Home | Forest Stewardship Council Skip to main content Main navigation What we do About us About FSC As the leader in sustainable forestry, FSC is trusted to protect forests for all, forever. Learn more about FSC > Learn more about our work Why forests matter How the FSC system works FSC solutions FSC’s 2021-26 global strategy Local FSC teams FSC labels What the FSC labels mean Every FSC label stands for sustainable sourcing that puts forests and people first. Learn more about our labels > Explore certification Show your commitment to responsible forestry by becoming FSC certified. Learn more about certification > Innovation Blockchain We’re using blockchain to ensure certification compliance throughout the supply chain. Learn more > Earth observation We’re harnessing the power of satellite data to help auditors monitor forest health. Learn more > Wood identification We're piloting cutting-edge technology to trace and prove the origins of wood. Learn more > FSC standards FSC standards Our rigorous forest certification standards are the foundation of the FSC system. Learn more > Current processes See which policies, standards and procedures are currently being strengthened. Learn more > System integrity System integrity We’re committed to upholding the credibility and transparency of the FSC system. Learn more > Open investigations Explore our active investigations into organizations who may threaten the FSC system. Learn more > Work with us For Businesses Certification and licence options Find the certification or licence that’s right for your business. Start now >Other Related LinksChain of Custody CertificationPromotional LicenceProject CertificationUse FSC’s logo By Industry Construction Fashion Fibre Furniture Natural rubber Paper & packaging Retail & ecommerce Wood Other forest products Explore Verified Impact Verified Impact for businesses Verified Impact for forest managers For Forest Managers Forest managers Ensure the long-term health and viability of your forest with FSC certification. Learn more > Managers of small, low-intensity, or community forests FSC certification isn’t just for global corporations. We have solutions to fit any forest. Learn more > For Governments Governments Make real progress toward your sustainability goals and secure the future of our forests. Learn more > For NGOs, research institutions, and other allies NGOs, research institutions, and other allies We’re convening diverse stakeholders to set the standard for forest stewardship worldwide. Learn more > For Potential Members Become a member Make your commitment to responsible forest stewardship official by becoming an FSC member. Learn more > Members portal FSC’s collaboration platform for current members. Learn more > Careers at FSC Join our mission Put your passion to work creating a better future for forests and people worldwide. Explore current opportunities > Learn more about FSC What the FSC labels mean Why forests matter Stories from the forest How the FSC system works FSC solutions FSC’s 2021-2026 global strategy News & perspectives News Centre Stay up to date with the latest from FSC and the world of sustainable forestry. See all news centre > Learning Centre Stories from the forest Position statements Podcasts Videos Annual report Consumer research E-training Campaigns Why forests matter Forests are vital for the climate, ecosystems, and communities around the world. Learn more >Other Related LinksWhy forests matter for the climateWhy forests matter for biodiversityWhy forests matter for people Press Corner Learn about upcoming media engagement opportunities and find relevant media resources. Learn more > Tools & resources Tools & Resources Home FSC offers a variety of tools and resources to help you work with our organization. See the complete list > Document Centre Find all documents related to FSC’s standards, policies, and procedures. Consultation Platform Open for feedback: Help strengthen FSC’s standards, procedures and policies up for review. E-Training Learn about the FSC system through deep dives on relevant topics. Certificate Search Access the latest information on FSC certificate holders. FSC Members’ Portal For FSC members: Access our primary platform for collaboration. Trademark Portal For FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access FSC’s trademarks. FSC Marketing Toolkit For FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access marketing assets and examples. What we doAbout us About FSC As the leader in sustainable forestry, FSC is trusted to protect forests for all, forever. Learn more about FSC > Learn more about our workWhy forests matterHow the FSC system worksFSC solutionsFSC’s 2021-26 global strategyLocal FSC teamsFSC labels What the FSC labels mean Every FSC label stands for sustainable sourcing that puts forests and people first. Learn more about our labels > Explore certification Show your commitment to responsible forestry by becoming FSC certified. Learn more about certification > Innovation Blockchain We’re using blockchain to ensure certification compliance throughout the supply chain. Learn more > Earth observation We’re harnessing the power of satellite data to help auditors monitor forest health. Learn more > Wood identification We're piloting cutting-edge technology to trace and prove the origins of wood. Learn more > FSC standards FSC standards Our rigorous forest certification standards are the foundation of the FSC system. Learn more > Current processes See which policies, standards and procedures are currently being strengthened. Learn more > System integrity System integrity We’re committed to upholding the credibility and transparency of the FSC system. Learn more > Open investigations Explore our active investigations into organizations who may threaten the FSC system. Learn more > Work with usFor Businesses Certification and licence options Find the certification or licence that’s right for your business. Start now >Other Related LinksChain of Custody CertificationPromotional LicenceProject CertificationUse FSC’s logo By IndustryConstructionFashionFibreFurnitureNatural rubberPaper & packagingRetail & ecommerceWoodOther forest productsExplore Verified ImpactVerified Impact for businessesVerified Impact for forest managersFor Forest Managers Forest managers Ensure the long-term health and viability of your forest with FSC certification. Learn more > Managers of small, low-intensity, or community forests FSC certification isn’t just for global corporations. We have solutions to fit any forest. Learn more > For Governments Governments Make real progress toward your sustainability goals and secure the future of our forests. Learn more > For NGOs, research institutions, and other allies NGOs, research institutions, and other allies We’re convening diverse stakeholders to set the standard for forest stewardship worldwide. Learn more > For Potential Members Become a member Make your commitment to responsible forest stewardship official by becoming an FSC member. Learn more > Members portal FSC’s collaboration platform for current members. Learn more > Careers at FSC Join our mission Put your passion to work creating a better future for forests and people worldwide. Explore current opportunities > Learn more about FSCWhat the FSC labels meanWhy forests matterStories from the forestHow the FSC system worksFSC solutionsFSC’s 2021-2026 global strategyNews & perspectives News Centre Stay up to date with the latest from FSC and the world of sustainable forestry. See all news centre > Learning CentreStories from the forestPosition statementsPodcastsVideosAnnual reportConsumer researchE-trainingCampaigns Why forests matter Forests are vital for the climate, ecosystems, and communities around the world. Learn more >Other Related LinksWhy forests matter for the climateWhy forests matter for biodiversityWhy forests matter for people Press Corner Learn about upcoming media engagement opportunities and find relevant media resources. Learn more > Tools & resources Tools & Resources Home FSC offers a variety of tools and resources to help you work with our organization. See the complete list > Document CentreFind all documents related to FSC’s standards, policies, and procedures.Consultation PlatformOpen for feedback: Help strengthen FSC’s standards, procedures and policies up for review.E-TrainingLearn about the FSC system through deep dives on relevant topics. Certificate SearchAccess the latest information on FSC certificate holders.FSC Members’ PortalFor FSC members: Access our primary platform for collaboration.Trademark PortalFor FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access FSC’s trademarks.FSC Marketing ToolkitFor FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access marketing assets and examples.Take Action →SearchFSC ConnectLocal FSC teamsLanguage : EN EnglishEspañol FSC Connect Local FSC teams en EnglishEspañol Search Take Action → Log in Mobile navigation What we do About us About FSC As the leader in sustainable forestry, FSC is trusted to protect forests for all, forever. Learn more about FSC > Learn more about our work Why forests matter How the FSC system works FSC solutions FSC’s 2021-26 global strategy Local FSC teams FSC labels What the FSC labels mean Every FSC label stands for sustainable sourcing that puts forests and people first. Learn more about our labels > Explore certification Show your commitment to responsible forestry by becoming FSC certified. Learn more about certification > Innovation Blockchain We’re using blockchain to ensure certification compliance throughout the supply chain. Learn more > Earth observation We’re harnessing the power of satellite data to help auditors monitor forest health. Learn more > Wood identification We're piloting cutting-edge technology to trace and prove the origins of wood. Learn more > FSC standards FSC standards Our rigorous forest certification standards are the foundation of the FSC system. Learn more > Current processes See which policies, standards and procedures are currently being strengthened. Learn more > System integrity System integrity We’re committed to upholding the credibility and transparency of the FSC system. Learn more > Open investigations Explore our active investigations into organizations who may threaten the FSC system. Learn more > Work with us For Businesses Certification and licence options Find the certification or licence that’s right for your business. Start now >Other Related LinksChain of Custody CertificationPromotional LicenceProject CertificationUse FSC’s logo By Industry Construction Fashion Fibre Furniture Natural rubber Paper & packaging Retail & ecommerce Wood Other forest products Explore Verified Impact Verified Impact for businesses Verified Impact for forest managers For Forest Managers Forest managers Ensure the long-term health and viability of your forest with FSC certification. Learn more > Managers of small, low-intensity, or community forests FSC certification isn’t just for global corporations. We have solutions to fit any forest. Learn more > For Governments Governments Make real progress toward your sustainability goals and secure the future of our forests. Learn more > For NGOs, research institutions, and other allies NGOs, research institutions, and other allies We’re convening diverse stakeholders to set the standard for forest stewardship worldwide. Learn more > For Potential Members Become a member Make your commitment to responsible forest stewardship official by becoming an FSC member. Learn more > Members portal FSC’s collaboration platform for current members. Learn more > Careers at FSC Join our mission Put your passion to work creating a better future for forests and people worldwide. Explore current opportunities > Learn more about FSC What the FSC labels mean Why forests matter Stories from the forest How the FSC system works FSC solutions FSC’s 2021-2026 global strategy News & perspectives News Centre Stay up to date with the latest from FSC and the world of sustainable forestry. See all news centre > Learning Centre Stories from the forest Position statements Podcasts Videos Annual report Consumer research E-training Campaigns Why forests matter Forests are vital for the climate, ecosystems, and communities around the world. Learn more >Other Related LinksWhy forests matter for the climateWhy forests matter for biodiversityWhy forests matter for people Press Corner Learn about upcoming media engagement opportunities and find relevant media resources. Learn more > Tools & resources Tools & Resources Home FSC offers a variety of tools and resources to help you work with our organization. See the complete list > Document Centre Find all documents related to FSC’s standards, policies, and procedures. Consultation Platform Open for feedback: Help strengthen FSC’s standards, procedures and policies up for review. E-Training Learn about the FSC system through deep dives on relevant topics. Certificate Search Access the latest information on FSC certificate holders. FSC Members’ Portal For FSC members: Access our primary platform for collaboration. Trademark Portal For FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access FSC’s trademarks. FSC Marketing Toolkit For FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access marketing assets and examples. What we doAbout us About FSC As the leader in sustainable forestry, FSC is trusted to protect forests for all, forever. Learn more about FSC > Learn more about our workWhy forests matterHow the FSC system worksFSC solutionsFSC’s 2021-26 global strategyLocal FSC teamsFSC labels What the FSC labels mean Every FSC label stands for sustainable sourcing that puts forests and people first. Learn more about our labels > Explore certification Show your commitment to responsible forestry by becoming FSC certified. Learn more about certification > Innovation Blockchain We’re using blockchain to ensure certification compliance throughout the supply chain. Learn more > Earth observation We’re harnessing the power of satellite data to help auditors monitor forest health. Learn more > Wood identification We're piloting cutting-edge technology to trace and prove the origins of wood. Learn more > FSC standards FSC standards Our rigorous forest certification standards are the foundation of the FSC system. Learn more > Current processes See which policies, standards and procedures are currently being strengthened. Learn more > System integrity System integrity We’re committed to upholding the credibility and transparency of the FSC system. Learn more > Open investigations Explore our active investigations into organizations who may threaten the FSC system. Learn more > Work with usFor Businesses Certification and licence options Find the certification or licence that’s right for your business. Start now >Other Related LinksChain of Custody CertificationPromotional LicenceProject CertificationUse FSC’s logo By IndustryConstructionFashionFibreFurnitureNatural rubberPaper & packagingRetail & ecommerceWoodOther forest productsExplore Verified ImpactVerified Impact for businessesVerified Impact for forest managersFor Forest Managers Forest managers Ensure the long-term health and viability of your forest with FSC certification. Learn more > Managers of small, low-intensity, or community forests FSC certification isn’t just for global corporations. We have solutions to fit any forest. Learn more > For Governments Governments Make real progress toward your sustainability goals and secure the future of our forests. Learn more > For NGOs, research institutions, and other allies NGOs, research institutions, and other allies We’re convening diverse stakeholders to set the standard for forest stewardship worldwide. Learn more > For Potential Members Become a member Make your commitment to responsible forest stewardship official by becoming an FSC member. Learn more > Members portal FSC’s collaboration platform for current members. Learn more > Careers at FSC Join our mission Put your passion to work creating a better future for forests and people worldwide. Explore current opportunities > Learn more about FSCWhat the FSC labels meanWhy forests matterStories from the forestHow the FSC system worksFSC solutionsFSC’s 2021-2026 global strategyNews & perspectives News Centre Stay up to date with the latest from FSC and the world of sustainable forestry. See all news centre > Learning CentreStories from the forestPosition statementsPodcastsVideosAnnual reportConsumer researchE-trainingCampaigns Why forests matter Forests are vital for the climate, ecosystems, and communities around the world. Learn more >Other Related LinksWhy forests matter for the climateWhy forests matter for biodiversityWhy forests matter for people Press Corner Learn about upcoming media engagement opportunities and find relevant media resources. Learn more > Tools & resources Tools & Resources Home FSC offers a variety of tools and resources to help you work with our organization. See the complete list > Document CentreFind all documents related to FSC’s standards, policies, and procedures.Consultation PlatformOpen for feedback: Help strengthen FSC’s standards, procedures and policies up for review.E-TrainingLearn about the FSC system through deep dives on relevant topics. Certificate SearchAccess the latest information on FSC certificate holders.FSC Members’ PortalFor FSC members: Access our primary platform for collaboration.Trademark PortalFor FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access FSC’s trademarks.FSC Marketing ToolkitFor FSC certificate holders and promotional license holders: Access marketing assets and examples.Take Action →SearchFSC ConnectLocal FSC teamsLanguage : EN EnglishEspañol EnglishEspañol You must include at least one keyword with 3 characters or more. In search of inspiration? Choose from the selection of the newest stories and documents below. Good forestry Saves the Cantabrian Brown Bear FSC has joined 100+ NGOs supporting the #Together4Forests movement. Read more → Urban Forest of Riga Now Certified The FSC Ecosystem Services Procedure has helped Maderacre verify its positive impacts on biodiversity and carbon. Read more → How the Indigenous Baaka of the Congo are saving forests Companies committed to sustainable forest management in the Congo are doing their part to advance the life of Indigenous Peoples, like the Baaka, with dignity. Read more → Page News Document Centre Files Other files Search (166 results) January 22, 2024 IT Applications Development Manager (m-f-d) November 27, 2023 Project Manager – Natural Tropical Forests (m-f-d) January 19, 2024 Student Assistant-Value Chain Development (m/f/d) June 4, 2019 Ballarpur Industries Limited (BILT) February 11, 2022 User Manual: FSC Certified Products Portal August 9, 2022 FSC requirements updated to enforce decision to reject FSC material from Russia, Belarus and conflict areas in Ukraine July 21, 2021 Looking Back to Move Forward: Small-Scale Forest Owners and Communities June 4, 2019 Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings Ltd. Group (APRIL) January 19, 2024 Programme Manager Data & Innovation (m-f-d) December 07, 2023 Talent Acquisition Manager (m-f-d) December 20, 2023 Regional Director, North America (m-f-d) October 30, 2023 Manager/ Officer Country Reviews (m-f-d) May 04, 2023 Products Manager - Carbon and Biodiversity (m-f-d) April 14, 2023 Senior Advisor - Ecosystem Services (m-f-d) September 21, 2023 Trademark Officer (m-f-d) January 31, 2024 Platform and DevOps Manager (m-f-d) November 30, 2023 Chief Operating Officer (m-f-d) September 29, 2023 Policy Manager in Asia Pacific Region (m-f-d) November 16, 2023 Assistant to Legal Department (m/f/d) November 16, 2023 Cyber Security Manager (m-f-d) Pagination Previous page ‹ Previous Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 Last page 9 Next page Next › Search (294 results) February 29, 2024 Global sustainability organizations form alliance to share risk information December 6, 2023 Empowering smallholders for EUDR compliance through FSC certification January 17, 2024 Explore FSC Blockchain: Reoccurring Webinars for FSC Licence Holders August 10, 2021 We all stand with the trees February 20, 2024 Workshop invitation: labelling and promoting with FSC October 10, 2023 FIA Formula One World Championship™ to use FSC-certified tyres by Pirelli February 20, 2024 Closing soon: Public consultation to strengthen FSC standards and continue fighting deforestation globally March 10, 2022 FSC requirements updated to enforce decision to reject FSC material from Russia, Belarus and conflict areas in Ukraine December 8, 2023 FSC's engagement in the EU Commission EUDR multi-stakeholder platform February 14, 2024 Request for proposals to revise FSC Risk Assessments February 29, 2024 FSC-certified Pirelli tyres debut at F1 April 26, 2022 FSC’s position and 10 recommendations to improve the new EU rules for deforestation-free products December 15, 2022 FSC welcomes the new EU Regulation on deforestation-free products – and is ready to work for effective enforcement on the ground December 15, 2023 Tune in to learn about FSC’s EUDR Alignment in 2024 December 11, 2023 Navigating EUDR compliance with FSC June 28, 2023 The EUDR is a reality December 6, 2023 The Republic of Srpska pioneers Timber Geolocation January 12, 2024 FSC’s new approach for risk assessments in forests February 20, 2024 Participate in the desk test of the Ecosystem Services Procedure April 5, 2023 Status of forest management certification in Poland Pagination Previous page ‹ Previous Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Last page 15 Next page Next › Search (267 results) Scope of application of FSC Remedy Framework for outstanding magnitude or gravity of harm caused Advice Note (ADV) ADVICE-10-004-01 Towards a thriving Network that supports FSC delivering on its global objectives Policy (POL) FSC Network Policy Consequences of Uncontrollable or Non-auditable Risks impacting the Forest Sector at large Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-20-001-12 Waiving of AAF for certificates in Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-20-005-01 Controlled Wood and Windthrow Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-20-008 Applicable National and Local Laws and Regulations for Controlled Wood for Forest Management Enterprises Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-30-010-01 Requirements for use of the FSC trademarks by project certificate holders Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-50-006 Advice Note on Stipulation of Controlled Wood Risk Designations by FSC International in case of Emergency Situations Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-60-002-01 Advice Note on Transaction Verification for FM/CoC Certificate Holders Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-60-004 Advice Note on Incorporation of new International Generic Indicators introduced with FSC-STD-60-004 V2-0 into National Forest Stewardship Standards Advice Note (ADV) FSC-ADV-60-006-01 Pagination Previous page ‹ Previous Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Last page 27 Next page Next › Search (1296 results) June 30, 2020 Call for Council Members Nominations - FSC Indigenous Foundation Council March 11, 2022 Malaysia FSC core labour requirements self assessment template November 23, 2021 Evaluation of the Potential for FSC Certification in Chile & Indonesia on converted land.pdf March 11, 2022 Informational Booklet_FSC Remedy Framework_Supporting Materials.pdf September 26, 2022 FSC Introduces Transaction Verification for All Forests in China … FSC Introduces Transaction Verification for All Forests in China … August 12, 2022 Listas FSC De Pesticidas Altamente Peligrosos May 06, 2021 FSC NA Results Infographic March 05, 2021 2021-03-04 Seminario web sobre el estándar revisado de Grupos de Manejo Forestal January 28, 2021 08. TORs Estudio financiero .pdf August 12, 2020 2017_FSC FPIC V2-0 WG_ToR July 21, 2020 FSC Standard for Project Certification Version Comparison March 11, 2022 EN Consultation report.pdf March 11, 2022 Material Informativo_Marco de Remediacion FSC.pdf March 11, 2022 FSC-POL-01-007_V1-0_D5-4-ES_Politica FSC para Abordar la Conversion.pdf March 10, 2022 FAQs on the current situation in Russia and Belarus.pdf March 08, 2022 FAQs_FSC Remedy Framework_supporting consultation materials.pdf February 22, 2022 Focus Forests Landscape Dialogue Info Sheet FR July 01, 2022 Online training instructions March 11, 2022 FSC statement_FSC One Remedy Framework_11 Mar 2022.pdf June 19, 2019 July 2018 Facts_and_Figures.pdf Pagination Previous page ‹ Previous Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Last page 65 Next page Next › The future of forests is in our hands Video file All in for forests Just as we depend on forests, forests depend on us. At the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) we unite individuals, businesses, governments, and NGOs under a common goal: protecting healthy, resilient forests for all, forever. See how you can make a difference by becoming a forest steward today. Individuals→Businesses →Forest managers →Governments →NGOs → FSC UK / C.Davies FSC / Milan Reška Become certified Document centre About our labels Work for us Members portal Use our logo FSC UK / O.Barber When forests flourish, we all do Our lives depend on forests. They purify the air we breathe, filter the water we drink, and supply countless products we use every day. See how forests impact all of us and learn how responsible forestry can help fight climate change, protect biodiversity, and support communities. Why forests matter → FSC / Bablu Singh Building a world where forests and people thrive We set the standard for responsible forestry worldwide. Our diverse ecosystem of stakeholders is changing the way forests are valued and managed, because that’s what stewards do. Who we are → Video file A label for positive change Our “check tree” label can be found on millions of products and stands alone as the most trusted mark for responsible forestry. Recognized by 46% of consumers worldwide,1 it verifies sustainable sourcing from forest to consumer. What our label stands for → FSC / Paintbrush (Renovo) iStock.com / Neosiam FSC Italy / Giulia Grotto Answer the call of the forest FSC members are at the center of everything we do. They represent social, environmental, and economic interests working together to define our responsible forestry standards. Ready to do your part? Join us in our mission to ensure healthy, resilient forests worldwide. Become a member → iStock.com / Marcus Chung Recognizing the true value of forests Certification is just one of the ways we’re supporting healthy, resilient forests. See how we’re measuring the true value of forests and learn how you can support sustainable forest management. Learn more → FSC / Milan Reška Ukrainian women entrepreneurs in wood industry call for more trade partners from the EU market Read more → Hermit Beetle, the Ambassador Read more → FSC / Julián Manrique Searching for the King Vulture in Ejido Nuevo Becal Read more → Instagram Twitter Facebook LinkedIn TikTok Connect with us Keep up with the latest from FSC on social media Summer Forest This summer, experience the biggest celebration of Life on Earth! Watch video → Textiles of the future Responsibly sourced textiles are vital for a sustainable future. FSC works with brands, designers, retailers, and manufacturers, to help transform the supply chain and protect the world’s forests. Watch video → Citroleo My Forest: Citróleo Group “Well-managed forests, respect for people and a healthy environment, the Citróleo Farm brings harmony to all” - says Adriano José Pavan, Project Manager of the Citróleo Group, Brazil. Visit → Become a forest steward We all have a role to play in protecting the future of our forests. Learn how you can join the FSC ecosystem and start making a difference today. Individuals → Businesses → Forest Managers → 1: Ipsos Global Consumer Recognition Study, June 2023 Forest Stewardship Council International Questions? Contact Us Stay informed. Sign up for our newsletter Explore Standards Transparency Why Forests Matter Our History Explore Certification What the FSC Labels Mean Governance FSC Indigenous Foundation FSC Standards Current Processes Chain of Custody FSC Standards System Integrity Case Management Current cases Report a problem Quick links Document Centre Members Portal View All Tools News Centre Stories from the Forest Careers Donate Facts & Figures FSC is the only forest certification scheme that is code-compliant with ISEAL, the global association for social and environmental standards systems. Forest Stewardship Council® - FSC® F000100 Legal Notice & Privacy Policy Manage Cookies Protecting FSC Trademarks © 2024 Forest Stewardship Council.