We Heart: Arts, Culture, Travel and Design Magazine Journal City Notes Stuff Crush The Edit We Heart Journal City Notes Stuff Crush The Edit We Heart City Notes A place of tranquility on the shores of Mexico's Pacific, Lo Sereno combines contemporary architecture with the natural world... Lisa Davidson 5 March, 2024 On the shores of Troncones, a coastal town situated between Mexico's Sierra Madre mountains and the Pacific Ocean, lies a sanctum that pays homage to serenity and authenticity; Lo Sereno, Casa de Playa, a serene ten-suite boutique hotel and Design... Top Stories City Notes Hudson, NY's Forts Ferry Farm Shoppe is an irresistible neighbourhood locale for enthusiasts of food, farming and fanciful finds... Stuff Crush The 'gold rush' of the package holiday revolution is documented in a fascinating new publication from Hoxton Mini Press... City Notes With a curious balance of maximalism and minimalism, Hôtel Hana Paris is a luxury hotel with a seriously seductive soul... City Notes Michelangelo Lovelace's singular approach to portraying nightlife, society and Black identity is explored in New York exhibition... Popular Embark on unforgettable journeys, as Alice Tate's British Family Escapes catalogues family-friendly adventures across the UK... Gunpowder Group's new Notting Hill curry house, Empire Empire, is inspired by Indian disco culture and mid-century design... Featured City Notes Timeless elegance meets contemporary luxury as Nobis Hotel Palma fuses historical Mallorca with modern Scandinavian cool... Architectural studios Jordi Herrero Arquitectos and Eduardo Garcia Acuna Arquitectos join interior designers from studio Wingårdhs to create a contemporary Balearic haven imbued with history. That Balearic haven is Nobis Hotel Palma, the... City Notes Experience culinary alchemy and design wizardry with a gourmet odyssey through the world of Donostia-San Sebastián's Azoka... Taking its name from the word for 'market' in Basque, Azoka is a new restaurant in Donostia-San Sebastián that offers up a new immersive gastronomy concept for the seaside town already world-renowned for its exquisite foodie delights.... Latest Journal Sustainable Luxury: What are designer brands doing to promote eco-friendly production and consumption in fashion..? Kelly Johns 28 February, 2024 When it comes to the world's biggest pollutants, there's no doubt that the fashion industry is a major contender. Clothing production alone requires water, energy, and other natural and artificial resources harmful to the environment, while garments... City Notes East London's Kingsland Road has a hot new rooftop restaurant with panoramic views and a focus on fire-forward cooking... Lisa Davidson 26 February, 2024 Established in 2017 as TT Liquor before rebranding in 2024 as simply 'TT', the multi-faceted venue has expanded beyond a specialist liquor store and subterranean cellar bar, taking over the whole of their building on London's Kingsland Road with a... City Notes At Hank's Café & Bagelry, a hearty slice of the Big Apple makes its way to the mouths of pretty Melbourne suburb, Armadale... Lisa Davidson 23 February, 2024 Serving seriously good bagels out of a spot that shouts serious New York cool, Hank’s Café and Bagelry is located in Armadale, a few kilometres outside of Melbourne's CBD, and has been inspired by a fusion of the inner suburb's historic 19th... City Notes Ben Marks and Matthew Emmerson increase their presence on the London dining scene with the opening of Morchella... Lisa Davidson 21 February, 2024 Following huge success with Perilla over in Newington Green, Ben Marks and Matthew Emmerson have literally just swung open the doors on Morchella, their new venture situated just off Exmouth Market. Housed in a former bank, the restaurant looks... City Notes St. Albert's Bambini Daycare sees the design principles of holistic childhood development expertly put into practice... Lisa Davidson 20 February, 2024 Interior architect, Alyssa Anselmo, has designed a 10,000 square foot holistic childcare centre in St.Albert, AB Canada. Conceived for Bambini Learning Group, the kindergarten has the aim to "bring back the joys of childhood with daycare and... City Notes Indulge in the tranquil tempo of life by rediscovering the art of 'slow living' amid the serenity of Lisbon's Pátio do Tijolo... Lisa Davidson 20 February, 2024 An urban sanctuary so laid back it's horizontal, Pátio do Tijolo is a truly beautiful 24-room boutique hotel that offers its guests a fusion of authentic Lisbon tradition with soothing contemporary aesthetics. Drawing on the 'slow life' concept,... Dispatches If you want to be a design champion in 2024, this is your final call to be recognised by the world's biggest design competition... Partner Story 15 February, 2024 In our article on 5 February, we advised that the deadline to enter the A’ Design Award's 2023—2024 edition was fast approaching. As that date is actually 28 February, this post is a call for action; a final opportunity for you to submit your... City Notes The team behind Williamsburg's Nami Nori are expanding their cult following with new West Village bakery concept, Postcard... Lisa Davidson 16 February, 2024 The team behind much-loved Nami Nori in Williamsburg open a new Japanese bakery and bubble tea shop in New York City's West Village. Although best known for their acclaimed temaki rolls, frequent customers soon caught wind of their fresh-baked... Dispatches ZIKZAK Architects unveil a restaurant design concept that fuses contemporary aesthetics with ethnic Ukrainian culture... Amelie Jones 12 February, 2024 A new concept by ZIKZAK Architects — a project team consisting of Valeria Mostipan and Ihor Yashyn — Ethno is a potential 245 square metre eatery that oozes Ukrainian charm through its modern interpretation and nod to historical roots. An... City Notes Artisan craft, centuries of history, and singular Panamanian spirit come together at Casco Viejo boutique hotel, Amarla... Lisa Davidson 8 February, 2024 With just eight rooms, what Amarla Casco Viejo lacks in size it more than makes up for in soul. A striking boutique hotel founded by British entrepreneurs Asher Warr and Robin Faulkner — born out of a passion for travel, human connection and... City Notes Fusing all that Potato Head has become world-renowned for, Dome is the resort's incredible new restaurant and natural wine bar... Lisa Davidson 7 February, 2024 With a philosophy of “Good Times, Do Good”, Bali's Desa Potato Head is a beachfront mecca for all those who value authenticity in the worlds of music, art, design, food and wellness. Included in the World’s 50 Best Hotels awards of 2023, the... City Notes This North Portugal winery offers a blueprint for how contemporary design can effortless fuse with natural surrounds... Amelie Jones 6 February, 2024 Northern Portugal's charming Minho region is home to a new winery building, Quinta do Mosteiro Adega, situated within a large family estate on hilly landscape where the earth provides a stable temperature and the ideal climate to produce the... View More Staff Favourites City Notes Renowned as a midcentury destination for those involved in the arts, one of St. Thomas's first guest houses is now pretty in pink... Lisa Davidson 9 October, 2023 Smith’s Fancy, one of the first guest houses on St. Thomas — known in the 1940s and '50s as a destination for those in the realms of fashion, art, music and film, before later being converted into an apartment complex — has undergone yet... Stuff Crush Do you aspire to live and work on your own terms? Learn about the Dream Businesses of inspiring creatives in this new book... Lisa Davidson 28 September, 2023 Do you aspire to live and work on your own terms? Fantasise about spending your Monday to Friday doing something you love? If so, Dream Businesses from international publishing house gestalten and media company, Courier, grants readers access to a... City Notes Gunpowder Group's new Notting Hill curry house, Empire Empire, is inspired by Indian disco culture and mid-century design... Lisa Davidson 27 September, 2023 Empire Empire joins Harneet Baweja's Gunpowder Restaurant Group, the in-demand restaurant located on All Saints Road, Notting Hill, a disco themed eatery dishing out Indian classics. Put together by Block1 Design — the studio's fourth... City Notes Locke, the design-led brand that offers so much more than the traditional hotel concept, opens a fine debut in the German capital... Lisa Davidson 26 September, 2023 With 176 stylish studio apartments and an unbeatable riverside location, Locke at East Side Gallery is surrounded by Berlin’s most happening inner-city districts — Friedrichshain, Kreuzberg and Mitte — and boasts views across the capital's... View All Dispatches Dispatches As the boundaries between the digital and real worlds merge, discover five famous buildings depicted in video games... Steven John 5 March, 2024 Over the years, game developers have proven to be very creative when it comes to graphics in video games. It is almost as if they use our imagination to create the most beautiful scenarios. This includes the architecture and the vegetation. These... Dispatches A beginner's guide to pool maintenance to show how you can keep your pool in top shape for the warmer months... Steven John 5 March, 2024 The warm weather is upon us and nothing screams summer more than a refreshing dip in your very own pool. But as a new swimming pool owner, it can seem overwhelming to keep it clean and maintained. You may be wondering where to even begin with the... Dispatches What’s an AI girlfriend & best AI girlfriend websites in 2024 Tory Lawrence 5 March, 2024 There’s a new trend in town – the AI girlfriend thing, and everyone on the internet seems to be talking about it. The rest of the world is left wondering, ‘What is an AI girlfriend?’ I went to dig up the intel and came back with tea AND... Dispatches 2024’s best Bitcoin casinos UK – Top UK crypto casino sites for big wins Tory Lawrence 4 March, 2024 UK crypto casinos have skyrocketed in popularity - and it’s no wonder they have, with anonymity, instant payouts, and huge bonuses that you won’t find at regular casino sites. Our industry experts have ranked the best UK Bitcoin casinos,... View All We Heart © We Heart 2024 About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Get in Touch DISCLAIMER: While We Heart strives to provide accurate and factual content, we cannot be held liable for the subjective opinions of our authors or writers. Although we commit to rigorous fact-checking, inaccuracies may occur. Please contact us through the 'Get in Touch' link above for any corrections or concerns. Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest