Groove Armada Releases Listings Merch Newsletter About Contact Back Latest release Classic collection ReleasesListings Merch Latest release Classic collection NewsletterAboutContact Releases ✩ Releases ✩ Releases ✩ Featured GA25: Vinyl Reissue Buy Now LATE NIGHT TALES: GROOVE ARMADA Buy Now ANOTHER LATE NIGHT: GROOVE ARMADA Buy Now GA25 Listen here Rescue Me listen here Superstylin' (Remixes) listen here Easy (Confidence Man Remix) listen here I See You Baby (feat. Gramma Funk) [Jordan Peak Remix] listen here Superstylin' (Smokey Bubblin' B Remix) listen here Listings ✩ Listings ✩ Listings ✩ Instagram ✩ Instagram ✩ Instagram ✩ Newsletter ✩ Newsletter ✩ Newsletter ✩ Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates. Email Address Sign Up We respect your privacy. Thank you! About ✩ About ✩ About ✩ In the 26+ years since Groove Armada debuted, they’ve continued to establish themselves as one of the most successful dance acts of the time, and maintaining their position as an influential force ever since. Over two decades of prolific productions and tireless touring they’ve proved that it’s possible to daringly explore a multitude of sounds while achieving critical and commercial success. From the dancehall dub of ‘Superstylin’’ to the crossover pop appeal of ‘Song 4 Mutya (Out of Control)’ and from the dancefloor-igniting ‘I See You Baby’ to the woozy sunset vibes of ‘At The River’, Groove Armada have consistently and uncompromisingly followed their own vision. Each one of those cuts stands alone as a certified classic, revered in the dance music hall of fame for their timeless appeal.The duo - Tom Findlay and Andy Cato - first met in London back in the nineties and their combined talent took them to the highest of heights: three UK Top 10 albums; three Grammy nominations; a BRIT nomination; and a succession of hit singles that are still being discovered by new fans to this day. Despite having formed a quarter-of-a-century before streaming exploded, they still command the attention of over 2.3million monthly listeners on Spotify, demonstrating their cross-generational appeal. They’ve also collaborated with or remixed countless high-profile artists, notably Madonna, Paul Simon, Fatboy Slim, Calvin Harris, Neneh Cherry and Bryan Ferry.And that’s all before you consider their exhilarating, life-affirming live show. Way back in an era when dance acts typically blended synths and DJing with striking visuals, Groove Armada focused on ensuring every element of the sound was as live as possible. It paid off in style with unforgettable scenes at Glastonbury, a five-night run at Brixton Academy (accompanied by Tom’s hero Richie Havens) and shows everywhere from Moscow to Sydney. Studio-wise their creativity has been abundant, with 11 LPs released over the course of their 25-year-long career. Most recently they dropped Edge Of The Horizon in 2020, an 11-track collection of sounds that traverse their eclectic tastes while keeping true to their inherent sound. Hints of the eighties come through loud and clear, while the production levels and ingenuity reflect the duo’s years in the game. Mature yet full of party energy, with positivity flowing through every track. The album was accompanied by a successful tour, marking their unstoppable run as one of the UK’s most popular dance music acts. Contact Us ✩ Contact Us ✩ Contact Us ✩ Name * First Name Last Name Email * Message * Message sent, thank you! SoundCloudApple MusicSpotifyFacebookInstagramYouTubeTwitter