eharmony | Dating site to meet singles & find real love! Login i Login or Stay logged in Details Forgot your login details? Log in Start free today Tour Dating Advice Log in Start free today Have you tried online dating before? I’m new to it Once or twice I’m an online dating pro Start free today What kind of relationship are you looking for? Casual Serious Not sure, just browsing Let’s Get Started. I am I am looking for Please specify your gender. a woman a man nonbinary a woman a man nonbinary people You can add more detail about your gender in your profile Please supply your email address. Your Email For your security, use the following password format: At least 8 characters Letters AND numbers/special characters Must not be the same as your email address Please determine your personal password. Your password is not compliant with our restrictions. Create your password Join now or Sign up with Facebook i The #1 trusted dating app 2022 Survey of 1,300 Respondents from the US, UK, Canada and Australia Every 14 minutes, someone finds love on eharmony eharmony user data Highest quality dating pool 2018 Survey of 1,616 U.S. Singles Our dating site helps millions find real love Over 2 million have found love … could you be next? Site most likely to lead to happy relationships … the right one may be waiting for you! 2.3 million messages sent weekly See who wants to talk to you! Introducing: A new eharmony experience Your search for a great relationship has never been easier with groundbreaking overhaul of the eharmony you know and trust. GET A SNEAK PEEK: Compatibility Counts What happens when you apply scientific research to dating behavior? A whole lotta love! But this isn’t destiny, it’s deliberate. That’s why every 14 minutes, someone finds love on eharmony. Join now Quality Singles, Just Like You Like you, they are tired of dating games. You can have complete confidence that all of your compatible matches are looking for the same thing you are. Love that lasts. Join now We’re Here For You Signing up for eharmony is the first step in finding your next great relationship. From profile tips to sharing your success story, we are here to support you in your journey for love. WE’RE AVAILABLE 24/7, 365 DAYS A YEAR Contact Us The Real Deal Over the course of our 20+ years in the relationship business, millions of couples have found lasting love. Give us a try when you’re ready for something real. Join now The #1 Trusted Dating App We have 20+ years of trusted matchmaking under our belts, with a dedicated Trust and Safety team by your side. Join now Dating Advice Your guide to dating and relationships all in one place. The latest articles, blogs and videos created by relationship experts, journalists and eharmony’s in-house advice team, exclusively on eharmony. 15 Date Ideas That Aren’t Dinner and a Movie When you think of date ideas, there are a few things that come to mind immediately – drinks, dinner, a movie, maybe a hike if you’re the outdoorsy kind. While those are all classics for a reason, it can be fun to think outside the box sometimes, whether you’re looking to make a good impression on a new flame or want to add some spice to a long-standing relationship. by eharmony Editorial Team Curiosity Didn’t Kill This Cat: 140 Questions To Ask Someone Getting to know each other is an integral part of the dating process, but it can be very hard to know what kind of questions to ask. In this article, we’ve covered a range of topics, each with plenty of example questions to ask to get to know someone. by eharmony Editorial Team Make Your Dating Profile Work for You A good dating profile is the cornerstone of your online dating efforts. It’s that first impression that gets people interested. But it can be difficult sometimes to figure out what photos express who you are and what essential aspects of your life to include in your dating profile bio. By eharmony Editorial Team ”Why Am I Single?” Unveiling the Common Causes and Mindset Shifts for a Happier Love Life Is single life wearing you down? It’s not a unique frustration. In most western countries, roughly a third of adults are single, with only about half that amount actually looking for a partner. If you’re one of them, you may wonder if you’re doing something wrong. by eharmony Editorial Team eharmony – A trusted online dating site for singles eharmony is the first platform to use a proprietary matching system we developed to match you with highly compatible singles. eharmony’s matching is based on using its 32 DIMENSIONS® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships. eharmony is committed to helping singles find love every day and we are confident in our ability to do so. eharmony matches single women and men for lasting and fulfilling relationships. Traditional Internet dating can be challenging for those singles looking for love that lasts – but eharmony is not a traditional dating site. Of all the single men or women you may meet online, very few will be compatible with you specifically, and it can be difficult to determine the level of compatibility of a potential partner through methods of other dating services – swiping profile photos, browsing classified ads or online personals. Our Compatibility Matching System does the work for you by narrowing the field from thousands of single prospects to match you with a select group of compatible matches with whom you can build a quality relationship. 4 Easy steps to find the right match Complete our compatibility quiz to get quality connections based on key areas of personality. Answer some basics to help us narrow down people who meet your personal criteria. Review the profiles of everyone who we’ve determined to be a right match for you Pick a membership that fits your needs and start communicating at your own pace. Meet people of many ages, races, and religions on eharmony With millions of registered users, the eharmony member base is an ethnically, racially, and religiously diverse group of individuals of many ages who are looking to find someone special. We understand it can be difficult to find a match with whom you share a similar background, goals, or beliefs, and regardless of who you may be looking for, eharmony wants to help you find the love of your life. Asian Dating Black Dating Christian Dating Latin Dating Jewish Dating Senior Dating Local Dating Find local singles online eharmony recognizes it can be difficult to meet people with whom you share common interests and goals within your geographical area, and we can help. eharmony matches you with compatible local men or women – whether you’re looking for love in Los Angeles, Denver, or Seattle. Our membership pool consists of quality singles residing throughout the U.S. and almost every country in the world. Long distance dating can be difficult and time consuming. Finding your ideal match in your own neighborhood has never been easier with eharmony. Free online dating advice and community We at eharmony want you to find love and romance and to make it last. To assist you in this quest, we offer free dating advice at Love and Harmony. Meet people in our online dating community and receive advice from our relationship experts. About eharmony eharmony Tips eharmony FAQ Success Stories About Us Safety Tips eharmony Careers Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Compliance Accessibility Statement Affiliates Help Press and Research Free Dating Site Dating Facets Senior Dating Site Christian Dating Site Black Dating Site Asian Dating International Dating Site Latin Dating Over 50 Dating Site Indian Dating Gay Dating Site Lesbian Dating Site Local Dating Dating Advice Dating Hub Finding Yourself Dating Getting to Know Attraction Commitment Relationship Issues Breaking Up Follow us on Facebook Twitter YouTube instagram eharmony mobile Download the iPhone App Download the Android App US www.eharmony.com www.eharmony.ca www.eharmony.co.uk www.eharmony.com.au *2018 Survey of 1,616 U.S. Singles© 2000-2024 eharmony Inc. – Made with ❤ in Los Angeles