Native-Land.ca | Our home on native land Native Land Digital About Us Our Team Why It Matters How It Works Partners & Contributors Roadmap Media Community & Blog Media Coverage Contribute Jobs Volunteer Fixes & Adding Maps Languages Supporter’s Circle Resources Territory Acknowledgement Teacher’s Guide Mobile Apps API Territories List Languages List Treaties List Contact English Français Español pαnawαhpskewi-alαtəwéwαkan Kamëntšá Biya فارسی Português 简体中文 हिन्दी Yoruba 한국어 Bukusu Selkup Swahili Add Translation Support Us Native Land Disclaimer This map does not represent or intend to represent official or legal boundaries of any Indigenous nations. To learn about definitive boundaries, contact the nations in question. Also, this map is not perfect -- it is a work in progress with tons of contributions from the community. Please send us fixes if you find errors. If you would like to read more about the ideas behind Native Land or where we are going, check out the blog. You can also see the roadmap. go to map Loading ... territories languages treaties Search your address, or toggle switches above to add shapes. Click around! Think critically about this map. Contact local nations to verify: colors OpenStreetMap labels colors OpenStreetMap labels Welcome. We are glad you are here. Native Land is an app to help map Indigenous territories, treaties, and languages. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you see an error! Our Mission We strive to map Indigenous lands in a way that changes, challenges, and improves the way people see history and the present day. We hope to strengthen the spiritual bonds that people have with the land, its people, and its meaning. Read more How It Works Mapping We strive to map Indigenous territories, treaties, and languages across the world in a way that goes beyond colonial ways of thinking in order to better represent how Indigenous people want to see themselves. Education We provide educational resources to correct the way that people speak about colonialism and indigeneity, and to encourage territory awareness in everyday speech and action. Community As an Indigenous-led organization, we interconnect Indigenous communities around the world and develop real relationships. Got questions? Get in touch with us A few of our partners and supporters: Latest map updates Territories Natchitoches April 14, 2023 Territories Umurecoómajá (Tatuyo) March 20, 2023 Treaties Toronto Purchase March 14, 2023 Want to read more? Go here Disclaimer This map does not represent or intend to represent official or legal boundaries of any Indigenous nations. To learn about definitive boundaries, contact the nations in question. Also, this map is not perfect — it is a work in progress with tons of contributions from the community. Please send us fixes if you find errors. We strive to represent nations and Indigenous people on their own terms. When there are conflicts or issues with our information, we try to fix things as soon as possible with the input of all parties involved. Get in touch Learn more Explore our site and resources Portal Pages Coming soon: a place for communities to control their own space online. Open Map Data We provide geoJSONs and a comprehensive API for free. Education Need help using Native Land in the classroom or office? Check out our guides. Land Acknowledgement Take a look at our Land Acknowledgement page to learn more about doing it right. Research references All our research and maps are documented on our territory, language, and treaty reference pages. Blogs and articles Keep up to date with our latest thoughts and discussions. You can help support us in many ways Patreon Come join us on Patreon and support our organization (and get some perks)! Learn more Supporter's Circle Join our new Supporter’s Circle and help be a part of the connections between Indigenous communities. Learn more Canadian Non-Profit About Our Team How It Works Why It Matters Partners & Contributors Roadmap Resources Territory Acknowledgement Teacher’s Guide API Languages List Territories List Treaties List Mobile Apps Outreach & Contact Adding Maps Volunteer Support Native Land Community & Blog Contact English English Français Español pαnawαhpskewi-alαtəwéwαkan Kamëntšá Biya فارسی Português 简体中文 हिन्दी Yoruba 한국어 Bukusu Selkup Swahili © Native Land Digital 2024. Proudly powered by WordPress | Hosted by Pressable