CBS Texas - Breaking Local News, First Alert Weather & I-Team Investigations Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Texas Breaking Local news, First Alert Weather & I-Team Reports twitter facebook youtube instagram News Local Business Eye on Politics Politics Consumer Education Tech The I-Team HealthWatch Entertainment CBS+ Weather Texas Weather Live Radar Closings/Cancellations Gardening 101 Weather on Wheels Mobile 11 Climate Connection Where's Brittany? Sports All Sports CBS Sports HQ Cowboys Rangers Mavericks Stars FC Dallas Wings NASCAR Golf Tennis College Sports High School Sports Video Texas Monthly 2024 Total Solar Eclipse Station Info CBS 11 / TXA 21 Advertise CBS Television Jobs Upload Your Photos Galleries Download the App CBS News Live CBS News Texas: Local News, Weather & More May 18, 2020 CBS News Texas CBS News Live Send us images and video Talking Taxes Eye on Politics I-Team Investigations Latest News More Texas primary election live blog and results North Texans are exercising their right to vote and casting their ballot on the biggest day of the primary season. 2H ago Severe thunderstorm warning issued for parts of North Texas Tuesday evening Parts of North Texas are under level 1 (marginal) and level 2 (slight) risks for severe storms on Thursday. updated 0M ago Texas fire chief dies responding to blaze in hard-hit Panhandle town Fritch Volunteer Fire Chief Zeb Smith had spent every day of the last week helping his community battle Texas's historic wildfires before he died at an unrelated structure fire Tuesday morning. 3H ago Man fatally shot during argument at Fort Worth business One of the suspects fired multiple rounds, striking the victim at least once in the torso, before the suspects fled, police said. updated 5M ago Super Tuesday voting underway in Texas The ballot includes candidates for the U.S. Senate, the State Board of Education, the Railroad Commission, judicial seats, congressional and legislative offices, and, of course, the next president. 8H ago Vision for Panther Island waterfront district on Trinity River unveiled Consulting firm HR&A Advisors made a presentation to both the Tarrant Regional Water District & the Fort Worth City Council. 37M ago Texas fires burn as much land in week as thousands did in years A handful of wildfires have burned nearly 1.3 million acres of Texas land in just over a week – nearly as much as what was burned by thousands of fires in the state from 2017 to 2021. 5H ago New dad Dak set to become NFL's highest-paid player After a career-best season, expect Dak Prescott's new contract to be about $57 million per year, Bill Jones writes. 9H ago Migrant crossings along the southern border increase as officials prepare for larger spike The increase in illegal entries from January indicates that migration is rebounding heading into the spring, when migrant arrivals have spiked in recent years. 4H ago More Latest News Staff Picks Hot, windy weather brings more problems to the Texas Panhandle A fresh wildfire broke out Sunday in the Texas Panhandle. 1H ago World Series Champs, TXA 21 partner to broadcast 4 spring training games CBS Texas' Bill Jones will serve as the on-field reporter for all four games. Feb 28 Upscale farm-to-table restaurant draws diners to small town Texas While small-town life in Hico may seem slow, the couple's restaurant sure isn't. Mar 4 Latest Videos More Latest Videos Panther Island step closer to becoming a reality A consulting firm on Tuesday unveiled a framework for an overall vision for Panther Island – a waterfront district on the Trinity River just outside of downtown Fort Worth. 46M ago 02:15 Panther Island step closer to becoming a reality Progress being made on Texas Panhandle wildfires As of Tuesday, the Smokehouse Creek fire is 1,059,570 acres and 37 percent contained. 1H ago 00:55 Texas immigration law temporarily blocked from taking effect The Supreme Court has temporarily blocked an immigration law in Texas from taking effect Tuesday. The law gives state officials the power to arrest migrants who cross into Texas illegally. 2H ago 02:04 Texas fire chief dies responding to blaze in hard-hit Panhandle town The volunteer fire chief of Fritch, a Texas Panhandle city among the hardest hit in the state's deadly historic wildfires, died on Tuesday after responding to a structure fire unrelated to the wildfires. 2H ago 00:26 Gov. Abbott, state officials give update on Texas Panhandle wildfires Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, along with state and local officials, received a briefing on the Panhandle wildfires Tuesday afternoon and held a press conference. 5H ago 35:06 More in Latest Videos First Alert Weather More First Alert Weather North Texas Super Tuesday forecast: sunny and warm First Alert meteorologist Dominic Brown has the latest forecast. 12H ago 02:00 Mild night across the metroplex ahead of primary election day Temps will be in the 70s to 80s for primary election day. 20H ago 03:25 Gorgeous weather expected in North Texas on Super Tuesday Expect a mild start, sunny skies, and highs in the upper 70s and low 80s on Tuesday. 23H ago 03:29 More Texas Weather Current Conditions Texas Panhandle Wildfires New lawsuit blames Smokehouse Creek fire on power company A new lawsuit claims a falling utility pole caused the tragic Smokehouse Creek fire in the Texas Panhandle. 23H ago Hot, windy weather brings more problems to the Texas Panhandle A fresh wildfire broke out Sunday in the Texas Panhandle. 1H ago Gov. Greg Abbott thanks first responders, local officials for response to Panhandle wildfires Abbott, who spoke from the Panhandle town of Borger, said that hundreds of structures have been lost, and "there's nothing left but ashes on the ground." Mar 1 At least 2 dead, dozens of homes destroyed in panhandle wildfires Firefighters are struggling for control of this system that has scorched over 1 million square acres. That's more than Dallas and Tarrant counties, combined. Feb 29 03:45 Catastrophic wildfires destroying homes, cattle and livelihoods Thursday night, Gov. Abbott granted temporary waivers to state regulations to assist in wildfire response. Feb 29 CBS Texas TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Sports News More Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 3 Mavs fall to Sixers 116-120 Dallas was outscored 25-13 in points off turnovers and lost for the fourth time in five games. Mar 3 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 LeBron James becomes the first NBA player to score 40,000 points James has also played the second-most regular season and most playoff minutes in league history. He is the only NBA player with at least 10,000 points, 10,000 rebounds and 10,000 assists. Mar 2 Pittsburgh Steelers great Andy Russell dies at 82 The two-time Super Bowl champion played 12 seasons for the black and gold as a linebacker. Mar 1 More Sports News Latest News More Latest News Texas primary election live blog and results North Texans are exercising their right to vote and casting their ballot on the biggest day of the primary season. 2H ago Severe thunderstorm warning issued for parts of North Texas Tuesday evening Parts of North Texas are under level 1 (marginal) and level 2 (slight) risks for severe storms on Thursday. updated 0M ago Texas fire chief dies responding to blaze in hard-hit Panhandle town Fritch Volunteer Fire Chief Zeb Smith had spent every day of the last week helping his community battle Texas's historic wildfires before he died at an unrelated structure fire Tuesday morning. 3H ago Man fatally shot during argument at Fort Worth business One of the suspects fired multiple rounds, striking the victim at least once in the torso, before the suspects fled, police said. updated 5M ago Super Tuesday voting underway in Texas The ballot includes candidates for the U.S. Senate, the State Board of Education, the Railroad Commission, judicial seats, congressional and legislative offices, and, of course, the next president. 8H ago More Latest News The I-Team More The I-Team How will Tarrant County law enforcement leaders ensure election integrity? "We want our voters to be secure in the fact that their elections are not tampered with, that there's no fraud occurring." 20H ago I-Team: Thousands of Texas train crossings remain gateless despite collisions A CBS News Texas I-Team investigation found that these safety gates are missing from more than 3,000 train crossings across the state. Mar 1 Resolute family seeks justice after 84-year-old murder suspect deemed unfit for trial An 84-year-old murder suspect who police said confessed to shooting his 78-year-old former girlfriend, is not expected to answer to the charge in a courtroom now after an expert determined he is not competent to stand trial. Feb 27 Fort Worth councilman calls on city to be more transparent with police chase policy "I understand the police chief and why he does not want to release some of the policy. At the same time, I believe it's important that we be transparent in everything we do," Councilmember Chris Nettles explained. Feb 21 The fight against fentanyl: One mother's warning As investigators race to take dealers off the streets, there is another fight taking place, but this one is much more personal. Feb 15 More I-Team Investigations Politics More Politics Outgoing Dallas City Manager T.C. Broadnax named finalist for Austin City Manager T.C. Broadnax, the departing city manager of Dallas, is a contender to be the next city manager of Austin. 1H ago Texas primary election live blog and results North Texans are exercising their right to vote and casting their ballot on the biggest day of the primary season. 2H ago Super Tuesday exit polls and analysis for the 2024 primaries Here's what's on the minds of some of 2024 GOP Super Tuesday primary voters today, according to CBS News exit polls. updated 24M ago Depressed about politics? This happiness expert has some advice. Depressed about a Biden-Trump rematch? Clashing with loved ones over politics? You're not alone. Here's how a happiness expert suggests navigating with less stress. 6H ago Taylor Swift posts message about voting on Super Tuesday The pop star, who has 282 million followers on Instagram, posted a message on her stories reminding people that today is the presidential primary for more than a dozen states. 3H ago More Political News Consumer News More Consumer News Target launches new paid membership program in a bid to drive increased sales Target, looking for ways to add sales, is relaunching its Target Circle loyalty program including a new paid membership with unlimited free same-day delivery in as little as an hour for orders over $35. 5H ago Texas solar company accused of preying on elderly signs deal with federal government Families across Texas are sharing similar stories of their experience with the solar company Sunnova. Feb 8 Solar panel company signed dying man to 25-year loan, leaving family to settle debt A North Texas family is stuck dealing with debt they say their father was tricked into taking on. Feb 7 IIHS releases new booster seat ratings If you're shopping for a child booster seat to put in your vehicle, there's good news. Jan 24 Oak Cliff community saves Trompo taco shop from shutting its doors for good Owner Luis Olvera closed his shop​ last week because he was behind on rent, but is now able to re-open after receiving help from the Dallas community. Jan 19 More Consumer News Health News More Health News First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. Mar 4 North Texas mother's fight to bring sickle cell awareness A mother's fight to help her two children struggling with the disease and the message she's on a mission to spread. Feb 29 CDC finds flu shots 42% effective this season, better than some recent years The latest data comes as the FDA is weighing a major revision to the flu shots. Feb 29 More Health News Business News More Business News Target launches new paid membership program in a bid to drive increased sales Target, looking for ways to add sales, is relaunching its Target Circle loyalty program including a new paid membership with unlimited free same-day delivery in as little as an hour for orders over $35. 5H ago Southwest Airlines is offering a birds-eye view of the total solar eclipse There are two flights available on April 8 that fly predicted to be in the direct path of the eclipse. Feb 26 Forney Mayor Jason Roberson on what the opening of H-E-B means for the city The popular Texas grocer announced on Feb. 23 its plans to expand to Forney, about 20 miles east of Dallas. Feb 26 Got wings? Buffalo Wild Wings is giving them away for free on Feb. 26 Buffalo Wild Wings placed a bet on the big game – and lost – but wing lovers won. Feb 19 Trump hawks $399 sneakers a day after a $355 million ruling against him As he closes in on the Republican presidential nomination, former President Donald Trump made a highly unusual stop. Feb 17 More Business News Sports News More Sports News Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 3 Mavs fall to Sixers 116-120 Dallas was outscored 25-13 in points off turnovers and lost for the fourth time in five games. Mar 3 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 LeBron James becomes the first NBA player to score 40,000 points James has also played the second-most regular season and most playoff minutes in league history. He is the only NBA player with at least 10,000 points, 10,000 rebounds and 10,000 assists. Mar 2 Pittsburgh Steelers great Andy Russell dies at 82 The two-time Super Bowl champion played 12 seasons for the black and gold as a linebacker. Mar 1 More Sports News Weather Latest First Alert Weather Forecast Download the CBS DFW Weather app! First Alert Radar Local Weather Temperatures Wind Speed Entertainment More Entertainment Upscale farm-to-table restaurant draws diners to small town Texas While small-town life in Hico may seem slow, the couple's restaurant sure isn't. Mar 4 For Kevin James, all roads lead back to stand-up He starred in the sitcom "The King of Queens," and topped box office charts with "Paul Blart: Mall Cop." But the comedian, a son of Long Island, reserves his greatest affection for stand-up, as seen in his new Amazon Prime special, "Kevin James: Irregardless." Mar 3 Iris Apfel, fashion icon known for her eye-catching style, dies at 102 Iris Apfel, a textile expert, interior designer and fashion celebrity known for her eccentric style, has died. Mar 1 Everything 'logical' you need to know about the GUTS world tour in Dallas From entry times to bag policies, here's what you need to know about Olivia Rodrigo's Guts Tour performance at the American Airlines Center. Feb 29 Cat Janice, singer who went viral for dedicating song to son, dies at age 31 After learning her cancer was terminal, Cat Janice encouraged fans to stream "Dance You Outta My Head"​ so the royalties would go to her 7-year-old son. Feb 29 More Entertainment News Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Panther Island step closer to becoming a reality A consulting firm on Tuesday unveiled a framework for an overall vision for Panther Island – a waterfront district on the Trinity River just outside of downtown Fort Worth. 46M ago 02:15 Progress being made on Texas Panhandle wildfires As of Tuesday, the Smokehouse Creek fire is 1,059,570 acres and 37 percent contained. 1H ago 00:55 Texas immigration law temporarily blocked from taking effect The Supreme Court has temporarily blocked an immigration law in Texas from taking effect Tuesday. The law gives state officials the power to arrest migrants who cross into Texas illegally. 2H ago 02:04 Texas fire chief dies responding to blaze in hard-hit Panhandle town The volunteer fire chief of Fritch, a Texas Panhandle city among the hardest hit in the state's deadly historic wildfires, died on Tuesday after responding to a structure fire unrelated to the wildfires. 2H ago 00:26 Gov. Abbott, state officials give update on Texas Panhandle wildfires Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, along with state and local officials, received a briefing on the Panhandle wildfires Tuesday afternoon and held a press conference. 5H ago 35:06 More in Latest Videos Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries Painting for peace: Texas artist joins Israel–Hamas war protests Dallas artist Roberto Marquez traveled to the Rafah Crossing in Egypt, the U.S. capital and will attend this weekend's statewide protest in Austin. Nov 14, 2023 8 photos Went And Took It: Texas Rangers 2023 World Series victory parade On Friday, hundreds of thousands of fans gathered outside and all around Globe Life Field in Arlington to celebrate the Texas Rangers historical World Series win! Nov 4, 2023 45 photos Sweeter than candy: NICU babies too cute to spook! Babies in the neonatal intensive care unit at several Texas Health hospitals were dressed in creative costumes for Halloween. Oct 31, 2023 29 photos Fried food & Ferris wheels: Colorful sights from the State Fair of Texas Is that the smell of cotton candy, beignets and brisket wafting over Fair Park? It sure is, and we are here for it! Oct 6, 2023 15 photos Life in plastic — it's fantastic! NICU babies living the Barbie life No one puts these dolls back in their boxes. Babies in the neonatal intensive care unit at Texas Health Harris Methodist Hospital Southwest Fort Worth are pretty in pink! Aug 3, 2023 5 photos More in Latest Galleries CBS Texas Contact Us Stream CBS News Texas Weather & Radar Maps Links & Numbers Advertise with CBS Texas ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS 11 / TXA 21 News Sports Weather Best Of Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KTVT-TV / CBS 11 Public File for KTXA-TV / TXA 21 Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On