Homepage ch.ch - official information from the authorities Search Homepage Main navigation language selection language selection Easy answers about life in Switzerland en Open language picker Loading... Launch search Easy answers about life in Switzerland Welcome on ch.ch - the platform about life in Switzerland Up-to-date Customs Documents and register extracts Family and partnership Foreign nationals in Switzerland Health Housing Insurance Political system Retirement Safety and justice School and education Taxes and finances Travel and emigrate Vehicles and traffic Votes and elections Work Up-to-date Customs Documents and register extracts Family and partnership Foreign nationals in Switzerland Health Housing Insurance Political system Retirement Safety and justice School and education Taxes and finances Travel and emigrate Vehicles and traffic Votes and elections Work de fr it rm en Launch search Protection against ticks Ticks are widespread in Switzerland. Tick bites can be dangerous and cause Lyme disease or meningitis. ch.ch indicates how you can protect yourself, children and pets. Ticks are widespread in Switzerland. Tick bites can be dangerous and cause Lyme disease or meningitis. ch.ch indicates how you can protect yourself, children and pets. Popular vote on 3 March 2024 The Swiss people voted on two initiatives related to pensions. Here you will find a brief overview of the most important details, and useful links to further information. And the results. The Swiss people voted on two initiatives related to pensions. Here you will find a brief overview of the most important details, and useful links to further information. And the results. How much tax will I have to pay in 2024? ch.ch. provides information on completing your tax return. Using the online tax calculators, you can estimate what the bill will be. The deadlines for payment vary from canton to canton. ch.ch. provides information on completing your tax return. Using the online tax calculators, you can estimate what the bill will be. The deadlines for payment vary from canton to canton. ch.ch Over 2100 communes 26 cantons1 Confederation15 areas of daily life 1 portal ch.ch is the information portal of the Swiss authorities. If you have any questions for the authorities, you are likely to find the answers here. ch.ch is a service provided by the Confederation, the cantons and the communes. Its content is compiled and managed by the Federal Chancellery. Over 2100 communes 26 cantons1 Confederation15 areas of daily life 1 portal ch.ch is the information portal of the Swiss authorities. If you have any questions for the authorities, you are likely to find the answers here. ch.ch is a service provided by the Confederation, the cantons and the communes. Its content is compiled and managed by the Federal Chancellery. 1234 Open/close complete footer A service of the Confederation, cantons and communes About chch Terms and conditions YouTube link Twitter link VoteInfo A service of the Confederation, cantons and communes About chch Terms and conditions YouTube link Twitter link VoteInfo YouTube link Twitter link