jQuery Learning Center jQuery jQuery UI jQuery Mobile Sizzle QUnit Plugins Contribute CLA Style Guides Bug Triage Code Documentation Web Sites Events Support Learning Center IRC/Chat Forums Stack Overflow Commercial Support OpenJS Foundation Join Members jQuery Team Governance Conduct Donate jQuery Learning Center Navigation Home About Contributing Style Guide Learning Center Users There's a lot more to learn about building web sites and applications with jQuery than can fit in API documentation. If you're looking for explanations of the basics, workarounds for common problems, best practices, and how-tos, you're in the right place! Authors Too much good information is spread across corners of the web, languishing in blog and forum posts, often just out of reach of people who need it, while the same questionable advice is duplicated across even more questionable sites. Help us stem the tide and educate today's — and tomorrow's — web developers. Chapters About jQuery Using jQuery Core Events Effects Ajax Plugins Performance Code Organization jQuery UI jQuery Mobile Recently Updated How do I get the text value of a selected option? How do I select an element by an ID that has characters used in CSS notation? How do I test whether an element has a particular class? How do I pull a native DOM element from a jQuery object? How do I select elements when I already have a DOM element? How do I replace text from the 3rd element of a list of 10 items? How do I select an item using class or ID? How do I test whether an element exists? Traversing Utility Methods Open Source Content All of the content in this site is completely open source, and we welcome your contribution. Whether you notice a small improvement that should be made, or want to write entirely new articles, this is one area where feature requests are encouraged! Open an Issue or Submit a Pull Request Each of our articles has a link to the raw content on GitHub, and we urge everyone to fork, edit, and help improve this community resource! Books Learning jQuery Fourth Edition Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer jQuery in Action Bear Bibeault, Yehuda Katz, and Aurelio De Rosa jQuery Succinctly Cody Lindley Learning Center Forum Twitter IRC GitHub Copyright 2024 OpenJS Foundation and jQuery contributors. All rights reserved. See jQuery License for more information. The OpenJS Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of the OpenJS Foundation, please see our Trademark Policy and Trademark List. Trademarks and logos not indicated on the list of OpenJS Foundation trademarks are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them. OpenJS Foundation Terms of Use, Privacy, and Cookie Policies also apply. Web hosting by Digital Ocean | CDN by Fastly | Powered by WordPress