ULTIMATE Instagram Feed Planner App + Presets + Schedule + Analytics [email protected] Instagram Planner TikTok Planner Blog Log In Select Page The World’s Most Used Instagram Planner The World’s Most Used Instagram Planner Officially approved by Instagram. Safe to use. Easily plan your posts, Reels, Instagram Stories. Find the best hashtags, caption ideas, presets, analytics, and more. Start Now › ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️+100,0005 Star Reviews Whether you’re a content creator, influencer, Instagram lover or business owner:  Plan Unlimited Instagram posts - for free Upload as many photos, videos and carousels as you want. Rearrange the order of the posts. Preview your Instagram feed before you post on Instagram. } Auto-post Set a day and time and Preview will automatically post for you.Have clients or your audience in different timezones? No need to convert times. Just change city/country and Preview will post at the right time for you.Instagram-approved and safe to use.  Schedule your Reels Upload your Reels. Rearrange their order. Test different thumbnails and cover images. See which one looks the best with the rest of your Instagram grid.  Plan your Instagram Stories Organize and schedule your Insta Stories for your campaigns, launches, templates, backgrounds, products, and more. Prepare your Links, preview the flow of your Stories as if you had already posted them on Instagram.  Edit your photos One Click = One Photo Transformation.Get +100 Filters and create your beautiful Instagram feed theme.  Use the Best Hashtags Personally hand-picked and researched Instagram hashtags to get your posts seen by the right people. Hashtag strategy for personal and business accounts. See your Top Performing Hashtags. v Caption ideas for the entire year Don’t know what to write in your caption? Get access to more than 3,000 of Instagram captions templates, prompts, ideas, quotes, call-to-action (and more) for your personal or business account. They’re a mix of fun and psychology to grab the attention of your followers, get more comments naturally and build real, human connections – through words. Post to Facebook & TikTok too Schedule with Product Tags for your Shop Pin posts on top of your feed and plan  Split images Split a big picture into multiple individual posts. Split in 2, 3, 6, 9 or more posts. Create any feed you want.  Monitor your growth Powerful, simple and interactive analytics. See your Top Posts, Followers Growth, Best Time to Post, Clicks to your Website, and more. And more P Multiple Accounts Manage multiple Instagram accounts.  Team Plan your feed with as many people as you want, at the same time.  Repost Repost Instagram photos, videos, carousels and Reels without watermark. Preview.Your Instagram Feed Planner app. PS: We don’t just help you plan. We’ll help you grow. Start now › Join 15 Million Instagrammers Get PreviewFeaturesPricing Learn BlogNewsletterInstagram GuideResources Connect FAQ Contact us Careers About us © Preview App Pty Ltd, 2016 – Present | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Hi there, we use cookies to give you the best experience on our website and to help us improve our service. By continuing to use our website, you consent to the use of these cookies.Got it