KCUR | KCUR - Kansas City news and NPR Search Query Show Search Podcasts & Shows Radio schedule All programs KCUR podcasts Seeking A Scientist Overlooked Up To Date Kansas City Today A People's History of Kansas City Hungry For MO Fish Fry Night Tides The Session with Hermon Mehari Radio schedule All programs KCUR podcasts Seeking A Scientist Overlooked Up To Date Kansas City Today A People's History of Kansas City Hungry For MO Fish Fry Night Tides The Session with Hermon Mehari News Local news Election 2024 Climate Coronavirus Corruption in Kansas City, Kansas Education En Español Health History Housing & development Politics Local news Election 2024 Climate Coronavirus Corruption in Kansas City, Kansas Education En Español Health History Housing & development Politics Arts & Life All arts Kansas City guide Adventure! Food Sports Local music Visual arts Performance Film Books All arts Kansas City guide Adventure! Food Sports Local music Visual arts Performance Film Books Collaborations KC Media Collective Midwest Newsroom Kansas News Service Harvest Public Media KC Media Collective Midwest Newsroom Kansas News Service Harvest Public Media Support Donate now Membership FAQs Update my monthly membership Honoring Aviva's legacy RadioActive Vehicle donation Planned giving Corporate sponsorship Volunteer with KCUR Donate now Membership FAQs Update my monthly membership Honoring Aviva's legacy RadioActive Vehicle donation Planned giving Corporate sponsorship Volunteer with KCUR Connect Sign up for KCUR's newsletters How to listen to KCUR 89.3 Text with KCUR Jobs Internships Join Gen Listen Inside KCUR Audio-Reader Network Sign up for KCUR's newsletters How to listen to KCUR 89.3 Text with KCUR Jobs Internships Join Gen Listen Inside KCUR Audio-Reader Network 91.9 Classical KC facebook twitter instagram © 2024 Kansas City Public Radio Menu NPR in Kansas City Show Search Search Query Donate Play Live Radio Next Up: 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 Available On Air Stations On Air Now Playing KCUR On Air Now Playing 91.9 Classical KC All Streams Podcasts & Shows Radio schedule All programs KCUR podcasts Seeking A Scientist Overlooked Up To Date Kansas City Today A People's History of Kansas City Hungry For MO Fish Fry Night Tides The Session with Hermon Mehari Radio schedule All programs KCUR podcasts Seeking A Scientist Overlooked Up To Date Kansas City Today A People's History of Kansas City Hungry For MO Fish Fry Night Tides The Session with Hermon Mehari News Local news Election 2024 Climate Coronavirus Corruption in Kansas City, Kansas Education En Español Health History Housing & development Politics Local news Election 2024 Climate Coronavirus Corruption in Kansas City, Kansas Education En Español Health History Housing & development Politics Arts & Life All arts Kansas City guide Adventure! Food Sports Local music Visual arts Performance Film Books All arts Kansas City guide Adventure! Food Sports Local music Visual arts Performance Film Books Collaborations KC Media Collective Midwest Newsroom Kansas News Service Harvest Public Media KC Media Collective Midwest Newsroom Kansas News Service Harvest Public Media Support Donate now Membership FAQs Update my monthly membership Honoring Aviva's legacy RadioActive Vehicle donation Planned giving Corporate sponsorship Volunteer with KCUR Donate now Membership FAQs Update my monthly membership Honoring Aviva's legacy RadioActive Vehicle donation Planned giving Corporate sponsorship Volunteer with KCUR Connect Sign up for KCUR's newsletters How to listen to KCUR 89.3 Text with KCUR Jobs Internships Join Gen Listen Inside KCUR Audio-Reader Network Sign up for KCUR's newsletters How to listen to KCUR 89.3 Text with KCUR Jobs Internships Join Gen Listen Inside KCUR Audio-Reader Network 91.9 Classical KC facebook twitter instagram Dylan Lysen / Kansas News Service Politics, Elections and Government People in older, more affordable Kansas homes are more likely to lose power. There's no easy fix Dylan Lysen Burying existing overhead power lines in developed neighborhoods would cost billions of dollars. That cost would immediately show up on electricity bills. Listen • 4:20 Populous / Kansas City Royals Sports If voters pass ballpark sales tax, Royals will ask Kansas City and Missouri for $700 million more Josh Merchant NPR Health University of Missouri's salmonella detection research receives $5 million boost Eric Schmid Eric Lee / St. Louis Public Radio Housing & Development Missouri doesn’t have a statewide building code. This bill seeks to change that Eric Schmid Come work at KCUR! KCUR's newsroom and audience development team are hiring for multiple positions, including reporters. Apply now! The Latest From KCUR's Up To Date Carlos Moreno / KCUR 89.3 Low-wage workers say Royals haven't earned their votes to build a downtown Kansas City ballpark Steve Kraske Low-wage workers and their allies are pushing for a strong community benefits agreement from the Royals as the team pursues a new stadium in the Crossroads neighborhood of downtown Kansas City. So far, they say the Royals don't have their vote. Listen • 20:15 Josh Merchant / Kansas City Beacon Kansas City has a new Office of Language Access. What should it accomplish? Steve Kraske The Kansas City Council approved the creation of an Office of Language Access in a 12-1 vote last month. Stakeholders hope the office will be comprehensive and implemented in every corner of local government. Listen • 21:55 KCUR En Español Clara Reyes, fundadora del periódico Dos Mundos de Kansas City, es recordada como una mentora Los Royals eligieron un lugar para el estadio, pero aún no han llegado a un acuerdo con los trabajadores ni con el barrio de Crossroads Los organismos de control de la policía están tomando nota, ya que Kansas City, Kansas, registró su año con menos muertes en una década Up To Date What Kansas City cares about. Listen weekdays at 9 a.m. or on your favorite podcast app. More News From KCUR Politics, Elections and Government Abuse at a Missouri Christian camp lasted decades, but a new bill would only help some victims Danny Wicentowski Under current Missouri law, survivors of sexual abuse must take legal action before they turn 31. New legislation would expand that limit to age 41, to give victims “more time to work through their own pain and suffering." Listen • 26:23 Education 'No perfect solutions': Wichita school board votes to close 6 schools Suzanne Perez The Wichita school board voted 5-2 to shutter six schools at the end of this academic year. Members said they had no choice but to close the schools — Hadley and Jardine Middle Schools, and Clark, Cleveland, Park and Payne elementaries — because of declining enrollment, aging buildings and a $42 million budget deficit. Politics, Elections and Government Missouri governor criticized for reducing DWI sentence of ex-Chiefs coach Britt Reid Jason Hancock Missouri Gov. Mike Parson reduced Britt Reid's sentence for crashing his truck into two vehicles near the Chiefs’ practice facility in February 2021 while drunk, permanently injuring a 5-year-old girl. Reid is Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid's son. Housing & Development Just 5 companies own 8,000 Kansas City houses, creating intense competition for residents Mili Mansaray Kansas City residents who want to buy a single-family home have to bid against mega-corporations that own hundreds or even thousands of properties. That shrinks the number of houses available for people to actually live in, and raises prices for homebuyers and renters alike. News Nebraska and Maine split their electoral vote. Is it a better system than winner-take-all? Elizabeth Rembert Every four years, the 2nd Congressional Districts in Nebraska and Maine become mini swing states in the presidential election. That’s because those states can split their electoral vote by district, instead of giving all the votes to the popular vote winner. Does the split vote approach offer a better option for the electoral college? Listen • 4:37 Arts & Life A fire ravaged Kansas City's Warwick Theatre, but cast and crew know the show must go on Isabella Luu Just a month after a fire left the historic Warwick Theatre charred and out of commission, the Metropolitan Ensemble Theatre will perform this week in a temporary space while the community rallies to help out. News Hundreds rally in Kansas City for a Gaza cease-fire: ‘We're trying to reach people's hearts’ Savannah Hawley-Bates About 500 people joined Al-Hadaf KC, a Palestinian-led group that helped plan the rally, in calls for a cease-fire in the Gaza Strip and an end to what they call Israeli occupation. The group has spent months rallying support for the Palestinian cause. Education Missouri student loan servicer blames the federal government for reported problems Annelise Hanshaw The Higher Education Loan Authority of the State of Missouri, better known as MOHELA, pushed back Friday on allegations that it mismanaged a federal aid program, arguing the U.S. Department of Education is partially to blame for complaints included in a recent report. Arts & Life Celebrate Women's History Month with these Kansas City art exhibitions Xiao daCunha March is Women's History Month, and these six art exhibitions around Kansas City showcase a cohort of women artists, honor women’s history and interrogate feminist subjects. Politics & Elections Politics, Elections and Government Missouri ditched an election partnership. Voters will feel the consequences. Politics, Elections and Government Kansas lawmakers are again considering banning gender-affirming care for trans youth Health Politics, Elections and Government Missouri House advances bill to defund Planned Parenthood, despite Supreme Court defeat Politics, Elections and Government Kansas can’t expand Medicaid unless top Republicans support it. Here’s why they don’t Education Education The Wichita school district could close six schools. How did we get here? Education Missouri schools may find out if their drinking water contains lead. Here's what's being done Arts & Sports Classical KC Spotlight The Irish Tenors bring meaningful music and hearty laughs to Kansas City Arts & Life Can a storied Kansas rocker put his ‘Bad Reputation’ in the past and find a future in folk music? Housing & Development Housing & Development Rents in Kansas City and Missouri are rising faster than almost anywhere else in the U.S. Politics, Elections and Government The Royals want your tax dollars for their Crossroads stadium. Here's a guide to the April 2 vote History History Martin Luther King Jr.’s final college speech was in a somewhat unlikely place: Kansas Sports Kansas City Chiefs and Miami Dolphins still hold the NFL record for longest game KCUR podcasts Kansas City Today A People's History of Kansas City Seeking A Scientist Up To Date Radio Schedule Donate Newsletters Kansas City Guide News Kansas News Service KC Media Collective Stay Connected twitter instagram facebook linkedin © 2024 Kansas City Public Radio About KCUR Listen Live Contact Us Staff Jobs Internships Social Media Guidelines Code of Ethics Governance Public File Privacy Policy