Full Service Internet Marketing Company & Internet Marketing Tools Full Service Internet Marketing Company & Internet Marketing Tools Services Link Building Link Building Services Linkable Asset Creation Backlink Audit & Disavow Technical SEO Web Analytics Services Website Auditing Conversion Optimization Core Web Vitals Optimization SEO Services On Page Optimization Rankings Drop Solutions Reputation Management Competitive SEO Analysis Reconsideration Requests SEO Consulting SEO Content Creation Google Penguin Recovery Featured Snippet Optimization Usability Testing & CRO Services Marketing Digital Marketing Services Social Media Marketing Web Accessibility Services Usability & Customer Experience Website Launches & redesign PPC Management Local Marketing Services Internet Marketing Speaker Video Creation and Marketing Tools Free SEO Tools Social Image Resizer Tool Google Adsense Calculator What's My Browser Size Tool HTML Source Code Viewer Tool Meta Tag Analyzer Domain Age Checker Title Tag and Meta Description Data Meta Tag Generator & Snippet Preview Keyword Typo Generator Search Engine Spider Simulator Keyword Cloud Tool Keyword Combination Tool URL Inspection Tool Featured Tools Broken Links, Redirects & Site Crawl Tool Robots Text Generator Tool Keyword Density Analysis Tool Header Checker Tool Side-by-Side SEO Comparison Tool Google Keyword Suggest Tool Broken Image & Link Analyzer On-Page Optimization Tool Schema Generators Event Schema Generator Organization Schema Generator Video Schema Generator Product Rich Snippet Schema Generator Article Schema Generator Book Schema Generator Movie Schema Generator Webmaster Tools Robots.txt Validator Datetime Format Converter PopUp window generator IP Address Converter Dig Utility Whats My IP Code to Text Ratio Page Load Speed Analyzer URL Rewriting Tool IMN Password Generator Tool C Class IP Checker Whats My Browser Size Tool CSS Coder Domain Name Typo Generator htaccess Generator Blog Recent PostsHow to Create Good Content With Help From AIThe New Most Important SEO Tool Is One You Already HaveWhat Can You Bring to the Table? Looking at the Future of RankingLet’s Talk AI and Google.How to Detect AI-Generated Content (and Can Google Do That)8 Crazy Useful Instagram Hacks To Try Right NowHow to Do Link Building in 2022-2023Many sites aren’t using their blog correctly – are you?Using and Optimizing Images: Search and Social Optimization Cheat SheetsHow to Make Your Blog Part of Your Search-Driven Sales Funnel About About IMN About IMN Jim Boykin CEO Reviews from SEO's Reviews from Clients Reviews from Employees Contact Us Client Results Speaking and Events Become A Ninja Affiliate Job Openings Contact X Industry-Leading SEO and Content Marketing Agency Since 1999 We help enterprise brands, exciting mid-market companies, and rapidly growing SMBs drive more revenue online. SEO Strategy A strong SEO strategy lays the foundation for traffic growth, remedying existing issues and uncovering new opportunities. SEO Audits & Strategy Competitive Analysis Ranking Drop Solutions Content Creation & Marketing If your current content isn’t getting discovered, IMN can improve the reach of your existing pages, create new assets, and market them on major publishers. Content Creation Services Viral Content Campaigns Video Content Programs Trusted Linkbuilding Looking for better rankings in Google? Quality link building is a necessity in any competitive vertical. Let our expert team customize a plan for you today. Link Building Services Backlink Auditing Linkable Asset Marketing Trusted Internet Marketing Services We can help boost your organic traffic! We're honest, we're smart, we're passionate, and we can earn your trust. We're Feeling Lucky. You could be too! Learn More We've worked with the best! Conferences, Events & Awards We’re passionate presenters and we love attending conferences to share what we know, what we’re testing, help other marketers, and give back to the search marketing community. SMX Advanced Online June 13th - 14th 2023 SMX Virtual 2023Online March 1st - 2nd 2023 Pubcon Austin 2023Austin, Texas February 27th - 28th 2023 Ungagged LondonLondon, England April - TBD - 2020 View More Events A Note From Jim Boykin CEO & Founder of Internet Marketing Ninjas In 1999, I started this company with the mission statement, “We will work toward bringing in the greatest amount of relevant traffic to our clients’ websites, using the most ethical methods available.” That mission remains true today. Over the years, the game has evolved; the rules have changed, and how the game of SEO is played has changed. But our services today still remain true to our original mission. When I started our Internet marketing company 23 years ago, it was just me and a dream. That dream was to grow and be the best. Today, we have 41 employees, most of them based in New York’s Capital District. The average employee has been with us for over 9 years bringing our combined work experience to over 385 years! Compared to our Ninja army, I can’t believe that there’s a more experienced or tighter team of SEOs in the world. If you’re shopping around for an SEO company, know that IMN wins on experience and knowledge. See What Our Clients Say About Us See What Our Employees Say About Us Since 2005, I’ve spoken at more than 130 SEO and Internet marketing conferences including Pubcon, SMX, ClickZ, Digital Summit, and SEOktoberfest. My panel topics are often related to link building, penalties, and SEO tools, though I’ve also presented on backlink analysis and SERP marketing, including featured snippet optimization. Even though I know a ton about link building and content marketing, I’m excited to share knowledge in other areas. For years, I blogged a lot about SEO and link building, and I won some cool awards for my writing. Although I no longer write much for the public, I’m still reading all of the news and theories of others in this industry on a daily basis. I still live, sleep, and breathe SEO. Plus, we have Ann Smarty on our team who blogs and writes enough across the Web to compensate for both of us. Today, I tend to focus my time on my business and clients, not on writing or speaking my thoughts to the world. Even though I don’t write as much and don’t speak as much, I’m still 100% involved in IMN on a daily basis. I firmly believe that we have found the perfect services and the perfect company size to best provide for our clients. For the past five years, I’ve capped the size of IMN’s staff, and with our size being capped, I’ve also capped the work each department can perform to ensure the best quality. Because of services being capped, sometimes, you will be placed on our waiting list. If you have to be on our waiting list, understand that it’s well worth the wait because when it is time, you will be getting our best work. We offer specific services that often include you publishing our content and our linkable asset creations on your site. Here’s what you could get when you work with us: Content marketing and link building services Linkable asset creation and marketing Content creation and content optimization SEO audits with action items Access to our proprietary tools and control panel If you would like to inquire about our services (and you have a budget of at least $7,500 per month for a minimum of six months), please contact Chris, our VP of sales, through this form. If our services are beyond your budget, then I’d like to invite you to try our free SEO tools. Peace, Love, and Respect,Jim BoykinCEO and Founder of Internet Marketing Ninjas Featured Testimonials " Overall your whole team has done some fantastic work for us, I am seriously impressed by how professional and creative your team is. I would really like to continue the work with you. " Michael P Client "I've been very pleased with your entire operation. The team is great and you guys jumped into action very quickly. I've been impressed with how you can scale up so quickly. Goes to show you guys really know what you're doing. Looking forward to a long relationship!" Ryan Client " Hi Jim, Great update thank you, and I appreciate the incredible support and business partnership for so many years. You guys are unicorns and these results confirm everything I have known about the Ninjas for the past 5-6 yrs. Looking forward to many more good years together. " Brian D Client " What an incredible experience to meet you and your team! Your passion for what it takes to stand out, reminds me a of a band I was in for many years. The Internet Marketing Ninjas are the BEST! Thank you!!! " Bruce Kulick Client Client Testimonials SEO Testimonials Employee Testimonials Try Our Free Tools Find Broken Links, Redirects & Site Crawl ToolThis is one of the best SEO tools out there! Use it to find broken links on your site and generate an XML formatted sitemap. You also have the option to export your data into a downloadable... Image And Link AnalyzerWant to see all of the images on your web page, along with their size, ALT text and a real size display of the image? How about a list of all of your page links - external links, internal links, style sheets, xml and other assets? Do you... On-Page Optimization ToolSee your site like how search engine spider see it with one of our most useful Internet marketing tools. This one stop glimpse of your site's most basic information can give insight into minor adjustments which can have a major... Social Image Resizer ToolOptimized images are an integral ingredient to success for modern websites. With this free SEO tool, you can easily convert your favorite digital image into a banner, favicon, icon, Facebook profile picture or Twitter profile picture... More Tools TweetShareShare0 Shares Popular SEO Services : Link Building Services Linkable Asset Creation Backlink Audit & Disavow Reconsideration Requests SEO Consulting SEO Content Creation Google Penguin Recovery Website Auditing Rankings Drop Solutions Conversion Optimization Reputation Management Core Web Vitals Optimization Internet Marketing Tools Jim and Ann Show Internet Marketing Speaker Affiliate Program Quick Links : Home About Ninjas Client Results IMN Client Reviews Industry Testimonials Employee Testimonials Marketing Resources Contact Additional Resources Social Accounts : Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On X Subscribe On Youtube Subscribe To Our RSS Still Have Questions? Get answers from our expert team. Hire Yourself A Ninja © 1999-2024 Official Internet Marketing Ninjas. Formerly We Build Pages. Located at 21 Corporate Drive, Clifton Park NY 12065 Site Map Privacy Policy Report a Bug