AWS Wickr | Protecting Communications with End-to-End Encryption Skip to content Download Products AWS Wickr AWS WickrGov Wickr Enterprise Wickr RAM Wickr Pro (unavailable on 3/27/24) Wickr Me (discontinued) Wickr ATAK Plugin Pricing Security Resources All Resources Blog News Support Solutions All Solutions Military Government Agencies State & Local Government Enterprise Healthcare Careers Contact Sales Menu Download Products AWS Wickr AWS WickrGov Wickr Enterprise Wickr RAM Wickr Pro (unavailable on 3/27/24) Wickr Me (discontinued) Wickr ATAK Plugin Pricing Security Resources All Resources Blog News Support Solutions All Solutions Military Government Agencies State & Local Government Enterprise Healthcare Careers Contact Sales Protecting communications with end-to-end encryption Secure collaboration across messaging, calling, file sharing, and screen sharing. Download Wickr Contact Sales Secure Industry Leading End-to-End Encryption Zero Trust Platform Design Advanced Security Features Learn More Compliant Manageable Security and Administrative Controls Automatic Enforcement of Data Retention Policies Centralized Message Archiving Capability Learn More Capable 1:1 and Group Messaging, Teleconference and File Sharing Enterprise Integrations (SSO, MDM, etc.) and Bots Federated SaaS and On-Premise Deployment Options Learn More Who is Wickr for? Military Government Agencies Enterprise Individuals Customers Founded and operated by former government and military intelligence professionals in 2009, Qintel’s commitment to uncovering data hidden in the depths of the dark web has made it the gold standard in threat intelligence for many Fortune 100 companies and essential government organizations. “As former employees from federal law enforcement, the intelligence community, and the military, Qintel understands the need for enterprise-federated, secure communication messaging capabilities. When searching for our company’s messaging application we evaluated the market thoroughly and while there are some excellent capabilities available, none of them offer the enterprise security and flexibility that Wickr does. Qintel has always enjoyed a solid relationship with Wickr. We have found them to be very transparent with their technology and wanting to make their products more secure and effective. We not only use Wickr for individual and group secure communications, but also take advantage of Wickr’s bot features to automate threat intelligence and other critical information.” Bill Schambura, Chief Executive Officer – Qintel The United States Air Force is the air service branch of the United States Armed Forces and is one of the eight uniformed services of the United States. “Using Wickr RAM in Cloud One allows our personnel and teams to collaborate securely at the tactical edge and higher; in-garrison and deployed. Its ability to run on many different platforms and its feature set enables us to reduce security risks and operate successfully. Wickr RAM fills distinct secure mobility collaboration gaps to meet DoD compliance mandates at scale. Based on its commercial and government hosting, scalability, and federation capabilities, it is the only compliant solution that enables secure foreign partner, other government agency, and non-government agency secure collaboration for rapid response operations and ad-hoc activities. This is especially key to enable humanitarian efforts, crisis response, and other operations. Its bot system also enables automation for automatic data collection and communications.” Todd Weiser, Chief Technology Officer – U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command UNCOMN, a service-disabled, veteran-owned small business and AWS Advanced Tier Partner, provides industry-leading business management and technology consulting services. At 12 years old, UNCOMN serves Department of Defense and commercial customers, with more than 200 team members helping solve cloud, supply chain, data, and cybertechnical problems. UNCOMN’s values of Be More, Do More, and Cultivating Beauty are core to its efforts to give back and volunteer its services to nonprofit entities making a difference. “UNCOMN combined forces with AWS Wickr to secure communications for Operation Recovery, supporting the safe evacuation of Afghan allies in the wake of the U.S. military exit from Afghanistan.” Nick Powers, Chief Operating Officer – UNCOMN Operation Recovery is a nonprofit organization comprising more than 150 highly trained and experienced volunteers, including Special Operations veterans, intelligence specialists, medical professionals, immigration experts, refugee organizers, and advocates. Operation Recovery works remotely through secure electronic channels to assess, organize, coordinate, and deploy lifesaving support in the aftermath of global crises and disasters. “Operation Recovery required a secure form of communication with the many principals within our care. UNCOMN and Wickr developed an elegant solution to a very complex problem. Together, they produced a method for us to use Wickr’s protocol to communicate securely with at-risk allies in Afghanistan.” Jon Collette, President – Operation Recovery Latest News AWS Wickr – A Secure, End-to-End Encrypted Communication Service For Enterprises With Auditing And Regulatory Requirements AWS re:Inforce details how to fortify enterprise security culture and tools AWS has acquired encrypted messaging service Wickr Products AWS Wickr AWS WickrGov Wickr Enterprise Wickr RAM Wickr ATAK Plugin Integrations Security Privacy Information Request Reporting Research Bug Bounty Terms Company About Customers Partners Patents Careers Support Get Support Contact Us System Status Product Updates Legal Process Guidelines Connect Facebook X LinkedIn Medium YouTube © 2024, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.