Reedsy • Your daily dose of writing, publishing and marketing advice Our next novel writing master class starts in 33d 16h 08m 29s! Claim your spot! reedsyblog Connect reedsymarketplace Assemble a team of pros Editing Design Marketing Publicity Ghostwriting Websites Blog reedsyblog Advice, insights and news reedsylearning Free 10-day publishing courses reedsylive Free publishing webinars Bestseller Podcast Book Cover Art Success Stories Apps reedsybookeditor Free EPUB & PDF typesetting tool reedsydiscovery Launch your book in style reedsyprompts A weekly short story contest Tools Book Promotion Sites Book Review Blogs Booktube Channel Guide Book Title Generator Character Name Generator Independent Publishers Literary Agents Literary Magazines Pen Name Generator Plot Generator Publishers Directory Short Story Ideas Writing Contests Writing Apps Writing Classes Writing Exercises Writing Scholarships About Join us Menu ABOUT About Reedsy Terms Privacy Welcome to the Reedsy Blog A trusted place to learn how to successfully publish your book All posts Book design Book marketing From our authors Perfecting your craft Reedsy news Understanding publishing How to Publish a Book For Free: The 7 Best Sites Feb 27, 2024 – Understanding Publishing If you want to publish your book without spending a single dime, check out this handy list of 7 free self-publishing services. Read more → Narrative Structure: Definition, Examples, and Writing Tips Dec 18, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft What's the difference between story structure and narrative structure? And how do you choose the right narrative structure for you novel? Read more → What is the Proust Questionnaire? 22 Questions to Write Better Characters Dec 08, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft Inspired by Marcel Proust, check out the questionnaire that will help your characters remember things past. Read more → How To Craft a Book Hook (Tips from Editors) Oct 20, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft We break down what a book hook is, why it matters for authors, and how to craft a successful one. Read more → What is Pathos? Definition and Examples in Literature Sep 29, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft Pathos is a literary device that uses language to evoke an emotional response, typically to connect readers with the characters in a story. Read more → How to Start a Children’s Book: Coming Up with Your Big Idea Aug 18, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft If you've ever dreamed of writing a children's book but aren't sure where to start, check out this post to learn more about how you can create the perfect story for kids. Read more → How to Become a Travel Writer in 5 Steps: A Guide for Travel Bugs Jul 03, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft If you want to get paid to share your adventures, learn how to become a travel writer with these five tips. Read more → How to Write a Biography: A 7-Step Guide [+Template] Jun 30, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft Portraying someone’s life on paper in a comprehensive and engaging way requires solid preparation. Here are 7 steps you can follow. Read more → What Is an Index in a Book? Everything You Need to Know Jun 07, 2023 – Book Design Ever wondered what a book index is for, or how it's made? Read this post to take a peek behind the publishing curtain. Read more → When to Use Semicolons: 4 Rules and Examples May 26, 2023 – Perfecting your Craft Confused about when to use a semicolon and how it's different from other punctuations? Here's a breakdown, with plenty of examples. Read more → 1 2 … 38 Next › Last » Subscribe to our newsletter! 1 million debut and bestselling authors have made Reedsy their home to learn more about book publishing, marketing tips and all things reedsy.com. Join a community of over 1 million authors Reedsy is more than just a blog. Become a member today to discover how we can help you publish a beautiful book. Google Facebook MARKETPLACE Authors Publishers Become a Freelancer Hire a Freelancer LEARN Blog Learning Reedsy Live Freelancer Guides Discovery COMPANY About Team Press Stories RESOURCES Book Review Blogs Literary Agents Title Generator Name Generator Short Story Ideas Writing Contests Writing Exercises Writing Prompts Writing Tool reedsy Terms • Privacy • Reedsy Ltd. © 2024 1 million authors trust the professionals on Reedsy. Come meet them. Enter your email or get started with a social account: Google Facebook