Child Mind Institute | Transforming Children's Lives Skip to main menu Skip to content Skip to footer Internet Explorer is no longer supported Please upgrade to Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, or Firefox. Lo sentimos, la página que usted busca no se ha podido encontrar. Puede intentar su búsqueda de nuevo o visitar la lista de temas populares. Videos & Guides Positive Parenting, Thriving Kids Get tips to address your most common parenting challenges. Created with the state of California. Learn More March is National Reading Month Find out why it's important for kids to read and the best ways to teach them how. Learn More Global Programs Expanding Our Impact Worldwide Foundational support from the Stavros Niarchos Foundation (SNF) will allow us to accelerate access, quality, and equity of youth mental healthcare. Learn More Insurance-Based Care for Families The Child Mind Institute is partnering to build Fort Health, a telehealth provider that accepts insurance in NY and NJ. Learn More Transforming Children’s Mental Health The Child Mind Institute is dedicated to transforming the lives of children and families struggling with mental health and learning disorders by giving them the help they need to thrive. We’re the leading independent nonprofit in children’s mental health, operating three Mission Areas that work together for greater impact: Care, Education and Science. More About Us Care at the Child Mind Institute Our clinicians provide gold-standard, evidence-based treatment to thousands of kids annually through our clinical centers and in-school programs: icon-checkmark Clinical centers in New York City & San Francisco Bay Area icon-checkmark Supported by fees for service, with financial aid available Learn More About Care Book an Appointment Explore Care Brave Buddies® Program Designed to help children ages 3–12 and diagnosed with selective mutism overcome their anxiety and speak in any setting. Radically Open Dialectical Behavior Therapy Developed to help teens and young adults increase their self-awareness, social connectedness, and more. LEGO® Therapy Social Skills Group Our group therapy program for elementary children with social communication and social skills difficulties. Education at the Child Mind Institute We deliver free resources to millions of families and training to hundreds of educators each year, so more kids get the help they need: icon-checkmark Online Family Resource Center icon-checkmark Public awareness campaigns to reduce stigma icon-checkmark Toolkits and trainings for educators in underserved communities Family Resource Center School & Community Programs Explore Education Raising Girls With Healthy Self-Esteem Learn how to help your daughter develop confidence and a positive body image. The Thriving Kids Projects Explore free, evidence-based video resources to support your child’s mental health. Symptom Checker This free tool can help you learn about possible diagnoses and will offer information to help you learn about them. Science at the Child Mind Institute Our researchers and engineers are uncovering the causes of mental health and learning disorders to develop tomorrow’s breakthrough treatments: icon-checkmark Advanced neuroscience and applied technology icon-checkmark Open Science approach icon-checkmark Key initiatives include the Healthy Brain Network, MatterLab, and the Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange Explore Science Explore Science U.S. Study Finds Black Patients to Receive the Highest Rates of Psychotic Disorder Diagnoses Read about our recent study shining a light on racial and ethnic disparities in the diagnosis of psychotic disorders. Youth Mental Health Academy Learn about our community-based, career development program for the next generation of mental health leaders. What is Neurodiversity? Learn about neurodiversity's different forms and how parents can support kids who are neurodivergent. Ways to Give Support Children’s Mental Health Help us transform the lives of children struggling with mental health and learning disorders. Ways to Give Latest News & Updates View All Subscribe to Our Newsletters "*" indicates required fields Enter Email* This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Care What We Treat Where We Are Why We’re Different Who We Are Request an Appointment Cost & Financial Aid Care Journey Connect to Care Education Family Resource Center Parenting Guides Symptom Checker Explore Topics Ask an Expert Awareness Campaigns Developmental Milestones ADHD Test for Kids School and Community Direct Care Programs Professional Training Programs Thriving Kids Projects Program Outcomes Guiding Values Science Fundamental Neuroscience Advancing Methods Global Open Science Applied Technologies Training Future Leaders Scientific Research Council About Us Our Impact News & Updates Events Our Offices Our Team Annual Reports Editorial Mission Careers Ways to Give Donate Start a Fundraiser Shop Gifts Legacy Planning Partner With Us Get Involved Support Our Work We’re proud to be recognized as a financially accountable and transparent organization. General Inquiries? Call 212.308.3118 Follow Us Síganos ©2024 Child Mind Institute, Inc., a tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 80-0478843) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. All rights reserved. The Child Mind Institute Family Resource Center was made possible by a generous grant from the Morgan Stanley Foundation. Created by Constructive. Terms of Use Online Privacy Statement Donor Privacy Policy Disclaimer