Home Page - IPWatchdog.com | Patents & Intellectual Property Law Home Page - IPWatchdog.com | Patents & Intellectual Property Law Inventors IPW LIVE LIVE 2024 LIVE 2023 LIVE 2022 LIVE 2021 Sponsor & Exhibit Group Discounts Available What Makes LIVE Different? Jobs How JobOrtunities™ Works Submit a Job Post Podcasts Clause 8 Podcasts IP Goes Pop! Podcasts Understanding IP Matters Podcasts Talkin’ Trade Podcasts IP Practice Vlogs Patently Strategic Podcasts The Briefing Podcasts The SEP Couch with Tim Pohlman Press Releases Submit Press Release In-Person Programs Upcoming Live Programs Masters™ Series of Events Artificial Intelligence Masters™ Patent Litigation Masters™ Patent Prosecution Masters™ Life Sciences Masters™ Technology Law & Transactions Masters™ IP Solutions, Services & Platforms Expo IPWatchdog LIVE 2024 Past In-Person Programs Sponsorship Opportunities “Pay-to-Play” Policy Group Discounts Available Hotel Accommodations Webinars Calendar CLE Information Sponsor a Webinar with IPWatchdog Webinars Video Archive Courses Patent Practice Training Course – On Demand Search About IPWatchdog IPWatchdog Team Article Submission Contact Contributors Partners Books Harnessing Differences Between U.S. and European Patent Education Systems for an International Advantage in Portfolio Strength Participants in the U.S. and European patent systems face a rapidly changing landscape as the European patent with unitary effect and Unified Patent Court (UPC) are off to a successful start. The UPC has positioned itself alongside U.S. district courts, the International Trade Commission (USITC), and the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) as a leading patent litigation forum…. Accordingly, participants in these patent systems constantly engage with U.S. and European patent attorneys, and now interact more frequently with attorneys who can represent them before the UPC (“UPC representatives”). This article describes key differences in the training, development, and skill sets of U.S. patent attorneys, European patent attorneys, and UPC representatives. Gregory Rosenthal 4 hours ago 0 Recent Popular AI Masters Panelists on State of the AI Landscape: Time for Companies to Slow Down and for Policymakers to Speed Up Panelists on day one of IPWatchdog’s Artificial Intelligence Masters 2024 program painted a sometimes-grim picture of the current state of generative AI (GAI) tools and the ways in which they are currently being deployed in the United States, but seemed convinced overall that the kinks would be worked out once lawmakers and courts catch up, as they have done with past disruptive technologies. Eileen McDermott 17 hours ago 0 UK Decision Provides Guidance on Takedown Notices and Unjustified Threats A large number of businesses trade through online platforms and marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay. Consumers may believe that because goods are listed on a well-known trusted platform, they are authentic, and the sellers have been approved in some way by the service provider. Unfortunately, as too many business owners are aware, e-commerce platforms offer counterfeiters and infringers a relatively easy way of offering their infringing goods for sale. A balance must be struck between forcing online marketplace providers to police intellectual property disputes themselves and allowing businesses to protect their intellectual property rights effectively when they are being exploited via online platforms. Jill Bainbridge March 4, 2024, 07:15 AM 2 Clause 8: UPC Judge Michael Fleuchaus and Dr. Benjamin Grau on Europe’s New Unified Patent Court In this special two-part episode of Clause 8, Eli delves into the creation, implementation, and strategic importance of Europe’s new Unified Patent Court (UPC) with UPC Judge Michael Fleuchaus and Dr. Benjamin Grau. Since the 1970s, European policy makers have dreamed of a common European patent court. That dream finally became a reality last year, in June of 2023, with the formation of the UPC. Most observers predicted that it would not only become the central court for patent enforcement in Europe but also the go-to destination for enforcing patents worldwide. Since its inception, prospective litigants have understandably wanted to learn as much as possible about how the UPC would operate in practice and whether the dream would match reality. Fortunately, Judge Fleuchaus – one of the early UPC appointees – and European patent attorney Dr. Grau joined Eli for this special two-part episode of the Clause 8 podcast to discuss the creation, implementation, and role of the UPC from the vantage point of its operation in the first year. Eli Mazour March 4, 2024, 05:15 AM 0 Some Apple Watches Off the Market Following ITC Ruling Apple confirmed to media outlets on Monday that it will halt sales of certain Apple watches following the October International Trade Commission (ITC) ruling issuing a limited exclusion (LEO) order against the products. In its October ruling, the ITC found Apple violated section 337 by importing Apple Watches that infringed on two Masimo patents that covered technology related to reading blood-oxygen levels. Eileen McDermott December 18, 2023, 01:15 PM 2 What Lies Ahead: Here’s What IP Practitioners Will Be Watching in 2024 We are less than 24 hours out from 2024 and, after reflecting on what mattered in 2023 and other year-in-review recaps, it is now time once again to ponder what lies ahead. From exciting patent legislation to Supreme Court trademark and copyright cases that could have big implications, here is what the IPWatchdog community will be keeping on its radar in the new year. Eileen McDermott December 31, 2023, 12:15 PM 3 Proposed Framework on March-In Rights Dubbed ‘Unprecedented’ by U.S. Chamber The National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST) and the Department of Commerce today published a draft version of a Federal Register Notice seeking comments on a proposed framework for deciding whether and when to exercise march-in rights under the Bayh-Dole Act that would significantly broaden the criteria for compulsory licensing of patented technology developed with federal funding. While Bayh-Dole contemplates march-in rights, the law strictly limits the situations in which they can be exercised and does not make any reference to pricing as a criterion for marching in. But under the proposed framework, an agency may consider “[a]t what price and on what terms has the product utilizing the subject invention been sold or offered for sale in the U.S.” and whether “the contractor or licensee [has] made the product available only to a narrow set of consumers or customers because of high pricing or other extenuating factors”. Eileen McDermott December 7, 2023, 02:30 PM 2 Rader’s Ruminations – Patent Eligibility, Part 1: The Judge-Made ‘Exceptions’ are Both Unnecessary and Misconstrued In supreme irony, the U.S. Supreme Court lists the three exceptions to statutory patent eligibility in Chakrabarty, Diamond v. Chakrabarty, 447 U.S. 303 (1980) — the case most famous for the observation that Thomas Jefferson’s statutory language from the 1793 Act (still in place today) covers “anything under the sun made by man.” Id. at 309. While construing Jefferson’s “broad” statutory language in 35 U.S.C. 101 with “wide scope,” the Court noted: “The laws of nature, physical phenomena, and abstract ideas have been held not patentable.” Id. The Court tries to support this listing with a string citation to several cases — each standing for something different than an exception from statutory language. Still, to ensure clarity, the Court gives examples: “a new mineral discovered in the earth or a new plant found in the wild is not patentable subject matter.” Likewise, Einstein could not patent his celebrated law that E=mc2, nor could Newton have patented the law of gravity.” Id. So far so good, but this classic example of the Court trying to sound informed and competent out of its comfort zone reemerges 30 years later to replace (and effectively overrule) the statutory rule that governed for over 200 years and remains in Title 35. Randall Rader March 3, 2024, 12:15 PM 9 Other Barks and Bites for Friday, March 1: More News Organizations Sue OpenAI, Writer Accuses Amazon of Copyright Infringement, OpenAI Wins Trademark Battle with Silicon Valley Entrepreneur This week in Other Barks and Bites: a California district court rules a Chinese chipmaker was not guilty of stealing trade secrets; multiple news organizations sue OpenAI for using copyrighted material to train ChatGPT; and a writer accuses Amazon Studios of copyright infringement and using AI to work around the actor’s strike. Alec Pronk March 1, 2024, 04:15 PM 1 USPTO Proposes Rules to Implement Motion to Amend Pilot Provisions The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) today published a Federal Register Notice (FRN) announcing a notice of proposed rulemaking (NPRM) that would make permanent certain aspects of the Motion to Amend (MTA) Pilot program and revise rules around the burden of persuasion governing MTAs. The MTA pilot program for America Invents Act (AIA) proceedings at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) stems back to March 2019, when the Office published a notice of pilot program in the Federal Register announcing that patent owners would have the opportunity to seek preliminary guidance on MTAs from the Board itself. The pilot program also offered the opportunity for patent owners to file revised MTAs following a petitioner’s brief in opposition to the original motion to amend. Since launching the pilot program, the USPTO has twice extended the date for terminating the program, which is currently set to run through September 16, 2024. Eileen McDermott March 1, 2024, 12:15 PM 0 Arnold & Porter is Seeking an Engineering Patent Agent Arnold & Porter is seeking an Engineering Patent Agent for the Intellectual Property practice group. This position is full-time and permanent, and may be located in the following offices: Boston, Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, or Washington DC. The Patent Agent works with Patent Attorneys to secure patents by preparing, filing, and prosecuting applications involving new inventions with the U.S. Patent & Trademark office. JobOrtunities Help Wanted January 5, 2024, 05:15 AM 0 From AI Inventors to Design Reform and FRAND: What Mattered in EU IP for 2023 The most significant development in IP in Europe in 2023—indeed arguably the most significant in nearly 30 years—was the launch of the Unitary Patent and Unified Patent Court on June 1. The full implications of this are explored here. Beyond the UP and UPC, however, there were a number of. important developments in Europe affecting all the main IP rights. James Nurton December 27, 2023, 01:15 PM 1 Seattle Metropolitans Hockey Owner Sues NHL’s Kraken Over Jersey Logos On December 27, less than one week before the National Hockey League’s (NHL) Seattle Kraken defeated the Vegas Golden Knights in the 2024 Winter Classic, a lawsuit was filed in the Western District of Washington against the Kraken. The lawsuit alleges that Seattle’s NHL franchise wore an infringing jersey during the Winter Classic, and has sold infringing merchandise, after shutting out the legitimate business interests of a passionate Seattle-area fan who revived that city’s championship legacy more than 90 years after the previous franchise folded. Steve Brachmann January 4, 2024, 04:15 PM 6 More Posts Varsity Sponsors Featured Contributors Eli Mazour Clause 8: UPC Judge Michael Fleuchaus and Dr. Benjamin Grau on Europe’s New Unified Patent Court Randall Rader Rader’s Ruminations – Patent Eligibility, Part 1: The Judge-Made ‘Exceptions’ are Both Unnecessary and Misconstrued Gene Quinn Sanctions Imperative When False Statements are the Basis for a Lawsuit Michael Snyder IP Goes Pop!—Techno-Humanism: The IP of Integrating People and Technology James Pooley Secrecy and Taylor Swift: What Conspiracy Theories Reveal About Our Growing Distrust of Institutions Joseph Allen Three Congressional Letters Show the March-In Debate Has Shifted Randall Rader Rader’s Ruminations: The Most Striking (and Embarrassing) Legal Mistake in Modern Patent Law Madeleine Key Understanding IP Matters: AI Beyond ChatGPT — How a Healthcare Investor and INDYCAR Engineer are Taming Big Data All Contributors Become a Contributor IPWatchdog Events Webinar: Mastering the Art of Innovation – Insights from IP Leaders at the Top 100 Most Innovative Companies March 7 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm EST PTAB Insights: An In-Depth Examination of the PTAB Landscape (Replay) March 11 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT Revamping the PTAB: A Review of Pending Legislation and Proposed Rules (Replay) March 13 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT Webinar: Potential & Pitfalls – Exploring the Future of AI in the IP World March 14 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm EDT Navigating Parallel Patent Challenges at the PTAB, ITC, District Court and CAFC (Replay) March 15 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT All Events Subscribe to IPWatchdog This is the best way to stay informed. We send a daily roundup of our latest news, press releases, and events. Get Email Updates IPWatchdog Events Webinar: Mastering the Art of Innovation – Insights from IP Leaders at the Top 100 Most Innovative Companies March 7 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm EST PTAB Insights: An In-Depth Examination of the PTAB Landscape (Replay) March 11 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT Revamping the PTAB: A Review of Pending Legislation and Proposed Rules (Replay) March 13 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT Webinar: Potential & Pitfalls – Exploring the Future of AI in the IP World March 14 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm EDT Navigating Parallel Patent Challenges at the PTAB, ITC, District Court and CAFC (Replay) March 15 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT Effectively Using and Dealing with Experts at the PTAB (Replay) March 18 @ 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm EDT All Events Recent Podcasts Clause 8: UPC Judge Michael Fleuchaus and Dr. Benjamin Grau on Europe’s New Unified Patent Court IP Goes Pop!—Techno-Humanism: The IP of Integrating People and Technology Patently Strategic Podcast: James Howard and the Black Inventors Hall of Fame Understanding IP Matters: AI Beyond ChatGPT — How a Healthcare Investor and INDYCAR Engineer are Taming Big Data Understanding IP Matters: The Mysteries of Design Patents – Preventing Abuse Before It Happens Patently Strategic Podcast: Claim Construction More Episodes Press Releases Registration Now Open for an All-Expenses-Paid Global WIPO-Korea IP Course Join us for HTB conference & HTB forum build-to-sell 2024 2024 WIPO-U.S. Summer School on Intellectual Property “Innovation Momentum 2024: The Global Top 100″ report reveals world’s most dynamic innovators using patent data The 7th IP Awareness Summit will be held March 28th in Greater Chicago Leo Patent Law Office Relocates to World Trade Center at Amsterdam Airport, The Netherlands All Press Releases Submit Press Release Subscribe At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. © 1999 – 2024 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Images on IPWatchdog Primarily Provided by Our website uses cookies to provide you with a better experience. Read our privacy policy for more information.Accept and Close