PLOS Genetics Skip to main content Advertisement PLOS Genetics Browse Current Issue Journal Archive Collections Find and Read Articles Publish Submissions Getting Started Submission Guidelines Figures Tables Supporting Information LaTeX Other Article Types Preprints Revising Your Manuscript Submit Now Policies Best Practices in Research Reporting Human Subjects Research Animal Research Competing Interests Disclosure of Funding Sources Licenses and Copyright Data Availability Complementary Research Materials, Software and Code Sharing Ethical Publishing Practice Authorship Corrections, Expressions of Concern, and Retractions Manuscript Review and Publication Editorial and Peer Review Process Guidelines for Reviewers Guidelines for Editors Accepted Manuscripts Comments About Journal Information Editors-in-Chief Editorial Board Publishing Information Publication Fees Press and Media Contact Search Search advanced search February 8, 2024 TRAILS: Tree reconstruction of ancestry using incomplete lineage sorting Image credit: pgen.1010836 02/27/2024 Research Article Comparison of clinical geneticist and computer visual attention in assessing genetic conditions Understanding AI, specifically Deep Learning, in facial diagnostics for genetic conditions can enhance the design and utilization of AI tools, facilitating more meaningful interactions between clinicians and AI technologies. Image credit: pgen.1011168 Recently Published Articles Glycan strand cleavage by a lytic transglycosylase, MltD contributes to the expansion of peptidoglycan in Escherichia coli RNA cis-regulators are important for Streptococcus pneumoniae in vivo success Protein subcellular relocalization and function of duplicated flagellar calcium binding protein genes in honey bee trypanosomatid parasite See all articles Current Issue January 2024 02/26/2024 Research Article Maintenance of proteostasis by Drosophila Rer1 is essential for competitive cell survival and Myc-driven overgrowth Loss of Rer1 induces proteotoxic stress, leading to cell competition and elimination, while increased Rer1 levels provide cytoprotection and support Myc-driven overgrowth. Image credit: pgen.1011171 02/28/2024 Research Article Anthracyclines induce cardiotoxicity through a shared gene expression response signature TOP2i induce thousands of shared gene expression changes in cardiomyocytes. Image credit: pgen.1011164 02/15/2024 Research Article CryptoCEN: A Co-Expression Network for Cryptococcus neoformans reveals novel proteins involved in DNA damage repair Co-expression analysis of CryptoCEN network identifys 13 new DNA damage response genes. Image credit: pgen.1011158 02/20/2024 Research Article TRPS1 modulates chromatin accessibility to regulate estrogen receptor alpha (ER) binding and ER target gene expression in luminal breast cancer cells TRPS1 orchestrates gene expression, estrogen signaling, and chromatin dynamics to shape cell fitness and impact patient prognosis in luminal breast cancer. Image credit: pgen.1011159 02/20/2024 Research Article IntroUNET: Identifying introgressed alleles via semantic segmentation Deep learning algorithm accurately identifies introgressed alleles at the individual level, unveiling insights into the extent and fitness effects of introgression. Image credit: pgen.1010657 01/31/2024 Research Article Transposon dynamics in the emerging oilseed crop Thlaspi arvense Transposable elements Ty3/Athila drive genome evolution in T. arvense … Image credit: pgen.1011141 01/29/2024 Research Article Precise coordination between nutrient transporters ensures fertility in the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae Reciprocal regulation between lipid transporter lipophorin (Lp) and yolk precursor protein Vg is crucial for proper egg development … Image credit: pgen.1011145 01/29/2024 Research Article Emergence and spread of the barley net blotch pathogen coincided with crop domestication and cultivation history Studying 104 genomes of the barley pathogen Pyrenophora teres f. teres revealed geographically structured populations … Image credit: pgen.1010884 Across PLOS New PLOS journals accepting submissions Five new journals unified in addressing global health and environmental challenges are now ready to receive submissions: PLOS Climate, PLOS Sustainability and Transformation, PLOS Water, PLOS Digital Health, and PLOS Global Public Health COVID-19 Collection The COVID-19 Collection highlights all content published across the PLOS journals relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. Submit your Lab and Study Protocols to PLOS ONE! PLOS ONE is now accepting submissions of Lab Protocols, a peer-reviewed article collaboration with protocols.io, and Study Protocols, an article that credits the work done prior to producing and publishing results. PLOS Reviewer Center A collection of free training and resources for peer reviewers of PLOS journals—and for the peer review community more broadly—drawn from research and interviews with staff editors, editorial board members, and experienced reviewers. Ten Simple Rules PLOS Computational Biology's "Ten Simple Rules" articles provide quick, concentrated guides for mastering some of the professional challenges research scientists face in their careers. of What's happening at PLOS Genetics? Welcome New Associate Editors! PLOS Genetics welcomes several new Associate Editors to our board: Nicolas Bierne, Julie Simpson, Yun Li, Hongbin Ji, Hongbing Zhang, Bertrand Servin, & Benjamin Schwessinger Expanding human variation at PLOS Genetics The former Natural Variation section at PLOS Genetics relaunches as Human Genetic Variation and Disease. Read the editors' reasoning behind this change. PLOS Genetics welcomes new Section Editors Quanjiang Ji (ShanghaiTech University) joined the editorial board and Xiaofeng Zhu (Case Western Reserve University) was promoted as new Section Editors for the PLOS Genetics Methods section. PLOS Genetics editors elected to National Academy of Sciences Congratulations to Associate Editor Michael Lichten and Consulting Editor Nicole King, who are newly elected members of the National Academy of Sciences. Harmit Malik receives Novitski Prize Congratulations to Associate Editor Harmit Malik, who was awarded the Edward Novitski Prize by the Genetics Society of America for his work on genetic conflict. Harmit has also been elected as a new member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences. of Publish with PLOS Submission Instructions Submit Your Manuscript Connect with Us Contact Us RSS PLOS Genetics on Twitter PLOS on Facebook PLOS Blogs Tweets by @plosgenetics Get new content from PLOS Genetics in your inbox PLOS will use your email address to provide content from PLOS Genetics. You can find out more about how PLOS processes your data by reading our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us at privacy@plos.org. Sign up Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to the PLOS Genetics newsletter. Sorry, an error occurred while sending your subscription. Please try again later. Try again PLOS Genetics | ISSN: 1553-7404 (online) Publications PLOS Biology PLOS Climate PLOS Complex Systems PLOS Computational Biology PLOS Digital Health PLOS Genetics PLOS Global Public Health PLOS Medicine PLOS Mental Health PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases PLOS ONE PLOS Pathogens PLOS Sustainability and Transformation PLOS Water Home Blogs Collections Give feedback LOCKSS Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Media Inquiries Contact PLOS is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) corporation, #C2354500, based in San Francisco, California, US