salemnews.com Skip to main content Facebook Email Search SUBSCRIBELOGIN News Local News State News Community News National & World News Business Lifestyles TV Listings Special Sections EXPLORE the Niagara Frontier Puzzles, Comics & Games Comics Puzzles Games Sports Sports Special National Sports Can you beat Burt? Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the editor Magazines Community Celebrations Photos Submit a celebration Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place An Ad Local public notices Massachusetts public notices Submit a Public Notice Celebrations Obituaries E-Edition App Public Notices Contact Us Purchase Photos Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a News Tip Place an Obituary Subscribe Start a Subscription Manage My Subscription E-Paper App Downloads Newsletter Salem News Carrier Route Opportunities Shop Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Search Contact Us Purchase Photos Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit a News Tip Place an Obituary Carrier Routes Available SUBSCRIBE Start a Subscription Manage My Subscription Magazine Subscription E-Paper App Downloads Newsletter Login About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us E-Edition Events Calendar See All Events Add Your Event Celebrations Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Special Sections Puzzles 40° Danvers, MA (01923) Today Areas of patchy fog early. Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain for the afternoon. High 44F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch.. Tonight Rain ending this evening then becoming foggy. Areas of patchy fog developing. Low 41F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 10:40 am Full Forecast Tuesday, March 5, 2024 E-Edition Newsletter Facebook +5 A new era for historic Topsfield oak tree 4 hrs ago TOPSFIELD — An oak tree that’s had a front seat to history received last week special care that locals hope will extend its already impressive life. News Paid parking returns to downtown Peabody with new kiosks By Caroline Enos | Staff Writer 6 hrs ago PEABODY — New smart meters went active in downtown Monday, ending a month-long period of free parking in the center of Tanner City. Sports Salem News Sports Podcast for March 4, 2024 17 hrs ago We recap all of the high school state tournament action from the weekend and analyze the upcoming matchups this week in a jam packed podcast .… +5 News 'We're all like family': Former co-workers come through after fire leaves family homeless By Monica Sager | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 METHUEN — The staff and customers of TGI Fridays on Pleasant Valley Street came together on Thursday to help a former bartender after she lost… News Peabody 9th graders see 20% lower passing rate than rest of state By Caroline Enos | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 PEABODY — Ninth-graders at Peabody Veterans Memorial High School are passing their classes at a rate 20% lower than the state average. But pla… News Paid parking returns to downtown Peabody with new kiosks By Caroline Enos | Staff Writer 6 hrs ago PEABODY — New smart meters went active in downtown Monday, ending a month-long period of free parking in the center of Tanner City. Sports Salem News Sports Podcast for March 4, 2024 17 hrs ago We recap all of the high school state tournament action from the weekend and analyze the upcoming matchups this week in a jam packed podcast .… +5 News 'We're all like family': Former co-workers come through after fire leaves family homeless By Monica Sager | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 METHUEN — The staff and customers of TGI Fridays on Pleasant Valley Street came together on Thursday to help a former bartender after she lost… News Peabody 9th graders see 20% lower passing rate than rest of state By Caroline Enos | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 PEABODY — Ninth-graders at Peabody Veterans Memorial High School are passing their classes at a rate 20% lower than the state average. But pla… News City Hall renovation would begin in 2025 By Paul Leighton | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 BEVERLY — The city is hoping to begin a major renovation of City Hall in the spring of 2025, a project that would close down the building for … +2 Sports Peabody holds off Pope Franics in dramatic third period By Matt Williams | Asst. Sports Editor Mar 3, 2024 SPRINGFIELD — It was the longest distance the Peabody High girls have ever travelled for a playoff hockey game — and it was more than worth the trip. News Area police news 6 hrs ago Beverly News North Shore news in brief 6 hrs ago Peabody Institute Library welcomes LGBTeens News Tax relief seminars taking place this week By Matt Petry | Staff Writer 6 hrs ago SALISBURY — Massachusetts seniors facing financial pressure will have a chance to learn more about how they can get the most out of a recently… +5 National & World News Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack By MARK SHERMAN | Associated Press Mar 4, 2024 Donald Trump says the Supreme Court opinion unanimously restoring him to 2024 presidential primary ballots is a “BIG WIN" for America. The cou… News State floats idea for $60M waterborne hospital By Christian M. Wade | Statehouse Reporter Mar 4, 2024 BOSTON — State health officials are floating the idea of buying a cruise ship and converting it into a waterborne mental health and substance … News Area police news Mar 4, 2024 Beverly News Tax break stage set after councilors narrowly advance pitch By Dustin Luca | Staff Writer Mar 4, 2024 SALEM — The owners of a high-end downtown restaurant are seeking a $32,000 tax break to build out and open a new eatery, but it remains unclea… News Weather outlook: February was one of the warmest on record By Arthur A. Francis Mar 4, 2024 February, like January, is a very cold and stormy winter month — not this year. It was one of our warmest Februaries on record with no signifi… NEWSPAPER ADS Best of The Salem News Where are the best places to shop? Who gives the best haircut? Who cooks the best burger? Vote today for the Best of The Salem News today. Vote! Get your rewards Home delivery and Digital Access customers of The Salem News get deals for restaurants, hotels, attractions and other businesses, locally and across the country. Trending Recipes Trending Videos Local Events Sports Sports Local sports schedule 10 hrs ago TODAY'S SPORTS Sports Monday's area roundup: Generals bow out in second round 14 hrs ago GIRLS BASKETBALL Sports Port hockey team Courtesy PhotoUpdated 13 hrs ago The Newburyport boys hockey team will play Woburn in the Division 2 Quarterfinals on Wednesday. Sports Local sports schedule Mar 4, 2024 TODAY’S SPORTS Sports Weekend area roundup: Chieftains stun defending state champs with third period comeback Mar 3, 2024 BOYS HOCKEY The Salem News Podcasts Check out our series of podcasts on topics from high school football to Halloween in Salem. Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. Special Sections Sports Focus February 2024 Senior Living 2024 Seniors Fall 2023 Photo Galleries +20 Don't Miss This SLIDESHOW: The Marblehead Magicians beat the Peabody Tanners in girls basketball, 38-33 Jaime Campos Feb 6, 2024 +20 Don't Miss This SLIDESHOW: The Masconomet Regional Chieftains beat the Beverly Panthers in girls basketball, 65-38 Jaime Campos Jan 30, 2024 +11 Don't Miss This Rally to encourage a ceasefire in Gaza takes place outside Congressman Seth Moulton’s office Jaime Campos Jan 30, 2024 Videos Salem News Sports Podcast for March 4, 2024 Salem News Sports Podcast for March 4, 2024 2:12 Queen of the Track By Paul Leighton Queen of the Track 0:59 MeVa Amazon stop By Terry Date | tdate@eagletribune.com MeVa Amazon stop Salem News Sports Podcast for February 26, 2024 Salem News Sports Podcast for February 26, 2024 1:06 "Survivor": Meet Charlie Davis CBS "Survivor": Meet Charlie Davis Magazines Special Report Women in Politics series Read Our E-edition See our e-edition for a full replica of today’s newspaper. On Tuesdays and Saturdays, see our special entertainment pages with TV listings, comics and puzzles. Read Our E-edition Obituaries Emanuel J. Boltas Attorney Lorenzo A. "Larry" & Beverly (Cabral) Raimondi Josephine Adele (Gwozdz) Pochask Douglas Pell Smith Katherine "Katie" Jennifer Swisher Edward L. Raynard John B. Beauregard More Obituaries Featured Homes of the Week +4 A portrait of luxury on the North Shore By Amanda Armstrong | Amanda Armstrong Group Editorials Letter: Donors and women voters slide toward Trump Column: A tour of Salem Our view: Ping-ponging on taxes not a good look for Healey Letter: Editorial was wrong on standardized test scores Letter: Baker endorses Yull for GOP State Committee Letter: Get out and vote Our view: Cheers and jeers for local newsmakers More Editorials Business Design Recipes: Space-saving tips +2 How to finance a garage or detached structure and protect your home's value Robocalls, ringless voicemails and AI: Real estate enters the age of automation Design Recipes: Vanities and cabinetry +2 Housing affordability near record low hits Black buyers extra hard Ask Angi: Can I hire a tree service in winter? 2023 was slowest year for US home sales in nearly 30 years as high mortgage rates frustrated buyers More Business News Lifestyles Stop marinating meat. Instead, season then sauce one-pan Florentine pork Say hello to your new favorite pancake recipe Diabetes quick fix: Osso Buco alle Milanese (braised veal shanks) Flakes, fries, chips, and spuds: The powerful economics behind potatoes +2 Pitch the boxed broth! Indian-spiced tomato soup doesn't need it Matisyahu learns how to stay inspired with 'Hold The Fire' SENIOR LOOKOUT: It's time to break out and enjoy spring More Lifestyles News Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented ArticlesNew Cummings Center condo building approvedPool debacle makes splash at city councilSalem Hospital celebrates opening of 'Pingree 5''Wicked Tuna' brings high seas action for 13th seasonArea police newsNorth Shore Community College faculty vote 'no confidence' in presidentSt. John's Prep begins playoffs by getting past Lincoln-SudburyAll-time legend Costa to coach final wrestling meet for St. John's Prep this weekendBettencourt denies resident's request to remove ZBA chairPeabody 9th graders see 20% lower passing rate than rest of state Images Videos CommentedSorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Features Stop marinating meat. Instead, season then sauce one-pan Florentine pork Say hello to your new favorite pancake recipe Diabetes quick fix: Osso Buco alle Milanese (braised veal shanks) National & World News +5 Prisoners with developmental disabilities face unique challenges. One facility is offering solutions 4 hrs ago A Pennsylvania prison unit is helping men with autism and other intellectual and developmental disabilities stay safe behind bars while learning life skills. The unit is the first in the state and one of only a handful nationwide. It provides accommodations to help prisoners who struggle with overstimulation and physical coping needs. There is no comprehensive count on how many prisoners in the U.S. have developmental disabilities, and experts disagree on whether it’s better to segregate them or to provide more accommodations in the general prison population. But they agree on one thing: It’s a growing population that has presented a challenge for prison officials as they try to balance a need for security with disability accommodations. +5 In Hawaii, coral is the foundation of life. What happened to it after the Lahaina wildfire? 9 hrs ago A deadly wildfire burned more than 2,000 buildings in the Hawaiian town of Lahaina on Maui in August and left behind piles of toxic debris. Scientists say there has never been another instance of a large urban fire burning next to a coral reef anywhere in the world. They don’t know how chemicals and metals from burned plastics, lead paint and lithium-ion batteries will affect delicate reef ecosystems. But research now underway could provide the community a sense of how the ocean that shapes their lives is weathering the disaster. It may also inform travelers to Maui’s famed shores whether they should enter the water. +5 Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack Mar 4, 2024 Donald Trump says the Supreme Court opinion unanimously restoring him to 2024 presidential primary ballots is a “BIG WIN" for America. The court Monday rejected state attempts to hold the Republican former president accountable for the Capitol riot. The justices ruled a day before the Super Tuesday primaries that states cannot invoke a post-Civil War constitutional provision to keep presidential candidates from appearing on ballots. The court wrote in an unsigned opinion that that power resides with Congress. The court’s move ends efforts in Colorado, Illinois, Maine and elsewhere to kick Trump off the ballot because of his attempts to undo his loss in the 2020 election to Democrat Joe Biden. +5 The killing of a Georgia nursing student is now at the center of the US immigration debate Mar 2, 2024 The killing of nursing student in Georgia has become an issue in the 2024 presidential campaign. The suspect in last week's slaying of Laken Riley is a Venezuelan man who entered the U.S. illegally and was allowed to stay to pursue his immigration case. Former President Donald Trump blamed President Joe Biden and his border policies for the Augusta University student’s fatal beating. He and other Republicans have suggested migrants are committing crimes more often than U.S. citizens even though the evidence does not back up those claims. Democrats have been more muted. Many expressed sorrow for Riley’s death. Some have accused Trump of exploiting a tragedy and using xenophobic rhetoric for political gain. +4 Germany and Poland say they're not sending troops to Ukraine as the Kremlin warns of a wider war Mar 2, 2024 European heavyweights Germany and Poland insist that they will not send troops to Ukraine. That's after reports said some Western countries may be considering sending ground troops. NATO's chief also says the U.S.-led military alliance has no plans to send troops to Ukraine. The Kremlin, meanwhile, warned of the “inevitability” of a direct conflict between NATO and Russia if the alliance sends them. French President Emmanuel Macron says that sending in Western troops should not be “ruled out” in the future. Slovakia’s prime minister says some countries are considering whether to do it. +5 A wildfire scorching the Texas Panhandle has grown to the largest in state history Mar 1, 2024 A wildfire spreading across the Texas Panhandle has become the largest in state history. Authorities say the Smokehouse Creek fire grew Thursday to nearly 1,700 square miles of scorched rural ranchlands and destroyed homes. The fire has merged with another blaze and is 3% contained. Authorities have not said what ignited the blaze. It has burned since Monday and expanded in size with ferocious speed. The fire has torn through dozens of homes, and officials have cautioned that the full extent of the damage remains unknown. At least one person has died. Featured Local Savings Get Breaking News Sign up now to get our FREE breaking news coverage delivered right to your inbox. Sign-up First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information salemnews.com 300 Rosewood Drive, Suite 107 Danvers, MA 01923 Phone: (978) 922-1234 Email: sn@salemnews.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Submission Forms Subscriber Services California Privacy Policy California Collection Notice Do Not Sell My Info Cookie Preferences Sections Home News Comics Puzzles Sports Celebrations Opinion Obituaries Photos Video Gallery Weather × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Salem News 300 Rosewood Drive, Suite 107, Danvers, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.