The Nature Conservancy: A World Where People & Nature Thrive Close Match Expires at Midnight GIVE NOW interstitialRedirectModalTitle interstitialRedirectModalMessage interstitialRedirectModalRedirectCTA interstitialRedirectModalDismissCTA × Skip to content Language: English English Español Donate What We Do What We Do Our Priorities Tackle Climate Change Protect Ocean, Land & Fresh Water Provide Food & Water Sustainably Our Insights Perspectives Reports Data & Tools About Us About Us Who We Are Our People Our Science Our Accountability How We Work Our History Where We Work Africa Asia Pacific Canada Caribbean Europe India Latin America United States Get Involved Get Involved How To Help Volunteer Attend Events Take Action Calculate Your Carbon Footprint Explore the Places We Protect Educational Resources Membership & Giving Membership & Giving Donate Become a Member Renew Give Monthly Gift & Estate Planning Other Ways to Give English Go Back English Español Show search Renew Donate Search The Nature Conservancy Water Connects Us All Freshwater ecosystems range from glaciers to lowland streams. © Tammy Lee/TNC Photo Contest 2021 Conserving Fresh Water for Life on Earth Freshwater systems are in trouble. But with a fresh approach, we can change the course for the better. Dive In Ways to Get Involved see our work in maryland and d.c. Stepping Up Progress in this Defining Decade Alongside communities, we’re urgently clearing obstacles and finding solutions to the climate and biodiversity crises. Who We Are We are dedicated staff, scientists and members advancing effective, lasting conservation in more than 70 countries and territories. What We Do To make the highest possible impact on the climate and biodiversity crises between now and 2030, we’re developing breakthrough ideas, amplifying local leaders and influencing policy. How To Help There are so many ways to make positive change for our planet. Volunteer with us. Learn how to reduce your carbon footprint. Donate to conservation work. Where We Work Dense rainforests, remote coral reefs and the hearts of major cities. Our strategies are as diverse as the habitats and geographies in which we work. Cascade Head Preserve Forest located on The Nature Conservancy's Cascade Head Preserve, north of Lincoln City, Oregon. © Devan King/TNC Our Mission Conserving the lands and waters on which all life depends Every acre we protect and every river mile we restore begins with you. Your support helps us take on the dual threats of climate change and biodiversity loss across 70+ countries and territories. Donate Now Get our latest conservation news and see how we’re protecting our natural world. Please do not use this field. If you enter anything into this text box your request will not be processed. Thank you. Email address: Please provide a valid email address You’ve already signed up with this email address. To review your email preferences, please visit nature.org/emailpreferences We may have detected a typo. Please enter a valid email address (formatted as name@company.com). Did you mean to type ? Sign Up Our Goals for 2030 We’re racing to hit these targets to help the world reverse climate change and biodiversity loss. Together, we find the paths to make change possible. View Our Priorities 3B Avoid or sequester 3 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually—the same as taking 650 million cars off the road every year. 100M Help 100 million people at severe risk of climate-related emergencies by safeguarding habitats that protect communities. 650M Conserve 650 million hectares—a land area twice the size of India—of biodiverse habitats such as forests, grasslands and desert. 4B Conserve 4 billion hectares of marine habitat—more than 10% of the world’s oceans—through protected areas, sustainable fishing and more. 30M Conserve 1 million kilometers of rivers—enough to stretch 25 times around the globe—plus 30 million hectares of lakes and wetlands. 45M Support the leadership of 45 million people from Indigenous and local communities in stewarding their environment and securing rights. View Our Priorities What’s New in Nature Recent updates, immersive stories and relevant explainer articles from around The Nature Conservancy. Protecting a Freshwater Marvel Historic agreement protects Follensby Pond, creates innovative freshwater research preserve and expands public access in the Adirondacks. Read About The Agreement Trailblazers: Women in Fire Female fire professionals are blazing new career trails while harnessing the power of fire to restore forests. Learn More Nature Conservancy Magazine Restoring Alabama Rivers Jason Throneberry, a TNC director for freshwater, talks endangered Alabama sturgeon, fish cannons and trying to save fish species he's never seen. read the article more magazine stories AT HOME ON THE RIVER Jason Throneberry, photographed at the headwaters of Alabama’s Cahaba River, has spent years helping to restore freshwater species in the rivers of the southern U.S. © Cary Norton Women in Conservation Women in Climate Women in Climate is an initiative to build a diverse coalition of leaders who will drive inclusive, collaborative and innovative solutions to climate change built on intersectional equity. Women in Conservation Meet a few of the incredible women in Pennsylvania and Delaware who are working with TNC to create a better and more sustainable natural world for future generations. Mother Mangrove: The Women Saving Kenya's Mangrove Forests How the Mtangawanta Women's Association is protecting and restoring mangroves in Kenya. How Women Contribute to Conservation Around the World Women help the global conservation community achieve success despite setbacks, obstacles, and a global pandemic. Nature Needs You There are so many ways you can get involved and do your part to support a world where people and nature thrive together. Volunteer Visit a Preserve Take an Action Donate to Our Mission Find a Local Chapter Dive into your local chapter and explore what The Nature Conservancy has been doing in your community. Region Africa Asia Pacific Canada Caribbean Europe India Latin America United States State or province Select State or Province Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawai’i Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland and D.C. Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Find Chapter Fishermen from Pate Island in Lamu County pull a beach seine net in the Indian Ocean waters. © Mwangi Kirubi Site Footer Explore Our Mission Our Accountability Newsroom Magazine Find Events Volunteer Connect Contact Us Careers FAQ Ethics Helpline Give Donate Now Membership Gift & Estate Planning Sign Up for E-News Email: Please do not use this field. If you enter anything into this text box your request will not be processed. Thank you. Sign Up Please provide valid email address You’ve already signed up with this email address. To review your email preferences, please visit nature.org/emailpreferences We may have detected a typo. Please enter a valid email address (formatted as name@company.com). Did you mean to type ? Email: Sign Up Sign Up Sign Up Sign Up Sign Up Get text updates from The Nature Conservancy: Sign Up Please provide valid mobile number See Mobile Terms & Conditions Get text updates from The Nature Conservancy: Social Global Sites Australia Brazil Canada China India Mexico Hong Kong (China): English 中文 Indonesia: English Bahasa The Nature Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 53-0242652) under Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Global sites represent either regional branches of The Nature Conservancy or local affiliates of The Nature Conservancy that are separate entities. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2024 The Nature Conservancy Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Charitable Solicitation Disclosures | Mobile Terms & Conditions | Notice of Nondiscrimination | Close We personalize nature.org for you This website uses cookies to enhance your experience and analyze performance and traffic on our website. To manage or opt-out of receiving cookies, please visit our Privacy Notice . I Accept × Final Match Opportunity Donate by midnight and every $1 becomes $2 for nature. Give Now