QR.net - Your QR code generator to create QR codesShow/hide navigationQR code generatorGenerator(current)ScanPremiumFAQStatisticsContactSign up Login English Deutsch (German) English español (Spanish) Nederlands (Dutch)or ...Welcome to QR.netA QR code generator for creating individual, dynamic QR codes. To the QR code generator What is a QR Code?A QR code - an abbreviation of Quick Response Code - is a two-dimensional code that can encrypt several thousand characters. It can for example store information about the product the code is attached to or link to a destination URL.Are there different kinds of QR codes? A distinction is made between static and dynamic QR codes. You can get a static QR code for free, while you have to pay for a dynamic QR code. What advantages does a dynamic QR code offer? The advantages of a dynamic QR code are obvious. You can subsequently change the encoded destination URL at any time or correct errors without having to change the QR code yourself. This saves your valuable time and money! In addition, every time someone scans your dynamic QR code information is gathered and put into statistics. This way you can easily measure the success of your campaign. A dynamic QR code is also advantageous for long destination URLs, since each dynamic QR code receives its own short URL. This ensures that fewer characters must be encrypted in the code and that the generated QR code graphics can be better printed and read with a QR code scanner. What does QR.net offer?Dynamic QR codes – optimized for easier printing and better scanningFurther functions, such as an interfaceDetailed statisticsFair priced premium membershipPersonal contact personWhat can I use QR codes for? There are nearly no limits for the use of QR Codes. Simply put your QR code for example on your poster, your business cards, your flyers, packaging or clothing and reach your potential customers & followersprovide more information about your productbring potential customers & followers to your (corporate) website or blogpromote your social media presenceetc.Why should I pay for a dynamic QR code? The answer is quite simple: the information in dynamic QR codes can be changed as often as desired, without having to change the QR code itself. Imagine the following situation: You have created a static QR code that you want to link to a subpage of your website. You put these QR codes on countless items such as posters, flyers or packaging. After some time, however, you have to make changes to this subpage or its URL, so the encoded information is out of date and your customers are no longer landing on the subpage where you wanted them to land. Now you have two options: either you can generate a new static QR code that you need to reprint and distribute once again or you can use a more efficient, time and ressource saving option: the dynamic QR Code. Premium membershipYou want to see the numerous advantages of our service for yourself? Then test our offer with your own dynamic QR code or try out our premium membership .What can I use QR codes for? More answers and questions about the topic QR code creation? Create your QR code with statisticsQR.net is a QR code generator for generating individual QR codes. Create a dynamic QR Code at QR.net. This has the great advantage that you can change it later and view detailed statistics about usage. Our dynamic QR code is also an advantage when using it for long destination URLs because the generated QR code is less complex and can therefore easier be printed and scanned by a QR code scanner.Target site (URL) of your QR codeMust begin with http:// or https://EmailYour email address is necessary so that you can change your dynamic QR code later and view statisticsFirst nameNameThis field must not be filled Create QR code QR Code is a registered trademark of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED in the United States and other countries. ©2011-2024 qr.net | Privacy | ImprintQR Code Generator QR Code Generator QR Code Generator QR Code Generator QR Code Infos