Local and national news, NPR, things to do, food recommendations and guides to Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire | LAist Support for LAist comes from Become a sponsor LAist logo Local and national news, NPR, things to do, food recommendations and guides to Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire Donate The Brief AirTalk News Criminal Justice Housing and Homelessness Civics & Democracy Transportation and Mobility Climate and Environment Gardening & Outdoors Health Education Food Play In LA Arts and Entertainment LA History Orange County News Special Reports Criminal Justice Housing and Homelessness Civics & Democracy Transportation and Mobility Climate and Environment Gardening & Outdoors Health Education Food Play In LA Arts and Entertainment LA History Orange County News Special Reports How To LA Imperfect Paradise Podcasts All Programs Events Newsletters Support Us Ways to Support Become a Sustainer Make a One-Time Gift Update Your Credit Card Donate Your Vehicle Make a Gift of Stock Include LAist in Your Will Member Benefits Annual Gala Ways to Support Become a Sustainer Make a One-Time Gift Update Your Credit Card Donate Your Vehicle Make a Gift of Stock Include LAist in Your Will Member Benefits Annual Gala About Us Mission Board of Trustees Regional Advisory Council Leadership Staff Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Partnerships Press Releases Advertising Policy Jobs Editorial Ethics & Guidelines Contact Us Become an LAist Source Republishing Our Work How To Listen Support Us Annual Gala Public Files Mission Board of Trustees Regional Advisory Council Leadership Staff Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Partnerships Press Releases Advertising Policy Jobs Editorial Ethics & Guidelines Contact Us Become an LAist Source Republishing Our Work How To Listen Support Us Annual Gala Public Files Stay Connected twitter instagram facebook LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network. Menu Listen Donate News Listen Donate Voter Game Plan AirTalk Things To Do Program Schedule How To Listen Podcasts In Brief Last-Minute Voters LAist's Voter Game Plan is here to help Your Morning LA Report Listen: Election day, College admissions, more Sunny And Pleasant Highs in mid 60s College Admissions How can college admissions be more transparent? No Merger After All Spirit and JetBlue abandon plans officially Super Tuesday: Election Day Is Here LAist's Voter Game Plan here to help. LA County's Voter Game Plan Everything you need as you finalize your votes for judges, DA, LA County supervisors, L.A. City Council, LAUSD board and more... Start Here If You're Short On Time 4 key races that pack the most punch in L.A.: City Council, Board of Supervisors, District Attorney, and LAUSD's board. Orange County's Voter Game Plan We get you ready with guides to the judges, OC County supervisors, Huntington Beach ballot measures, and more. LA Superior Court Judges Evaluating judicial candidates is notoriously hard, but there are a few pieces of information you can look at to help with your decision. LA City Council Your overview to the L.A. City Council races and issues. On the ballot: Districts 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14. LA County District Attorney There are a 11 candidates running against incumbent George Gascón to be L.A. County's next District Attorney. Civics & Democracy What We Know So Far About LA And OC Voter Turnout In The 2024 Primary Election A look at how many showed up to vote in the March 5 primary, either in person or by mail, and how it compares to previous elections. Previewing Tuesday’s Local Primary Elections Across Southern California Today on AirTalk, Breaking down Tuesday’s local primary elections. Also on the show, a new bill targets legacy admissions in higher education; the future of sports journalism; Larry Interviews Nisha Pahuja on her new documentary ‘To Kill A Tiger’; and more. Today on AirTalk:Local Primary Election PreviewsBill Targets Legacy AdmissionsSports Journalism Is Being GuttedStatewide And National Election Preview‘To Kill A Tiger’ Director InterviewNew Book ‘Rapper’s Deluxe’ Listen • 1:39:19 Episode Detail FilmWeek: ‘Dune: Part Two,’ “The Reverend,’ ‘Megamind vs The Doom Syndicate’ And More Larry Mantle and LAist film critics Lael Loewenstein and Tim Cogshell review this weekend’s new movie releases in theaters, streaming, and on demand platforms. Today on FilmWeek:We review Dune: Part Two, The Reverend, Megamind vs The Doom Syndicate and moreLarry Mantle, Lael Loewenstein and Tim Cogshell discuss the Oscar nominees for international feature film ahead the March 10 ceremony Listen • 30:36 Episode Detail Education I Didn't Get Into My Dream College. What Did I Do Wrong? College admissions is a black box. What might make the process of acceptance and rejection more transparent? Housing and Homelessness LA Council President Criticizes Anti-Camping Analysis, As Agency Stands By Its Findings Analysis of a major homelessness enforcement policy, first reported by LAist, found 41.18 zones have failed to keep areas clear of encampments and get people housed. Civics & Democracy Why Are There Holes In My Mail-In Ballot Envelope? Don’t worry. They’re not for seeing your votes inside. Play In LA After The Rain Come The Wildflowers! Here’s Where We Stand On This Year’s Blooms After the recent atmospheric rivers, it's time to check in on two popular wildflower spots to get the skinny on this year's post-storm bloom. Arts and Entertainment Best Things To Do This Week In LA And Southern California Madonna to Michele Norris, flamenco to food festivals, Warhol shorts to Oscars shorts. And don’t forget to vote! Civics Tuesday Voting Rights: Why California Lawmakers May Translate More Ballots Advocates say California’s immigrant citizens who need it should get ballots and voting help in their own language. Understanding Why Declaring Winners May Take A Minute Taking our sweet time is a feature, not a bug, of California's election system. Support your source for local and NPR news today! 2024 will be an important year for reliable local and national reporting. Help us continue to highlight LA stories, hold the powerful accountable, and amplify community voices. Your support keeps local journalism strong. Stand with LAist today. Donate Now Monthly Donation One-Time Donation $5/mo $10/mo $15/mo $20/mo $60 $120 $180 $240 Continue Featured Events This Week This Weekend Next Week All Events Event The Prose Bowl: A Night Of Spoken Word with Get Lit Get Lit youth poets, standout local artists, and a nationally-renowned featured poet will get together for a night of spoken word performance with host Mason Granger. Get Tickets Event Site & Sounds: The Huntington Celebrate the legacy of Sargent Claude Johnson and the WPA through artmaking, musical performances, and in-gallery talks at this free event for visitors of all ages. Get Tickets LAist Promise Tracker Why It's So Hard To Know How Many Unhoused People Mayor Bass Has Housed Mayor Bass made an ambitious campaign pledge to address homelessness by housing 17,000 Angelenos. We’ve been trying to keep tabs, but it’s complicated. Mayor Bass' Progress On Homelessness, In 6 Charts Here's how Mayor Bass did on her campaign promises on homelessness during her first year in office. Podcasts Imperfect Paradise The LA Report The Academy Museum Podcast How To LA LA Made: The Barbie Tapes from LAist Studios View All Podcasts Best Of LAist OC Officials Say Millions Meant To Feed Vulnerable Residents Are Unaccounted For New county letters obtained by LAist find that a nonprofit led by an O.C. supervisor’s 22-year-old daughter has failed to prove what it did with more than $4 million intended to feed needy residents during the pandemic. California Universities Are Required To Offer Students Abortion Pills. A Lot Just Don't Mention It One year after California became the first state to require that its public universities provide the abortion pill to students, LAist found that basic information on where or how students can obtain the medication is lacking and, often, nonexistent. How One Man In A Canoe Found Beauty In The Troubled Salton Sea Photographer Sicco Rood paddled two-thirds of the way around California's largest lake and says the dystopian narrative is wrong. Education Cal State LA Has An Asbestos Problem. Students And Faculty Want It Fixed After years of notifications and warnings, CSU Los Angeles students and employees protested that the university isn’t doing enough to communicate whether they’re safe from asbestos. To Promote Reproductive Health And Abortion Rights, Universities Turn To Student Ambassadors For years colleges have used peer educators to promote health messages to the student body. The most recent task: awareness of medication abortion. Teachers Unions Often Pick Winning School Board Candidates. Will This LAUSD Election Be Different? Candidates endorsed by United Teachers Los Angeles have a significant edge — but a misstep can also be costly. LA History The Tangled History Of Residential Hotels In DTLA As Los Angeles boomed in the 20th century, more and more workers needed places to stay. Residential hotels sprung up — often offering bare bone rooms which still exist today. Fact Or Fiction? Hollywood’s Madams In The Golden Age Sex and the studios were once a dangerous pair. A Brief History Of How Los Angeles Became A Land Of Billboard Lawyers The latest entrant to this crowded, crowded field is Anh Phoong, hailing from Sacramento. You may have seen her blue and yellow billboards around town. More Stories Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The LA County Central Committee Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The US House Of Representatives Race Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The LA Superior Court Judges Race Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The LA City Council Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The Vote On Proposition 1 Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The California State Senate Race Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: Live Results: What We Know So Far In The LA County Supervisors Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The California State Assembly Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The US Senator Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In LAUSD Board Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: Live Results: What We Know So Far In The LA County Supervisors Races Watch this space for live results once the polls close. Civics & Democracy Live Results: What We Know So Far In The Orange County Races Join us for live results once the polls close. Load More Latest From Our Reporters Nick Gerda LA Council President Criticizes Anti-Camping Analysis, As Agency Stands By Its Findings (he/him/his) Kevin Tidmarsh LA Region Should Start Drying Out By This Afternoon, As Snow Continues To Fall In Sierra Nevada (He/Him) Robert Garrova Would Prop. 1 Divert Money From LA County’s Unarmed Crisis Response Efforts? (he/him) Erin Stone Live Results Tonight: LA County Supervisors (she/her) Makenna Sievertson What We Know So Far About LA And OC Voter Turnout In The 2024 Primary Election (she/her) Jacob Margolis How You Can Help Refill LA's Aquifers By Capturing Stormwater At Home (he/him) Yusra Farzan It's Almost Time For The Oscars. Here's How The Road Closures Might Affect Your Commute (she/her) Support for LAist comes from Become a sponsor Keep up with our local independent news The Top 5 newsletter catches you up with LA’s top 5 stories in just 3 minutes. Subscribe Stay Connected twitter instagram facebook LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network. About Us LAist Staff Careers Advertising Contact Us Support Us Newsletters Editorial Ethics & Guidelines Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion EEO Public Reports FFC Public Files KPCC-FM FCC Public Files KUOR-FM FCC Public Files KVLA-FM FCC Public Files KJAI-FM FCC Applications Public Notices © 2024 Southern California Public Radio - All Rights ReservedTerms of Service Privacy Policy Play Live Radio Next Up: 0:00 0:00 Available On Air Stations On Air Now Playing LAist 89.3 Listen All Streams