Carl Zimmer - carlzimmer.com Toggle navigation Home About Writing Articles Blog Newsletter Books The Best American Science and Nature Writing 2023 Life’s Edge: The Search for What It Means to Be Alive She Has Her Mother’s Laugh A Planet of Viruses Evolution: Making Sense of Life The Tangled Bank Science Ink Parasite Rex Brain Cuttings microcosm The Descent of Man Evolution: The Triumph of an Idea Soul Made Flesh At the Water’s Edge Smithsonian Intimate Guide to Human Origins Podcasts Talks Upcoming Talks Past Talks To Beginning Writers To Teachers Contact Carl Zimmer Carl Zimmer is an award-winning New York Times columnist and the author of 14 books about science. His newest book is Life’s Edge: The Search For What It Means To Be Alive. Subscribe to “Friday’s Elk,” Zimmer’s email newsletter, for updates on books, talks and other news. Life’s Edge: The Search For What It Means To Be Alive Zimmer travels the mysterious borderland between the living and the non-living in his latest book, reckoning with a question that still bedevils scientists and philosophers alike: what is life? Publisher’s Weekly calls Life’s Edge “a pop science tour de force.” A New York Times Book Review Notable Book of the Year. Read more about the book here. Buy Now She Has Her Mother’s Laugh An exploration of the most intimate mystery of all: how our ancestors help make us who we are. She Has Her Mother’s Laugh traces the history of heredity as a scientific question and a cultural touchstone. Chosen as a Notable Book of the Year by The New York Times Book Review, and the best science book of 2018 byThe Guardian. Read more here. Buy Now A Planet of Viruses In this slender volume, Zimmer introduces readers to the most abundant form of life on Earth. A Planet of Viruses reveals how viruses hold sway over the biosphere, how they produce new diseases, and how we can use viruses for our own benefit. Amazon | University of Chicago Press | Barnes & Noble | IndieBound Evolution: Making Sense of Life A history and introduction to the most important idea in all of biology. Evolution recounts Darwin’s discovery of his theory of evolution and surveys how it illuminates all of life—from sex to death, from brains to bacteria. Amazon | Barnes & Noble | IndieBound You can find out more about other books by Carl Zimmer here. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Special Thanks