Association for Information Systems (AIS) eLibrary Home Search Browse All Content My Account About Digital Commons Network™ Skip to main content eLibrary HomeAIS HomeeLibrary LoginJoin AIS Welcome to AIS eLibrary Welcome to the AIS eLibrary, your central repository for research papers and journal articles from the information systems academic community. Created and maintained for AIS Members and AIS eLibrary Subscribers. Many authors may already have an established author ID with Bepress. If so, then be sure that your AIS Membership ID and your BePress Author ID are the same eMail ID. You will then be able to 'View' all content in the AIS eLibrary. Browse the Scholarly Research Collections: Follow AIS Journals & Affiliated Journals AIS SIG Proceedings AIS Chapter & College Proceedings Affiliated Conference Proceedings & Archives ICIS Proceedings AMCIS Proceedings ECIS Proceedings PACIS Proceedings Browse the Teaching & Member Collections: AIS Webinar Collections IS Institutional Directory Teaching Resources Digital Academy If you are a prospective member, please take a look at our member benefits or join or subscribe today! AIS eLibrary Subscription Tiers Pricing Options Individual Subscriber $90 Community College Subscription $498 MIS Quarterly Executive $495 University Subscription $2,377 Government/Corporate Entity Subscriber $3,099 Acceptance Policy Update: There is a $200 production fee for articles accepted for publication in official AIS journals with no AIS member authors (Bylaw 11.2). The fee is to defray the costs of post-acceptance publication of articles. To prevent delay in the publishing of your article, please ensure that at least one author is a member of AIS. You can also join AIS at any time for this and many other benefits. For questions regarding this policy, please email for additional assistance. At a GlanceTop 10 DownloadsAll time Recent Additions20 most recent additionsActivity by year Paper of the Day Towards Effective Peripherial Chatbot Communication with Adjustable Intensity of Content Changes Kamil Bortko, Kacper Fornalczyk, et al. Search Enter search terms: Select context to search: in this repository across all repositories Advanced Search Notify me via email or RSS Links Research Code of Conduct Code of Ethics & Professional Conduct Code Conduct for AIS Meetings Discussion Thread Code of Conduct Join AIS Browse All Content Authors JAIS CAIS TRR THCI MISQE PAJAIS Author Corner eLibrary FAQ Submit an Author-Video Here Elsevier - Digital Commons Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement Privacy Copyright