Siliconindia : A Leading Business Enterprises & Industries Magazine Siliconindia Advertisewith us Toggle navigation Home News Viewpoint Startup Technology Magazines Conferences Subscribe About Us Awards India US ON THE DECK ‹ › SI 20 UK Navigating The New Normal: The Pandemicdriven Surge In Corporate Cloud Integrati The COVID-19 pandemic has ushered in an era of unprecedented challenges, prompting organizations worldwide to reassess their operational paradigms. Pentagon Affirms Strong Military Partnership Between US and India In the recent press briefing at the Pentagon, Deputy Press Secretary Sabrina Singh underscored the robust military-to-military relationship Siliconindia Devops Emerging Patterns in Development Operations Development Operations, less formally known as DevOps, can be understood as various concepts. A philosophy. How the U.S. Can Promote a Free and Open Indo-Pacific Region The United States, as an Indo-Pacific nation, remains steadfast in its dedication to advancing a collective vision for an open, prosperous, secure Sliconindia australia Marriage of Technical Sales Calling with Digital Marketing Digital marketing benefits businesses by giving access to the mass market at an affordable price. It gives you a global reach, web analytics Sliconindia australia Data Governance, Taking control of your Data In Data governance is a requirement in today's fast-moving and highly competitive enterprise environment. Pyatt Calls for Progress in India-US Civil Nuclear Partnership The evolving energy partnership between India and the United States stands as a testament to their shared commitment to advancing SI 20 UK Knowing the Start-up Ecosystem The current economic climate presents a unique set of challenges for start-ups in their quest for funding. US Diplomats Aim to Reinvigorate India-US Ties In a significant diplomatic move, a delegation of top U.S. diplomats is set to travel to Delhi to engage in discussions concerning a range of crucial ‹ › Ambassador Sandhu Reflects on the Evolving India-US Relationship The departing Indian Ambassador to the United States,... The Political Influence of Indian Americans in the United States The commencement of the 2024 United States election season marked a significant moment for Indian American representation India-US Tech Partnership Driving Future Collaboration In the fast accelerated global technology landscape, the relationship between India and the United States holds pivotal significance, poised to shape Indian Ambassador Taranjit Singh Sandhu Stresses Vital Role of Indian Americans The ongoing Indian Ambassador to the United States, Taranjit Singh Sandhu, emphasized the critical significance of the US-India INDIAN APPS, Once again...welcome to our Play Store, says Google Google has accepted to restore the delisted Indian apps in Google Play Store and will discuss & operate on... IREDA Intends to Explore International Market presence for Cheaper Funds ndian Renewable Energy Development Agency which is a state run organization is going to hit international markets for cheaper sources of fu Healthians' Revenue Touches Rs.169 Cr in FY22 & Exhibits Loss 2.7X To Rs.122 Cr Gurgaon based Healthtech startup Healthians is aiming to 500 crore revenue with profit and benefits in FY23. Maruti Suzuki Unveils Ambitious SUV-Centric Strategy Maruti Suzuki India is embarking on an ambitious SUV-centric strategy, with plans to launch at least six... IBM Expands India Tech Labs to Drive Global Adoption of AI and Key Technologies IBM has unveiled plans to expand its Technology Expert Labs capacity in India, emphasizing a strategic focus on accelerating the adoption... Tripura-Bangladesh Trade Soars Over 94% in 5 Years In his budget presentation for 2024-25, Tripura Finance Minister Pranajit Singha Roy revealed a remarkable 94.04% surge in trade... IIT Guwahati Unite with Canadian and Japanese Universities for Research Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati strengthens global ties... IIT Kanpur's eMasters Program Surpasses 1,000 Enrollments IIT Kanpur achieves a major milestone with 1,000 enrollments in its eMasters program launched in January 2022. The program, targeting... BITS Pilani with Partners, Secures SATHI Project for Research Works BITS Pilani, in collaboration with its cluster partners, has been granted the SATHI (Sophisticated Analytical and Technical Help Institute). Stonehill International School Promotes Global Collaboration in Education Stonehill International School in Bangalore hosted the International Baccalaureate (IB) Workshop, facilitating collaborative learning and... Facebook pulls down over 3 billion fake accounts Facebook has removed more than three billion fake accounts in the October 2018-March 2019 period, saying... Global IT spending to reach $3.8 tn in 2019: Gartner Global IT spending is projected to total $3.76 trillion in 2019, an increase of 3.2 per cent from 2018, a new report by market research firm Tesla Model 3 deliveries in Europe facing delay: Report Electric vehicle maker Tesla, which officially started deliveries of its Model 3 in Europe late last month Health Minister Promotes Holistic Healthcare with Ayush-ICMR Research Center Launch Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare Mansukh Mandaviya emphasized the potential of blending Ayush... Upgraded Chitra Heart Valve Implanted in 40 Patients in Pilot Project The Ministry of Science & Technology announced the successful implantation of the second-generation Chitra heart valve in 40 patients... Prof Gregg L. Semenza Receives Genome Valley Excellence Award at BioAsia 2024 In a prestigious ceremony at the 21st edition of BioAsia, Telangana Chief Minister A. Revanth Reddy was conferred the Genome Valley... 'India's Most Wanted' a game-changer of Bollywood In a milieu of bustling violence, terrorism has been reduced to a formula in our cinema. A pretext to show... Artist Nalini Malani wins Joan Miro prize Artist Nalini Malani has won the seventh edition of the Joan Miro Prize, an international award that comes with a 70,000-Euro ($78,000) cash After campaign from 12K km away, BJP overseas group in US celebrates win After a four-month campaign from 12,000 kilometres away for Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Overseas Friends of BJP-USA (OFBJP) is plannin Samsung Unveils Galaxy F15 5G in India Samsung introduced its latest smartphone, the Galaxy F15 5G, in India, featuring a powerful 6000mAh battery... Nokia Launches G42 Smartphone with 4GB RAM in India HMD Global, the licensee of Nokia smartphones, introduced the Nokia G42 5G in India last October. Now, the company has unveiled a new... NARZO Series Aims for Top Spot on Amazon in Mid-Range Revolution In a testament to the discerning nature of Indian consumers and the unbeatable allure of Amazon, realme's NARZO series has emerged... Tata Power Solar Renews Partnership with Union Bank of India Tata Power Solar Systems Ltd has renewed and expanded its... Paytm's Parent Company One97 Communications Takes Strategic Steps Amid Regulatory Scrutiny In a significant move aimed at reducing dependencies and addressing regulatory concerns, One97 Communications, the parent company of the Pay AiSensy Revolutionizes Business Transactions with WhatsApp Payments Integration In a groundbreaking move, AiSensy, a leading provider of WhatsApp Marketing solutions, has incorporated the advanced WhatsApp Payments... Dvara Money and Jana SFB Join Forces for Innovative Banking Solutions Dvara Money (DM) has announced a strategic partnership with Jana Small Finance Bank Limited (Jana SFB) to enhance their digital banking... CleanMax, Bangalore International Airport Sign 25-Year PPA for 45.9 MW Solar-Wind Project CleanMax, a commercial and industrial renewable energy firm, has inked a 25-year power purchase agreement... Adani Group to Electrify Intra-City Transport with Electric Buses Adani Enterprises, in collaboration with consortium partner EKA Mobility, has ventured into the electric mass mobility sector by... Josler Hydrocarbons' milestone MoU with MNGL for preventing gas leaks Josler Hydrocarbons India Pvt Ltd, a well-established gas leak detection firm based in Ahmedabad, has taken a pioneering step in... Nokia Partners with IISc to Advance 6G Tech in Line with PM Modi's Vision Telecommunications equipment giant Nokia has joined forces with the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) to... Ayodhya's Tourism Boom Sparks Demand for Branded Hotels A recent study by a leading hotel management consultancy predicts a significant surge in tourism for Ayodhya, driven by the construction... EaseMyTrip to Build 5-Star Hotel in Ayodhya, Share Price Surges EaseMyTrip, a prominent travel agency, has unveiled plans to construct a luxurious five-star hotel in Ayodhya near the Sri Ram Mandir... SI 20 DACH Top Vendors SI 100 Top Vendors SI Tech 20 Top Vendors Devops Top Vendors SI Tech 20 Top Vendors SI 20 UK Top Vendors Featured Vendors RIB Consulting: Leveraging Lean Kaizen to offer the Best Services Vertebrand: Scientifically Leveraging Brand Value of Businesses Since 2000 Three Commas: Walking Along With Clients to Help Them Grow Their Business Ecoforge: Aiding Clean Energy Sector through Advisory Services IT's Sambhav: Globalizing Midsized IT Products & Service Firms Bizminder: Serving SMEs & MSMEs through its Three Ace Approach siliconindia © 2024 siliconindia.com All rights reserved.Privacy Policy | Editorial Policy | Feedback Policy