Hyphanet Twitter Mastodon Hyphanet About Volunteer Documentation Download Help Language ru fr Hyphanet Hyphanet is a peer-to-peer platform for censorship-resistant and privacy-respectingpublishing and communication. The original Freenet. Looking for Locutus?It is now named Freenet; the team of the original Freenet continues development as Hyphanet.Read more Download Install Hyphanet Learn Protect your privacy Contribute Protect internet privacy and freedom More Reclaim Your Privacy! Hyphanet makes it easy to publish and follow what others publish with strong privacy protections. Plugins built on its decentralized data store make it very easy to host your own website and provide microblogging and forums, media sharing from files to video-on-demand and decentralized version tracking, blogging and spam resistance without central authority. For an easy start you can join the global Opennet. For maximum privacy, connect to your friends and build a friend-to-friend network independent of and invisible to any centralized server. To access the global network, you either need some friends who also connect to opennet, or use the Shoeshop plugin to build a sneakernet that can even bridge separate friend-to-friend networks when your regional internet itself gets severed from the global information network. Lots of additional information about Hyphanet and its history is available on Wikipedia. Secret Identities Create yours so you can speak more freely Websites Browse sites ranging from programming to sustainable living and publish your own Forums Ask questions and exchange ideas Platform Use decentralized applications built on the Hyphanet platform and create your own What's New Freenet renamed to Hyphanet 2023-06-26 In early 2023, the board of Freenet Project, Inc - the nonprofit that started work in 1999 - decided to rename its new project Locutus to "Freenet." This required that Freenet change its name. Locutus began development in 2019, and has different... Freenet build 1497: fix severe path folding vulnerability 2023-03-04 Freenet 0.7.5 build 1497 is now available. Install Freenet for Windows, for GNU/Linux, macOS and other *nixes, or for Android. See the download page for more information and other platforms. This release fixes a severe vulnerability in path folding... Freenet build 1496: fix keepalive, translations, windows 2023-01-11 Freenet 0.7.5 build 1496 is now available. Install Freenet for Windows, for GNU/Linux, macOS and other *nixes, or for Android. See the download page for more information and other platforms. This is a smaller release that provides three improvements... Freenet build 1495: new user experience and performance 2022-12-29 Freenet 0.7.5 build 1495 is now available. Install Freenet for Windows, for GNU/Linux, macOS and other *nixes, or for Android. See the download page for more information and other platforms. This build improves four broad areas: new users user... News Archives Why we do this I worry about my child and the Internet all the time, even though she's too young to have logged on yet. Here's what I worry about. I worry that 10 or 15 years from now, she will come to me and say Daddy, where were you when they took freedom of the press away from the Internet Mike Godwin / Electronic Frontier Foundation Hyphanet Navigate with Freedom Twitter Mastodon gro.tcejorpteneerf@sserp gro.tcejorpteneerf@troppus IRC: #freenet on irc.libera.chat Licensed under the GDFL. Website source repository