MDG Fund | Delivering on commitments About Us Our Approach Our work Our Programmes Library English Español Français Contact Us Knowledge Management The MDG-F is no longer active. We have started a new initiative, the Sustainable Development Goals Fund! Please visit us at www.sdgfund.org. Warning: This website is closed. Be aware of phishing or social engineering fraudulent requests of payments or certificates. Children, Food Security & Nutrition Tackling child hunger & under nutrition Gender Equality & Women's Empowerment Increasing women’s access to equality & opportunity Environment & Climate Change Reducing vulnerabilities & helping communities adapt to climate change Youth, Employment & Migration Promoting productive & decent work for young people Democratic Economic Governance Democratizing access to services & utilities Development & the Private Sector Promoting inclusive markets & pro-poor development Conflict Prevention & Peacebuilding Fostering an enabling environment for development Culture & Development Protecting & enhancing cultural rights & political participation Explore our programme areas 1Children, Food Security & Nutrition 2Gender Equality & Women's Empowerment 3Environment & Climate Change 4Youth, Employment & Migration 5Democratic Economic Governance 6Development & the Private Sector 7Conflict Prevention & Peacebuilding 8Culture & Development © Isabel Delgado Changing Lives At the 2014 UN General Assembly, the MDG-F presented an interactive photo exhibit showcasing how our work impacted 9 million lives across the globe. >> changinglives.mdgfund.org << From the MDGs to the SDGs Substantial progress has been made regarding the MDGs. The world has already realized the first MDG of halving the extreme poverty rate by 2015. However, the achievements have been uneven. The MDGs are set to expire in 2015 and the discussion of a post-2015 agenda continues. The focus is now on building a sustainable world where environmental sustainability, social inclusion, and economic development are equally valued. The SDG Fund, building on the experience and lessons learned from the MDG Achievement Fund, is the first mechanism specifically created to achieve the SDGs. MDGs IN IMAGES Photo Essay: Turning on the tap around the world The MDG-F helped bring safe drinking water to more than half a million people and supported water and sanitation laws, policies and plans affecting almost 32 million. SDG Fund/UNDP approved joint programmes New joint programmes approved by SDG-F Steering Committee >> www.sdgfund.org << THE MDG-F'S IMPACT Some 9 million people have benefited from our 130 programmes across 5 continents, funded by the Government of Spain and implemented jointly by 27 UN agencies and thousands of local and national governments, civil society organizations and — most importantly — citizens themselves. See more results of our work in 50 countries around the world to reduce inequalities and spur progress towards the Millennium Development Goals. Our Results 1.67 million children and 800,000 women have better nutrition. More than half a million people have new access to safe and affordable drinking water. 400,000 young people are building peace and preventing conflict in their countries. 630,000 women and girls have new access to violence prevention and protection services. 12,300 cultural entrepreneurs have accessed new markets and increased their income. New and renovated cultural infrastructures are serving 2.3 million people and helping to reduce poverty. 190,000 young people acquired new skills through training programmes to make them more employable. 642,000 people have benefitted from programmes to reduce youth unemployment. 1.4 million people are protecting their environment by managing their communities’ natural resources. 31 million people have benefitted from 276 new laws, policies and plans for better water and sanitation services. Our work has impacted 9 million people around the globe. Our programmes reached 1 million indigenous people and more than 2 million children worldwide. The MDG-F’s programmes reached more than half a million young people around the world. more results Where We Work PublicationsFrom our programmesfull view » To Support Dispute Resolution in Multicultural Communities From our knowledge partnershipsfull view » A review of practices from joint programmes of the United Nations more publications Information About Us What We Do Where We Work Our Programmes Resources Success Stories Videos Sign In FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS wiki.mdgfund.net #ABetterPlace abetterplace.mdgfund.org Tweets von @MDGFund top ↑