Learn Hub | G2 Explore Topics Main Menu Explore Topics Expand your knowledge. Whether you’re a beginner looking to define an industry term or an expert seeking strategic advice, there’s an article for everyone. Design Marketing Productivity Sales Tech All Topics Subscribe and never miss a post. Curated Content Main Menu Curated Content Your time is valuable. Cut through the noise and dive deep on specific topics from some of our most popular categories. Popular Project Management Video Conferencing E-Commerce Platforms Marketing Automation Artificial Intelligence AR Visualization 3D Printing Prototyping Hybrid Cloud Storage Object Storage Healthcare Analytics Statistical Analysis Terminal Emulator SD-WAN DDoS Protection IoT Security Network Management Application Server Cloud File Storage Server Virtualization G2 Content Series GTM Innovators 2 Million Reviews REACH 2023 Resources Main Menu Resources We have all the tools and guides you need to excel at your job and on G2 – and it’s all free. Hubs G2 Vendor Resource Hub Technology Glossary Guides Best Free Software OOO Message Templates Request for Proposal (RFP) Template Content Creation Guide How to Make Reviews Actionable Subscribe and never miss a post. G2 Community Main Menu G2 Community Interested in engaging with the team at G2? Hear from guest contributors, industry leaders, and our own talented G2ers. Series Guest Contributor Network G2 Voices Industry Insights About Us Our Writers Our Analysts Editorial Guidelines Subscribe and never miss a post. Request a demo Request a demo Contact us Featured The Future of Cybersecurity With Chase Cunningham, G2's VP of Security Market Research [Video] In a digital world, where every click, swipe, and keystroke opens doors to endless possibilities, cybersecurity is your lifeline. by Alexandra Vazquez Featured The Ethics of AI: 4 Essential Questions We Should Ask A year ago, if I’d said “AI" at my dinner table, my (mature) family... by Lacy Coligan Marketing Driving Impact With Customer Voice: 5 Takeaways from IBM’s Jill Cross If you’re a B2B marketer or seller, you know that building buyer... by Mike Weir Filter: Most Recent Design Marketing Productivity Sales Tech Filter: Select Topic Most Recent Design Marketing Productivity Sales Tech Contributor Network Four Easy but Powerful E-commerce Link Building Strategies Link building for e-commerce can be challenging, but it doesn't have to be. We all know that link... by Igor Gorbenko Contributor Network Embracing the Future of Work With Generative AI in the Workplace Generative AI has taken center stage in business agendas since its debut in November 2022. by Christopher Raymond Subscribe and never miss a post. Tech 12 Best Free Landscape Design Software for Architects in 2024 Humans visualize things based on their imagination. by Sagar Joshi Design Top 11 Free 3D Modeling Software in 2024 Every digital and physical production benefits from 3D models used in animation, video game... by Samudyata Bhat Tech 10 Best Free Encryption Software for 2024 There’s a lot of sensitive and personal data on the internet. by Mara Calvello G2 Voices Strong Customer Marketing Strategies: The Key to Boosting Retention Have you ever wondered why certain brands have fiercely loyal customers? The ones who don’t just... by Katlin Hess G2 Voices Level Up Your Career With These 7 Professional Development Tips New year, new me! by Yukta Rustagi Tech The Future of Retail: Top 6 Retail Technology Trends for 2024 What will the future of retail look like? by Rajendra Roul View All Design Top 11 Free 3D Modeling Software in 2024 Every digital and physical production benefits from 3D models used in animation, video game... by Samudyata Bhat Design 10 Best Free Interior Design Software for 2024 Rome wasn’t built in a day, and neither are Pinterest Homes. by Aayushi Sanghavi Design 13 Best Free Home Design Software in 2024 How many hours have you spent saving reference pictures and creating Pinterest boards? by Tanuja Bahirat Design 16 Best Free Photo Editing Software Tools in 2024 Capturing moments or creating them? The power is in your hands Capturing and sharing images has... by Devyani Mehta Design 11 Best Free Floor Plan Software for 2024 Prepare to be floored. by Aayushi Sanghavi Design 10 Best Free 3D Design Software in 2023 We have come a long way from sketching on notepads. by Harshita Tewari Design 20+ Graphic Design Statistics That You Should Know Now Graphic design is the essence of visual representation. by Prajnadip Pal Design 42 Must-Have Features for Your Business Website in 2021 Have you ever completed a jigsaw puzzle? by Grace Pinegar Design History of Infographics: Cave Symbols to Interactive Visuals Ancient storytellers already understood that pictures are worth a thousand words – from depictions... by Kai Tomboc View All Design Contributor Network Four Easy but Powerful E-commerce Link Building Strategies Link building for e-commerce can be challenging, but it doesn't have to be. We all know that link... by Igor Gorbenko Marketing 120+ Digital Marketing Statistics of 2024 for Online Growth In a world where new businesses are popping up every day, brand visibility is everything. by Lauren Pope Marketing 40+ Powerful Email Marketing Statistics To Grow in 2024 Email marketing isn’t going anywhere, but the trends are constantly changing. by Bianca Pasare Contributor Network Why Social Media Monitoring Is Vital for PR and Communication In today's hyper-connected world, public perception is everything. by John Croll Marketing Trade Shows: Industry Events That Mean Big Business When you’re focused on the day-to-day of your business operations, it’s easy to forget about what... by Holly Landis Contributor Network How to Use B2B Intent Data for Effective ABM Execution Marketers today rely on data-driven approaches to engage prospects. You yourself may have found... by Bikash Thokchom Marketing How Marketing & Sales Leaders Can Accelerate Efficient Growth in 2024 Growth. It’s the topic every sales and marketing leader is focused on right now. We’re coming off a... by Gordon Tobin Contributor Network What's Your Returning Customer Rate and How to Improve It Why should you be obsessed with your returning customer rate (RCR)? by Fiona Stevens Marketing GTM Innovators 2023 Wrap-Up Season 1 of the GTM Innovators podcast has been a journey of exploration and discovery, where I’ve... by Mike Weir View All Marketing Sales 40+ Real Estate Statistics for 2024 The business of real estate is always changing. by Izabelle Hundrev Sales 70+ Sales Enablement Statistics To Blow Your Mind In 2024 When it comes to building sales relationships, words are mere vessels. by Aayushi Sanghavi Sales Top 10 Free CRM Software for 2024 Treat your customer like you’d treat yourself. by Aayushi Sanghavi Contributor Network Sales Readiness: Your Ultimate Tool for Elevating Sales Conversations Many companies struggle to meet revenue goals in today’s tumultuous economic climate. There is... by Nehal Firdous Sales How Sales Pros Can Retain Customers & Close Deals With G2 G2 has long been a trusted tool by B2B marketers who have relied on the marketplace to source... by Colin Danaher Sales How Sales Teams Can Adopt and Use AI for Smarter Selling Artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly transforming the sales landscape. As a result, AI-powered... by Mara Calvello Contributor Network AI for Sales: Benefits, Use Cases, and Challenges In the evolving, digitally-driven world of sales, teams feel the need to stay competitive. by Catarina Hoch Contributor Network Product-led Sales: The Next Stage in your SaaS Growth Journey Product-led growth (PLG) is a go-to-market strategy that centers on the product. by Ioana Sima Sales What Is Sales Coaching? Tips To Help You Win Big There is no shortage of important responsibilities for sales managers. by Mary Clare Novak View All Sales Productivity 20+ Product Launch Statistics You Should Know in 2024 Ever noticed how people stick with their favorite brands for ages? Launching a new product in such... by Alexa Drake Productivity 10 Best Note-Taking Apps in 2024 Forget the small stuff. by Aayushi Sanghavi Productivity 50+ Customer Service Statistics You Must Know in 2024 Globalization has brought a more competitive environment to any and every industry out there. Good... by Alan Santillan Productivity 12 Best Free Project Management Software in 2024 The crunch of project deadlines puts a lot of pressure on project assignees. by Shreya Mattoo Productivity 10 Best Free Gantt Chart Software in 2024 Are you losing the trail of your projects? by Shreya Mattoo Contributor Network Unveiling the Most Effective E-Commerce Fulfillment Strategies Are you a seller? by Sharline Shaw Contributor Network The Role Of Kanban In Agile Project Management A major ordeal with unfinished tasks is the overall delay in completion and the loss of accuracy... by Sandeep Kashyap Contributor Network A Guide to Choosing the Right Platform For Digital Business Cards When was the last time you attended a business event and returned empty-handed? It's hard to... by Mayuri Bangar Contributor Network Incremental Budgeting: The Truth About Its Hidden Costs Incremental budgeting is a longstanding, data-driven approach to budgeting. But is it driving your... by Kirk Kappelhoff View All Productivity Contributor Network Embracing the Future of Work With Generative AI in the Workplace Generative AI has taken center stage in business agendas since its debut in November 2022. by Christopher Raymond Tech 12 Best Free Landscape Design Software for Architects in 2024 Humans visualize things based on their imagination. by Sagar Joshi Tech 10 Best Free Encryption Software for 2024 There’s a lot of sensitive and personal data on the internet. by Mara Calvello Tech The Future of Retail: Top 6 Retail Technology Trends for 2024 What will the future of retail look like? by Rajendra Roul Tech 55+ Powerful Streaming Statistics to Know in 2024 Streaming has fundamentally changed the way we consume media. by Piper Thomson Tech 13 Best Free Writing Software in 2024 Writing can be hard. Or easy and fun. Or fun and hard. by Washija Kazim Tech 10 Best Free Slideshow Maker Software in 2024 The world is a never-ending slideshow reel. by Jasmine Lee Tech An Analysis: G2’s Best Software 2024 Winners The G2 team here, myself included, has been busy celebrating our Best Software Award winners, ever... by Palmer Houchins Tech 11 Best Free Virtual Machine Software in 2024 In the ever-evolving computing landscape, virtualization is the technology that transforms hardware... by Harshita Tewari View All Tech Curated Content Hubs Design/Dev App Development Graphic Design Website Development Marketing Social Media Marketing Email Marketing Productivity/MGMT Professional Development Human Resources Project Management Sales/Growth E-Commerce Business Development Sales Tech AI Cyber Security G2 Content Series REACH 2019 The Road to 1 Million WFH Guide View All Content Hubs Never miss a post. Subscribe to keep your fingers on the tech pulse. By submitting this form, you are agreeing to receive marketing communications from G2. For Buyers G2 Track Software Reviews Products Best Software Companies Write a Review For Sellers Market Profiles Review Generation Buyer Intent Data Content Creation Competitive Insights Add Your Product/Service Company About Leadership Careers Gives News Brand Resources Contact Resources Sell Learn Research Partner Documentation Community Guidelines G2 Scoring Methodologies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Copyright Complaint Policy Content Usage Guidelines Your Privacy Choices 100 S. Wacker Dr. Ste. 600 Chicago, IL 60606 © 2024, G2.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved.