EyeWitness to History - history through the eyes of those who lived it Select a category or go to the Index Place your cursor on an image for more information Click for an EyeWitness Account ADVERTISMENT Inside... Index of EyeWitness Accounts - From the Ancient World through the 20th Century Photo Of The Week- A freeze frame of time. SnapShots - Photographic Gateways to History: World War I, America in the 20s, the Great Depression. Voices of the 20th Century- sounds from the past. History in Motion - film clips from the past. Your ringside seat to history - from the Ancient World to the present. History through the eyes of those who lived it, presented by Ibis Communications, Inc. a digital publisher of educational programming. Spotlight On: Turning Points in History. . . Julius Caesar Crosses the Rubicon, 49 BC AD.. "The die is cast." Julius Caesar decides to cross a small stream and changes history. The Assassination of Archduke Ferdinand, 1914'. "Sopherl, Sopherl, don't die. Stay alive for the children!" An assassin's bullet kills a duke, ignites World War I and shapes the world we live in today. Photo of the Week: Riding the Rails, 1940. Rough times in America: "He said he quit high school after two years... 'I'm on the bum.' " Including: U-Boat Attack, 1917 Captured German footage of one of its submarines in action during World War I. The Hindenburg Explodes, 1937 The great German airship bursts into flames as it attempts to land at Lakehurst, NJ. The Japanese Attack Pearl Harbor, 1941 Captured Japanese footage taken from their aircraft during the attack. Many More >>> It Happened This Month: Battling the Saracens, 1250. "I gave him a thrust with my lance just under the arm-pits and struck him dead." A knight describes combat in the Seventh Crusade. Notable Quote: "The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." Socrates (ca. 496 - 399 BC.) Including: Iwo Jima, 1945 The first wave attacks the beach in one of WWII's costliest battles. Theodore Roosevelt 1912 The "Bull Moose" candidate speaks during his unsuccessful campaign for President. Charles Lindbergh, 1927 The "Lone Eagle" speaks after his historic flight Many More >>> Privacy Statement | Awards | Advertising Information Site updated on 2/16/15 Copyright © 1997 - 2015, Ibis Communications, Inc.