Homepage | Barclaycard Skip to: Main navigation Content Quick Links Footer navigation Help Hub You are in the Personal site Personal Business Privacy and Cookie Policy Accessibility Contact us Security FAQs Sitemap Find a Barclaycard View all credit cards Find the right card for you Check your eligibility Cards for building your credit history Avios credit cards Cards for purchases Cards for earning rewards Cards for making balance transfers Manage your account Existing customer homepage Getting started with your card Download the Barclaycard app Register for an online account Activate your card Contactless mobile Managing your account online Add a cardholder Set up email and text alerts Change your personal information Change your credit limit View your PIN Online account servicing A-Z Latest updates to your online account Your billing and payments Pay your bill View your statements Change your payment due date Protecting your purchases Missed payment Transfers and offers Transfer and offers guide Transfer a credit card balance to your Barclaycard Money transfers Instalment plans Barclaycard benefits Barclaycard Cashback rewards Barclaycard Entertainment Purchase protection Using your card abroad Pay your way About Freedom Rewards Check and redeem Freedom Rewards Help & support Help with your Barclaycard Lost, stolen and damaged cards Forgotten your login details? Emergency card replacement Credit card charges Spending abroad Insurance Bereavment guide Money worries Missed payments Job loss Bereavement Accident Mental health Support for carers Illness Separation and divorce Addiction Student debt Budget problems Reduced income Report fraud Jargon buster Contact us Help centre / FAQs Get Credit Confident Credit card basics Why get a credit card? How do credit cards work? What to use your credit card for How to manage your credit repayments Understanding credit card APR Understanding credit scores Credit score basics How to check your credit score Understanding your credit score What is bad credit? Improving your credit score The truth about your credit score: 6 common myths busted Understanding interest Interest rates, balances and fees Interest calculator How the Bank of England base rate affects interest Promotional interest rates Compound interest Understanding balance transfers What is a balance transfer? How can a balance transfer help manage your money? How to improve your chance of getting a 0% balance transfer card How much does a balance transfer card cost? How to find the best balance transfer credit card Fraud and security Protecting yourself from fraud How we help protect you from fraud What is identity theft? Changes to the way you pay online Spot the scams Financial life guides Family finances Should you get a special travel credit card? The first time home buyers' guide How much rent can you afford? Should you put your home improvements on a credit card? Log in Register Search Open Menu Search Find a Barclaycard View all credit cards Find the right card for you Check your eligibility Cards for building your credit history Avios credit cards Cards for purchases Cards for earning rewards Cards for making balance transfers Manage your account Existing customer homepage Getting started with your card Download the Barclaycard app Register for an online account Activate your card Contactless mobile Managing your account online Add a cardholder Set up email and text alerts Change your personal information Change your credit limit View your PIN Online account servicing A-Z Latest updates to your online account Your billing and payments Pay your bill View your statements Change your payment due date Protecting your purchases Missed payment Transfers and offers Transfer and offers guide Transfer a credit card balance to your Barclaycard Money transfers Instalment plans Barclaycard benefits Barclaycard Cashback rewards Barclaycard Entertainment Purchase protection Using your card abroad Pay your way About Freedom Rewards Check and redeem Freedom Rewards Help & support Help with your Barclaycard Lost, stolen and damaged cards Forgotten your login details? Emergency card replacement Credit card charges Spending abroad Insurance Bereavment guide Money worries Missed payments Job loss Bereavement Accident Mental health Support for carers Illness Separation and divorce Addiction Student debt Budget problems Reduced income Report fraud Jargon buster Contact us Help centre / FAQs Get Credit Confident Credit card basics Why get a credit card? How do credit cards work? What to use your credit card for How to manage your credit repayments Understanding credit card APR Understanding credit scores Credit score basics How to check your credit score Understanding your credit score What is bad credit? Improving your credit score The truth about your credit score: 6 common myths busted Understanding interest Interest rates, balances and fees Interest calculator How the Bank of England base rate affects interest Promotional interest rates Compound interest Understanding balance transfers What is a balance transfer? How can a balance transfer help manage your money? How to improve your chance of getting a 0% balance transfer card How much does a balance transfer card cost? How to find the best balance transfer credit card Fraud and security Protecting yourself from fraud How we help protect you from fraud What is identity theft? Changes to the way you pay online Spot the scams Financial life guides Family finances Should you get a special travel credit card? The first time home buyers' guide How much rent can you afford? Should you put your home improvements on a credit card? Log in Privacy and Cookie Policy Accessibility Contact us Security FAQs Sitemap View our range of cards Avios and Rewards credit cards View cards Balance Transfer credit cards View cards Credit building credit cards View cards Purchase credit cards View cards Don't know which one to pick? Find the right card for you Check if you’re eligible first Applying for more than one credit card in a short space of time could affect your credit score. Use our free eligibility checker before applying to find out whether you’re likely to be accepted for a card. It only takes a few minutes and it won’t affect your credit score. You might be eligible for some of our other credit card offers. Check your eligibility for our other cards to make sure you’re getting the best offer for you. Check if you’re eligible Looking for a way to build your credit score? You’ve found it – Barclaycard Forward What you buy is your business – helping you improve your credit score is ours. A Barclaycard Forward credit card is a smart way to build your credit score for when it comes to future borrowing like getting a loan or a mortgage. Check if you’re eligible Representative example 33.9% APR Representative APR (variable) 33.9% Purchase rate p.a. (variable) £1,200 Assumed Credit Limit Responsible use of a credit card could help build your credit score when you pay on time. Subject to application, financial circumstances and borrowing history. T&Cs apply. Benefits with your Barclaycard Barclaycard Cashback Rewards Register for this benefit, and you can earn up to 15% cashback when you spend at a range of participating retailers. T&Cs apply 28.9% APR Representative (variable) Subject to application, financial circumstances and borrowing history. T&Cs apply. Save with Barclaycard Entertainment You’ll have access to selected live events, festival presales and lots of customer-only perks. 28.9% APR Representative (variable) Subject to application, financial circumstances and borrowing history. T&Cs apply. One simple fee abroad Use your Barclaycard for a simple and secure way to pay overseas. With access to an emergency replacement card or cash, it’s the perfect travel companion. Fraud Protection 24/7 Whether you’re buying on the high street, online or overseas, our state of the art detection system monitors around the clock to stop fraud in its tracks. Free additional cardholder Share your card with someone close to you for flexibility when you’re not around – handy for emergencies or things like your weekly shop. (Terms apply). Find out more about your benefits Barclaycard Avios Plus A welcome bonus If you’re new to Barclaycard, collect 25,000 Avios if you spend £3,000 in the first three months. T&Cs apply. Collect Avios Collect 1.5 Avios for every £1 you spend on eligible purchases1 for a £20 monthly fee. T&Cs apply. A cabin upgrade voucher Spend £10,000 on your card within 12 months and choose between a British Airways cabin upgrade voucher to use on an Avios Reward Flight booking, or 7,000 bonus Avios. T&Cs apply. Explore Barclaycard Avios Plus Representative example – most accepted customers get Representative 80.1% APR (variable) Purchase rate 29.9% p.a. p.a. (variable) Based on a £1,200 credit limit Monthly fee £20 The approval of your application depends on your financial circumstances and borrowing history. The interest rates may differ from those shown. The approval of your application depends on your financial circumstances and borrowing history. The interest rates may differ from those shown. 1. You’ll collect Avios on new purchases, but not on balance transfers, money transfers and transactions that make up your cash balance. These include cash withdrawals, wire transfers and buying currency. You won’t collect Avios for any transactions that are later returned or refunded. You also need to keep to the terms and conditions of your account and stay within your credit limit. You can find out more about collecting and spending Avios, including which purchases are eligible. Your phone, our app - have they met yet? The Barclaycard app is the easiest way to manage your account on the go. You can securely pay your bill, check your balance and keep track of your transactions. Discover the app Manage your credit card on the go View and monitor transaction activity Easy access to your most-used features v Find a Barclaycard Eligibility checker Find the right Barclaycard for you Cards for building your credit history Cards for balance transfers Cards for earning rewards Cards for purchases Tools and calculators Balance transfer calculator Repayment calculator Interest calculator Fraud fighter Credit builder Help and support Why get a credit card? Understanding interest Money worries Fraud protection FAQs Contact us We've fewer colleagues to speak to you in our contact centres at the moment, which is having an impact on call wait times - we're truly sorry about this. If you need to get in touch, please visit our contact us page. Download the Barclaycard app Barclaycard is a trading name of Barclays Bank UK PLC. Barclays Bank UK PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (Financial Services Register number: 759676). Registered in England Number 9740322. Registered office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP Barclays Bank UK PLC adheres to The Standards of Lending Practice which are monitored and enforced by the Lending Standards Board. © Barclaycard 2024