Performance Advertising Network | Rakuten Advertising Skip to content It’s time to fix your buying funnel! Download our latest report X Solutions Overview Affiliate Display Influencer Marketing Media Paid Search Paid Social Brands Overview Advertisers Agencies Global Brands Publishers Overview Publisher Sign up Industries Financial Services Retail Travel Insights Affiliate Intelligence Blog Case Studies Resources About Us Careers Contact Us Culture Events Leadership Locations Press Support Search Search Submit Become a publisher Login Affiliate Advertiser Affiliate Publisher Insights & Analytics Portal Display Developer Portal United States Asia-Pacific Brazil Canada France Germany Italy Japan Spain United Kingdom Get started Previous Next Advertising that outperforms We connect brands, partners, and people to out-deliver on your objectives and drive growth. Advertisers: Get startedOpens new window Publishers: Sign up It’s Time to Fix Your Buying Funnel Dive into our latest report to learn how strategic publisher recruitment and collaboration can maximize your affiliate performance. Download the report When your affiliate program makes waves instead of ripples. That’s Affiliate Intelligence by Rakuten Advertising. Let's go! Introducing our AI-Driven Partnership Discovery Solution Connecting advertisers with the most effective publisher partners. Explore AI Partnerships Our numbers speak for themselves 25+ years in the industry 1.2b+ consumers reached 200m+ orders 4.3b+ clicks Our client partners We work with the best brands in the world. Our experts will work with you to develop unique opportunities for your brand. Get in touch to learn more Solutions Innovation meets insight Affiliate Intelligence helps you make the most strategic performance marketing decisions because you’ll have the insight and intuition that only comes with years of experience – from tried-and-true strategies to opportunities to emerging media trends. Learn more Brands Affiliate services that help you outthink and outperform We get your business, we get your needs, and then we get you results – matching you with the right partner to connect with people where and when it counts. Find out more Publishers Quality partnerships and technology Maximize growth with exclusive access to the most-loved global consumer brands in partner marketing, flexible tech to support monetization and automation, and expert partnership teams. Show me Case study: AllSaints Expanding into North America AllSaints wanted to expand their reach in the U.S. and Canada, and preserve the integrity of their brand. With the aid of Affiliate Intelligence, they were able to identify high-performing partners who understood their individualist style and focus on sustainability. The result? A 27% increase in sales in both target markets and a 95% boost in AOV in the U.S. Read more Case study: Lancome & Dealmoon The importance of partnership We helped leading luxury cosmetics house Lancome and social shopping community Dealmoon achieve 234% growth year-over-year and top publisher status. By tapping into Affiliate Intelligence, backed by 25+ years of expertise, brands can leverage high-performing partnerships that outperform traditional brand-to-publisher affiliate programs. Read moreOpens new window Case study: JanSport Creating connections in times of uncertainty We launched a YouTube campaign for the leading designer and maker of backpacks and apparel, JanSport. The campaign drove over 40m impressions, a 21.5% view-through rate, 20% relative brand life for ad recall leading to a 7.5% increase in brand awareness. On average, users who visited JanSport from YouTube spent 3.85 minutes on site versus an average site total of 3.14 minutes. Read moreOpens new window Case study: Starface, Viki & Soompi We developed a 3-month ad campaign with the skincare brand, Starface. This campaign ran on Rakuten’s media platforms, Viki and Soompi, to reach their audience from a more refined angle. The campaign drove a total of 11.8m impressions, with a 97% view-through rate that was 7% more than the initial goal, and exposed respondents had a 70.6% brand awareness lift. Read more Previous Next Recognized for our industry-leading work Solutions Overview Affiliate Display Influencer Marketing Media Paid Search Paid Social Brands Overview Advertisers Agencies Global Brands Publishers Overview Publisher Sign up Industries Financial Services Retail Travel Legal Notices Privacy Policy Ad Choice Preferences Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Rakuten Advertising ©2024. All Rights Reserved. More Services Rakuten Viki Rakuten Kobo Rakuten Viber Rakuten Travel Rakuten Insight About Rakuten