Americas Quarterly Skip to content Politics, Business & Culture in the Americas SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Subscribe Menu Magazine New Issue PDF Past Issues A (Relatively) Bullish Case for Latin America Cybersecurity What Lula Means For Latin America The Uruguay Issue Millennials In Politics Countries Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Venezuela Caribbean Countries Elections U.S. Policy Corruption Index Events Podcast Culture About Search for: Menu Magazine New Issue PDF Past Issues A (Relatively) Bullish Case for Latin America Cybersecurity What Lula Means For Latin America The Uruguay Issue Millennials In Politics Countries Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Venezuela Caribbean Countries Elections U.S. Policy Corruption Index Events Podcast Culture About Brazil’s Polarization Is Here to Stay Even As Politicians Have (Mostly) Dialed Down the Rhetoric 4 minute read The political debate in Latin America's largest democracy looks less destructive than it used to be. By Oliver Stuenkel | AQ Podcast: Brazil’s Big Year on the Global Stage < 1 minute read A broad look at Brazil’s foreign policy as the country prepares to host the G20 summit later this year. AMLO’s Bet on Mexico’s South Is Paying Off—For Now 5 minute read The initial success of public infrastructure investments will make them an enduring Morena priority. The gains may be a mirage. By Rich Brown | MOST POPULAR Venezuela Stops Pretending. The World Should, Too Brian Winter Argentina’s New Conservative Coalition Ernesto Calvo , Gabriel Kessler , María Victoria Murillo , Gabriel Vommaro El Salvador's Economy Will Test Bukele 2.0 Will Freeman Right-Wing Populism Hasn’t Thrived in Mexico. Why? Carin Zissis Venezuela's Grand Bargain Mark Feierstein Our Current Issue Our lead editorial VIEW PDF Contents View PDF Past Issues Subscribe VIEW PDF READ MORE Past Issues Can Guyana Beat the Resource Curse? Oil wealth has helped some countries, and ruined others. AQ reports from Georgetown on policymakers’ efforts to find the right path. By José Enrique Arrioja | Has the Central American Migration Crisis Peaked? A new book tracks the civil strife and botched U.S. policy behind decades of mass migration. But now, the patterns are shifting. By Nick Burns | AQ’s Winter Playlist: Flying High, But Solidly Grounded Our music critic highlights songwriters refashioning high-flown poetic themes—and the low rhythms of the double bass. By Sebastián Zubieta | Sign Up for Our Newsletter Brazil Bolsonaro Seems Finished. Bolsonarismo Lives On. 3 minute readA large but somewhat uncertain rally points to a transition ahead for Brazil’s conservative movement. By Brian Winter | February 27, 2024 Colombia Petro’s Pension Reform Tests Colombian Senate 4 minute readDespite having a minority in the upper house, the ruling Pacto Histórico may get the toned-down proposal approved. The House of Representatives will be tougher. By Ricardo Ávila | February 27, 2024 Brazil Lula’s Gift to Bolsonaro 4 minute readThe Brazilian president’s attacks on Israel reinforce political polarization and give the opposition room to breathe. By Thomas Traumann | February 26, 2024 Venezuela Maduro’s New Crackdown on Venezuela’s Civil Society 5 minute readThe regime is reactivating a dormant NGO bill, adding to fears of Nicaragua-style repression ahead. By Tony Frangie Mawad | February 26, 2024 Podcast AQ Podcast: Today’s LGBTQ+ Politics in Latin America < 1 minute readAn expert’s overview of the state of LGBTQ+ rights in the region, and how they relate to politics. February 22, 2024 Foreign Policy Why the U.S. and Europe Should Work Together on Latin America 4 minute readIssues like supporting democracy and combating organized crime demand a triangular approach—but the obstacles are sizable. By Gabriel Cohen, Andrea Colombo | February 22, 2024 Mexico Right-Wing Populism Hasn’t Thrived in Mexico. Why? 4 minute readA centrist population and the president’s ability to set the agenda leave little space for conservative outsiders. By Carin Zissis | February 21, 2024 Venezuela Venezuela Stops Pretending. The World Should, Too 4 minute readThe international community faces tough decisions once again, after a high-profile arrest and expulsion. By Brian Winter | February 16, 2024 Podcast AQ Podcast | Argentina: Javier Milei Runs into Resistance < 1 minute readJavier Milei’s ambitious reform agenda has run into obstacles in Congress. What does it mean for Argentina’s political and economic future? February 15, 2024 Drug Policy Why Drug Cartels Are Expanding to Asia 5 minute readAs cocaine flows to remoter markets, transnational illicit traffic poses a global risk. By Carolina Sampó, Valeska Troncoso | February 14, 2024 El Salvador El Salvador’s Economy Will Test Bukele 2.0 5 minute readBukele needs an IMF assistance program to regain access to international markets. Bitcoin and the erosion of the rule of law are stumbling blocks. By Will Freeman | February 14, 2024 Brazil Brazil’s Enduring Racial Gap 4 minute readNew economic analysis reveals that despite some progress, Brazil must do more to address racial inequality. By Michael França, Alysson Portella | February 13, 2024 Argentina Argentina’s New Conservative Coalition 4 minute readJavier Milei’s voters aren’t just disaffected, a new survey suggests: They agree with him, and they’re disproportionately young and male. By Ernesto Calvo, Gabriel Kessler, María Victoria Murillo, Gabriel Vommaro | February 12, 2024 Podcast AQ Podcast: What Trump Would Mean for Latin America Policy < 1 minute readA conversation with the Trump administration’s former ambassador to the OAS February 08, 2024 Chile Sebastián Piñera’s Final Lesson 4 minute readThe late Chilean president was a rare example of how to build bridges across the ideological divide. By Brian Winter | February 08, 2024 More recent articles ► PUBLISHED BY AMERICAS SOCIETY/COUNCIL OF THE AMERICAS About Advertise Contact Internships CloseMagazine New Issue PDF Past Issues A (Relatively) Bullish Case for Latin America Cybersecurity What Lula Means For Latin America The Uruguay Issue Millennials In Politics Countries Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Ecuador Mexico Venezuela Caribbean Countries Elections U.S. Policy Corruption Index Events Podcast Culture About Search for: SUBSCRIBE TO OUR PRINT MAGAZINE Sign up for our free newsletter