Financial Markets Infrastructure and Data | LSEG Skip Navigation Our Business Capital Markets News and Prices News, reports and insights to inform portfolio performance decisions. Raise Finance Access to deep pools of capital, to scale and grow your business. Equities Trading Unrivalled access to UK, European and global capital markets. Data and Analytics Analytics Robust, trusted and impactful analytics across a comprehensive universe of assets. Data Rich datasets with extensive distribution and data management capabilities. Indices Comprehensive and accurate benchmark and index coverage across asset classes. Workflow Products A suite of powerful, end-to-end workflow products to help navigate the markets. Post Trade Clearing Services Clearing for enhanced risk management, and margin, capital and operational efficiencies via LCH. Post Trade Solutions Increase efficiencies with Acadia, Quantile and SwapAgent. Regulatory Reporting Reduce operational and regulatory risk through our range of regulatory reporting, reference data, and analytics solutions. More about LSEG Post Trade arrow-right Solutions By Industry Asset Management Asset Owners Central Banks Corporates Hedge Funds Investment Banking Wealth Management By Asset Class Commodities Derivatives Equity Fixed Income FX Sustainability Our Approach Sustainability Strategy Climate Change Diversity and Inclusion Governance Disclosures and reports LSEG Foundation Our Solutions Sustainable Finance and Investing Sustainable Finance Data and Analytics Sustainable Investment Indices London Stock Exchange – Sustainable finance for London's issuers Insights & Events Insights Spark your investment ideas with truly tailored perspectives. LSEG Events Discover our range of events and webinars around the globe. Venue and Studio Hire Explore our prestigious offerings; hold memorable events and create your content. Support Learning Learning Centre Elevate expertise on LSEG products with tutorials, webinars and certifications. Regulatory Reporting Explore our extensive range of trade reporting CISI/CPD accredited courses. Product Product Support Our latest support information as it becomes available, all in one place. Product Log-ins Direct log-in access for LSEG products. My account MyAccount For product support, service updates, guides, online billing, and more. About About LSEG Careers Investor Relations Media Centre Contact Information Executive Team Board of Directors Shareholder Information Corporate Governance Home Discover the power of LSEG LSEG is a leading global financial infrastructure and data provider. We play a vital social and economic role in the world's financial system. Discover more about what we do Inside LSEG With our open approach, trusted expertise and global scale, we enable the sustainable growth and stability of our customers and their communities. Our approach to sustainability Find out more arrow-right Careers Create lasting opportunities and fulfill your potential Become part of LSEG and discover opportunities in over 60 countries around the world. Strategic partnership Our strategic partnership with Microsoft LSEG and Microsoft have launched a 10-year strategic partnership for next-generation data and analytics, and cloud infrastructure solutions. Financial news service Exclusive provider of Reuters News Only with LSEG do you get access to the full power of Reuters News. Delivering the facts fast. Adding insight and intelligence. Only from LSEG Financial News Service. Shareholder information, annual reporting and corporate governance Investor Relations Information for shareholders, investors and analysts for London Stock Exchange Group plc (LSEG:LON) Our business Data & Analytics A unique open platform, best-in-class data and expertise - all the ingredients for executing critical investing, trading and risk decisions with confidence. Discover Data & Analytics arrow-right FTSE Russell Our indices inform your asset allocation decisions, support portfolio construction, and allow for risk and performance analysis. Discover FTSE Russell arrow-right London Stock Exchange The London Stock Exchange is at the heart of where ideas meet capital and become reality, with the flexibility to make connections and create real impact. Discover London Stock Exchange arrow-right FX Access your trusted FX solutions in one place. Our end-to-end suite of trading venues, platforms, insights, data and compliance tools empower the FX community. Discover FX arrow-right Risk Intelligence We help you manage the world of risk. Do business with your customers and third parties with confidence whilst reducing time-to-revenue for new clients. Discover Risk Intelligence arrow-right Post Trade Our range of post trade risk management, optimisation and regulatory solutions can make your operations more efficient and help drive capital and cost savings. Discover Post Trade arrow-right LSEG Insights Unique insight, commentary and analysis on the major trends shaping financial markets. Discover LSEG Insights Company news Stay informed with the latest news from the Group News from across the Group arrow-right FTSE Russell Announces 2024 Russell US Indexes Reconstitution Schedule March 01, 2024 Straits Times Index (STI) quarterly review March 01, 2024 London Stock Exchange Group plc Directorate Change February 29, 2024 Events See all events arrow-right Forum Derivatives Forum Frankfurt 2024 When: Feb 28 - February 29, 2024 Where: Frankfurt The leading European conference focuses on trading and clearing for derivatives and securities financing across asset classes featuring thought leadership insights, industry debates, keynote speeches and on-site networking opportunities. Learn more external summit Net Zero Delivery Summit When: Jun 1 - June 02, 2024 Where: London The Net Zero Delivery Summit is a milestone in the sustainable finance calendar. At the midpoint between COPs, it is a key moment to maintain momentum in financial and professional services as they work to meet global net zero goals. Learn more arrow-right Forum World Investment Forum When: Jun 9 - June 12, 2024 Where: Palm Beach, Florida The 2024 program for the World Investment Forum will include a combination of financial academia and economists, industry practitioners and notable guest speakers designed to deliver dynamic insights. Learn more external Search About LSEG LSEG Group Careers Media Centre Investor Relations Corporate Shareholder information Board of Directors Executive Teams Contact Us Contact LSEG Office locations Security Centre Connect with us LinkedIn X YouTube Language English 日本語 – 日本 简体中文 – 中国 Privacy & Cookie Statement Cookie Settings Sitemap Disclaimer Accessibility Whistleblowing UK Bribery Act Modern Slavery Act