Home Contact Member Login BUILT FOR IOT Case Studies Smart Home Smart Building What is Thread Overview Thread Benefits Certification Developers Certified Products thread group Member Benefits Board & Officers Members Liaisons Innovation Enabler Award Support Resources White Papers Videos Specification FAQ NEWSROOM AND EVENTS Blog Press Releases In The News Newsletters Events SMART HOME Thread Is The Foundation For The Connected Home SMART BUILDING Thread In The Commercial Market DEVELOPERS Start Developing Thread Solutions Featured Video Smart Home Setup Made Easy. Fast, Strong, and Reliable with Thread. Learn how Thread is making smart homes smarter, more reliable, and faster. Discover the seamless mesh design, which ensures strong, low-power connections, and watch how your network can grow stronger with each added device! In The News “It's clear we're looking at a smart home future where Thread is a major player” "So what's a smart display to do if it wants to stay on top of the smart technology game? Add Zigbee, Thread, and Matter support, of course" "A Thread network provides several advantages, including longer range and more stability than Bluetooth." "The addition of Thread makes the iPhone 15 Pro the most smart home-friendly option if you’re in the market for a new phone." "As the industry continues to evolve, we can expect to see even more devices that support both Thread and Matter, making it easier than ever before to create a seamless and connected smart home experience." "Automating lights has been around for years, but Matter and Thread are set to really expand the capabilities while also making it much, much simpler for people to set up." "Matter-compatible lights like Nanoleaf Essentials Light Strip and Light Bulb run more efficiently in a household of smart lights when on Thread networks..." "The reason that Thread is a big selling point is that, unlike Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, it should provide more instant results when it comes to smart lighting." “In the long run, I believe Matter’s most noticeable benefit will be the rise of Thread as the most popular smart home connectivity standard." “Combined, Thread with Matter is a powerful choice for product companies and a great value for consumers." “The technically superior option is Thread, which is lightning fast, less dependent on hubs, and avoids burdening your Wi-Fi network." “I am at the point where if two devices are similar in functionality, but one has Thread, I’ll be choosing the one with Thread." “Thread Is Matter’s Secret Sauce For A Better Smart Home" Press Release Thread Group Opens Access To Third Evolution Of Its Wireless Networking Protocol, Enabling Matter, Improving Seamless Connectivity In Smart... READ MORE UPCOMING EVENTS Spring 2024 Members MeetingApril 23-25, 2024Toronto, Canada BLOG Thread's 2024 EnhancementsAnd What They'll Mean To You READ MORE What is Thread Built For Iot Thread Group News & Events Support Blog Contact Member Login © 2024 Thread Group Alliance Management by Global Inventures Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Administrator Sign Up For Our Newsletter Sign Up For Our Newsletter Sign Up For Our Newsletter What is Thread Built For Iot Thread Group News & Events Support Blog Contact Member Login © 2024 Thread Group Alliance Management by Global Inventures Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sitemap Administrator This website uses cookies to improve website performance, to follow navigation, and for analytical purposes. For more information about this website's cookies and how to disable cookies used on this website, see our Privacy Statement. Agree & Dismiss