European Digital Rights (EDRi) Skip to content Search the site Donate Close Search How would you best describe that thing you're looking for? Your search term Menu About us Who we are Our Team Our Network Board Victories Funding Annual reports What we do Our work Advocating for better policy Decolonising digital rights Media relations Publications The future is now Take action Donate to EDRi EDRi visions for digital futures Stay up to date via the EDRi-gram Get involved in our campaigns Attend an event Work with us Close About us Who we are Our Team Our Network Board Victories Funding Annual reports What we do Our work Advocating for better policy Decolonising digital rights Media relations Publications The future is now Take action Donate to EDRi EDRi visions for digital futures Stay up to date via the EDRi-gram Get involved in our campaigns Attend an event Work with us Together, we can build a people-centered, democratic society! Help us protect human rights and freedoms in the digital age through a monthly donation. Donate now Read our latest content EDRi visions for digital futures Subscribe to our newsletter How we're building an inclusive digital future Call for Nomination – EDRi Board elections 2024 EDRi General Assembly will this year elect two Board members to replace two outgoing Board members. As an EDRi Board Member, you will help shape the future of... Read more Civil society complaint raises concern that LinkedIn is violating DSA ad targeting restrictions On 26 February, EDRi and its partners Global Witness, Gesellschaft für Freiheitsrechte and Bits of Freedom have submitted a complaint to the European Commission regarding a potential infringement of... Read more EDRi visions for digital futures The future is ours to build. In 2024 and beyond, join us in shaping our digital spaces for people, democracy and the planet. Read more Read more about our work Mobilising people in a connected world Reclaim Your Face Subscribe to our campaigns Take back platform power We work hard to make change happen The European Digital Rights network turns 20 This year, EDRi turns 20, marking two decades of building a movement of NGOs, experts, advocates, technologists, academics and impacted communities. Together, we have been defending and advancing digital rights across Europe. Two decades of digital rights impact Protecting children whilst upholding confidentiality and security online European lawmakers proposed new rules to protect children. However, this law allows authorities to have anyone's legitimate conversations monitored. In doing so, it harms everyone, including those it wants to protect. Stop Scanning Me Decolonising digital rights Our goal is to challenge the structural causes of oppression to move towards a digital rights field in which all groups in society have their voices heard. By a decolonising process, we mean a process that acknowledges that oppression have their roots in a history of domination, exploitation, colonisation and are maintained by structural forces. Letting ourselves be changed Our victories EDRi in the news A Military Database of Fingerprints and Iris Scans One of the key points that we’re always trying to raise about biometric data and why it’s so sensitive is because it can identify you forever. IIt’s a marker of democratic societies that we still treat people, including criminals, with dignity, and with respect for their human rights. READ THE ARTICLE EU privacy watchdog sues lawmakers over new Europol mandate Van der Linde's case shows how Europol and national authorities poorly handle data exchanges among themselves and neglect key data protection rules. With the recently approved reform of Europol's mandate granting the agency more data processing powers, things can only get worse. READ THE ARTICLE The EU's home affairs chief wants to read your private messages Having anyone's legitimate conversations monitored will harm everyone, especially children. Experts show that no one will be protected by making the internet less secure. Mass surveillance online does not make us safer, it erodes our democratic rights and freedoms. READ THE ARTICLE Other media talking about us Learn about the latest news in digital rights Subscribe to the EDRi-gram newsletter now Read the EDRi-gram Share the EDRi work with your network! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Defending your rights online European Digital Rights (EDRi) is an association of civil and human rights organisations from across Europe. We defend your rights and freedoms in the digital environment. Quick links Contact us About us Complaints Mechanism Media relations Take action Together, we can build a people-centered, democratic society! Stay up to date via the EDRi-gram Attend an event Follow us Twitter Mastodon Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Privacy policy Contents of this website are shared under CC-BY 4.0 license (unless stated otherwise).This means you are free to share and adapt them, as long as you remember to give us the appropriate credit. Website by Reason Digital Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase TextIncrease Text Decrease TextDecrease Text GrayscaleGrayscale High ContrastHigh Contrast Negative ContrastNegative Contrast Light BackgroundLight Background Links UnderlineLinks Underline Readable FontReadable Font Reset Reset HelpHelp