California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection | CAL FIRE Skip to Main Content CA.gov Instagram Facebook Youtube Flickr Twitter Contact Us Emergency? Call 911 Translate Settings Default High Contrast Reset Increase Font Size Increase Font Size Decrease Font Size Decrease Font Size Dyslexic Font Translate this website: CalFire Incidents Prepare Our Impact What We Do What We Do Fire Protection Office of the State Fire Marshal All-Hazard Response Wildfire Prevention Natural Resource Management Grants Fire and Resource Assessment Program Research and Development Fire Safety Outreach Join Us About Site Search Search this site: Search : The Department of Forestry and Fire Protection CAL FIRE Serves and Safeguards the People and Protects the Property and Resources of California. 100,428 Total Emergency Responses 162 Wildfires 144 Acres Burned 0 Fatalities: 0 Civilian / 0 Firefighter 0 Structures: 0 Damaged / 0 Destroyed Incident Map Toggle Layers Layers Recent Perimeters Active Air Assets 5-Year Fire History Red Flag Warnings Smoke and Haze Forecast Currently Active Incidents Incident Counties Started Acres Containment All Active Incidents The information presented here reflects what is known to CAL FIRE and is updated frequently. Learn more about data processing News and Updates CAL FIRE Strategic Plan 2024 CAL FIRE is planning for its future and setting a direction for what the coming years should look like for all levels of the department. We invite you to engage in this important process and track progress over time. Fire Hazard Severity Zones For comprehensive information regarding the Fire Hazard Severity Zones, visit the FHSZ site. This platform offers an array of valuable resources, including details about the significance of the zones, the latest zone maps, guidelines on how to bolster your property's fire safety, upcoming public meetings, and more. Residential Burn Permits During certain times of the year and in certain parts of the state, residential landscape debris burning of dead vegetation is allowed. Many counties are now offering online Burn Permits for residential burning. Visit burnpermit.fire.ca.gov to learn more. Spotlight on CAL FIRE S-2T Airtanker S-2T Airtankers are vital to CAL FIRE's firefighting mission. With 23 stationed strategically across California, they can reach any part of the state in just 20 minutes. Join us in this episode of CAL FIRE All Access as pilots take you behind the scenes to see their crucial role in our mission to protect from the air. Learn More Join CAL FIRE When you join CAL FIRE, you join a family of employees that function as a team. You will build trust and friendship with your co-workers, as together you respond to emergencies and challenging situations. Explore Careers Are you ready? Becoming ready for wildfire starts with maintaining defensible space around your property, hardening your home, and planning to evacuate in case of an emergency. Get Started Monthly CAL FIRE news delivered to your inbox Get monthly updates on all the important work going on at CAL FIRE. This month, we take an in-depth look at CAL FIRE’s new C-130H aircraft. Click the button below and check ‘Monthly CAL FIRE Community e-News’ to get the next edition. Sign up now $500M in wildfire prevention grants Significant State investments are powering wildfire resilience and forest health. Our grants provide training to rural fire departments, bolster the forest sector workforce, and support prevention and preparation in fire-threatened communities. MORE ABOUT OUR IMPACT Unprecedented Threats. Extraordinary Response. High-severity wildfire is occurring at striking rates in Sierra Nevada forests. On top of all-hazard emergency and fire response, CAL FIRE is implementing proven fire-prevention strategies, working to enforce sustainable logging practices, and reforesting woodlands after catastrophic events. Learn More about What We Do About CAL FIRE The team at California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CAL FIRE) are dedicated to the fire prevention, fire protection and stewardship of over 31 million acres of California’s privately-owned wildlands. In addition, the Department provides varied emergency services in 36 of the State’s 58 counties via contracts with local governments. Preventing wildfires in the State Responsibility Area is a vital part of CAL FIRE’s mission. While these efforts have occurred since the early days of the Department, CAL FIRE has adapted to the evolving destructive wildfires and succeeded in significantly increasing its efforts in fire prevention. We work to prevent wildfire through wildland pre-fire engineering, vegetation management, fire planning, education and law enforcement. More About CAL FIRE Gavin Newsom Office of Governor Wade Crowfoot California’s Natural Resources Secretary Joe Tyler Director / Fire Chief Quick Links Current Incidents 2023 Incidents Defensible Space Executive Staff Resources Statistics Subscribe to Newsletter 2024 Strategic Plan Programs Board of Forestry and Fire Protection Communications Equal Employment Opportunity Fire and Resource Assessment Program Fire Protection Natural Resource Management Office of the State Fire Marshal Professional Standards Program Grants Business and Workforce Development California Forest Improvement Program Forest Health Forest Legacy Urban and Community Forestry Wildfire Prevention Tribal Wildfire Resilience Wildfire Resilience Back to Top Accessibility Language Access Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Glossary of Terms Copyright © 2024 State of California Back to top