Juniper Networks – Leader in AI Networking, Cloud, & Connected Security Solutions X Help us improve your experience. Let us know what you think. Do you have time for a two-minute survey? Yes Maybe Later Announcement: HPE to Acquire Juniper Networks to Accelerate AI-Driven Innovation. Read the Press Release. CONTACT SALES LOG IN My Account Access Partner Center Edit Account Information Register a New Product Create an Account Log out US | EN Americas Brazil - Português Mexico - Español United States - English Asia China - 中文 Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Europe France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano The Netherlands - Nederlands Spain - Español United Kingdom - English Try Now US | EN Products & Solutions I'm interested in IT Networking Service Provider Cloud Operator Security Software & SaaS Search by Product Solution Industry Services IT Networking Learn more about the benefits of Juniper’s Client-to-Cloud Architecture. AI Data Center Automation Data Center Wired Access Wireless Access SD-WAN Enterprise WAN Enterprise at Home Indoor Location SASE IoT Service Provider Learn how Juniper’s Experience-First Networking delivers differentiated experiences to service providers and their customers. IP Transport Telco Cloud Managed Services Automation Service Provider Security Cloud Operator Enabling innovation for cloud operators. 400G and 800G AI Data Center Data Center Cloud Routing Automation Software Disaggregation Security Make your network threat aware with Juniper Connected Security. SASE Next-Generation Firewalls Public Cloud Security Threat Detection & Mitigation SD-WAN Secure Data Center Service Provider Security Software & SaaS Discover cloud delivered or on-premise offerings. AIOps Cloud Services NaaS Automation Security Telco Cloud Juniper Flex Licensing SASE Featured Products Apstra Automation Firewalls Junos OS Marvis VNA Mist AI & Cloud Optics Routers Session Smart Router SDN & Orchestration Security Services Switches Wireless Access Featured Solutions 400G and 800G AI Data Center AIOps Automation Cloud Metro Converged Optical Routing Data Center Enterprise at Home IP Transport SASE SD-WAN Wired Access Wireless Access Industry Solutions Education Energy & Utilities Government Healthcare Media & Entertainment Retail Services Scale business outcomes with Juniper Global Services. Automated WAN Campus and Branch Data Center Security Support Services Recommended for you AI-Native Networking Platform Discover the future of networking with Juniper's AI-Native Networking Platform. Industry Recognition This is Juniper’s time. And people are taking notice. Try now Explore options and offers to connect with the networking solution you need. Recommended for you Cloud Metro Apply cloud principles to metro networks and achieve sustainable business growth. Experience 5G Unlock the full power and potential of your network with our open, ecosystem approach. Recommended for you In the Lab Hear from Juniper Networks CEO Rami Rahim as he visits the lab to hear about the powerful performance of the 400G-capable PTX10008 router. Cloud Services Products The Juniper Mist Cloud delivers a modern microservices cloud architecture to meet your digital transformation goals for the AI-Driven Enterprise. Recommended for you Zero Trust Data Center Apply a Zero Trust framework to your data center network security architecture to protect data and applications. Offers & Trials Discover how you can manage security on-premises, in the cloud, and from the cloud with Security Director Cloud. Recommended for you Offers & Trials Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need. See more Products All Products See all of our product families in one place. Products A - Z Get a list of products by name. Recommended for you All Solutions Browse all Juniper solutions. Offers & Trials Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need. Recommended for you All Industries Browse all Juniper industry solutions. Offers & Trials Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need. Recommended for you Offer & Trials Explore options to quickly connect you with the networking solution you need. Customers Work with us Getting Started Software Downloads Documentation Training & Certifications Community Support Our Customers Success Stories Elevate Awards Share Your Story Getting Started Welcome to Juniper Create a Juniper Account Activate Licenses Quick Start by Product Contact Support Design Center Free Training Software Downloads Junos EX Series SRX Series MX Series QFX Series Junos Space vSRX Evaluation vQFX Evaluation ACX Series PTX Series All Downloads Documentation Product Documentation Day One Books Knowledge Base Product & Feature Data (Pathfinder) Problem Report Search Training & Certifications Grow and transform your networking skills with our technical training and certification programs. Juniper Training All-Access Training Pass Schedule of Live Classes On-Demand Courses Free Training Juniper Certification Private Training Community Get answers and share your Juniper expertise with peers. Automation Cloud Data Center Junos OS Management Routing SD-WAN Security Switching Wireless Elevate Awards Celebrating innovators who use Juniper solutions to make a difference in the world. Current Awards Past Awards Recommended for you All-Access Training Pass Every Juniper class for an entire year. On-Demand Courses Hands-on, lab-based, self-paced training. Juniper Open Learning Free training and discounted certifications More Communities TechPost Articles by network engineers, for network engineers. Training & Certification Get advice on your Juniper learning journey. Recommended for you See the 2023 honorees Partners Juniper Partners Find a Partner Find a Distributor Find a Services Partner Public Cloud Partnerships Strategic Alliances Solution Partners Technology Alliances Become a Partner Overview Solution Reseller Role NaaS Provider Role Create a Partner Account Enrolled Partners Partner Log In Learning Academy Juniper Champions Company Company About Us Company Profile Inclusion & Diversity Innovation Climate Change & Sustainability Leadership Our Values Careers Culture & Careers Current Openings Press & Analysts Analyst Relations Investor Relations Newsroom Why Juniper? Industry Recognition Community Customer Success Stories Contact Sales Partnerships Support Juniper Support Self-Service Tools Welcome to Juniper Getting Started Juniper Support Portal Product License Keys Product Entitlement Search Update Install Base Contact Support Downloads ACX Series EX Series MX Series PTX Series QFX Series SRX Series Junos Space SSG Series All Downloads Documentation Knowledge Base Product Documentation Problem Report Search Product & Feature Data (Pathfinder) Community Security Intelligence Report a Vulnerability Training Training Juniper Training Schedule of Live Classes On-demand Courses Free Training All Courses Payment Options Certification Juniper Certification Certification Tracks Certification Resources Exam Registration Recertification Manage My Certs Events & Demos Events and Ideas The Feed (Videos & Podcasts) Juniper Summit All Global Events Demos, Offers & Trials Test Drive Juniper Conversations Elevate Community Juniper Threat Labs Twitter: @JuniperNetworks The Feed LOG IN My Account Access Partner Center Edit Account Information Register a New Product Create an Account Log out CONTACT SALES Try Now All Company Products And Solutions Support Documentation Training Blogs Americas Brazil - Português Mexico - Español United States - English Asia China - 中文 Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Europe France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano The Netherlands - Nederlands Spain - Español United Kingdom - English Welcome to AI-Native Networking Juniper's AI-Native Networking Platform assures exceptional experiences with the easiest way to network now. Join our AI-Native NOW virtual event to learn more. Register now Learn more HPE and Juniper Networks Juniper CEO Rami Rahim provides his insights into how the eventual combined company has the opportunity to take AI in networking to the next level. Read Update from Rami Marvis Minis got your back (front and center) The latest addition to our Marvis VNA is a next-level AI army of digital twins proactively poking holes in your network so that your end users don’t have to. Explore 01 Register for AI-Native NOW 02 HPE and Juniper Networks Update 03 Introducing Marvis Minis Dive deep into AI-native at Mobile World Congress Top service provider thinkers, movers, and shakers from around the world will gather Feb 26-29 at MWC Barcelona 2024. Rub shoulders with industry thought leaders, including Juniper CEO Rami Rahim, and be a part of the growing momentum that we call AI-native networking. Join us in Barcelona Make every connection count with AI-Native Networking Find out what happens when you shift your focus away from mere connectivity towards making great connections with the industry’s first AI-Native Networking Platform, purpose-built to assure the best operator and end-user experiences. Introducing the AI-Native Networking Platform Our AI-Native Networking Platform delivers the industry’s only true AIOps with unparalleled assurance in a common cloud, end-to-end across the entire network. You can rely on it to significantly streamline ongoing management challenges while assuring that every connection is reliable, measurable, and secure. Or build highly performant and adaptive network infrastructures that are optimized for the connectivity, data volume, and speed requirements of mission-critical AI workloads. Up to 90% fewer networking trouble tickets Up to 85% reduction in networking OpEX Up to 50% less time to reach networking incident resolution Watch video More on the platform Grow your business Get networking and cybersecurity solutions that deliver real business results. IT Teams Put experience first. The most important requirement for networking is simple: great experiences. Juniper delivers the insight, automation, and assurance needed for the best operator and end user experiences from client to cloud. IT solutions Try now Test drive Juniper’s enterprise solution with our live webinars and demos. Service Providers Transform your customer experience. Take an innovative, automated, experience-first approach to your infrastructure, operations, and managed services. Our solutions put your experience as a network operator and the service experience of your customers first, helping your business stay agile, competitive, and secure in a rapidly changing economy. Service Provider solutions Experience 5G Unlock the full power and potential of your network with our open, ecosystem approach. Cloud Operators Deliver an exceptional experience at cloud scale. Drive innovation while providing the performance and agility your customers expect. Our cloud solutions help you deliver applications and services efficiently and securely—at cloud scale. Cloud Operator solutions Discover network scalability Transition to 400G and increase efficiencies while keeping your network secure, customizable, and economical. WE DELIVER Happy customers, real results Discover how our customers are transforming the way people connect, work, and live. 30 /30 World's top service providers run on Juniper 8 /10 Leading retailers create stellar experiences with our products 20 /20 Top cloud operators scale with our solutions 10 /10 of Forbes top global companies 30 /30 of the world’s largest cloud providers 40 /40 of global top Service Providers 18 /20 of the most prominent universities globally 18 /20 of the largest global banks 8 /10 of top global retailers “Juniper’s platform will help CTC enable innovative and personalized experiences for every customer, no matter how they choose to shop, helping to drive our Better Connected strategy.” Rex Lee, Chief Information and Technology Officer, Canadian Tire Corporation Read more LATEST NEWS Juniper in the News JUNIPER PRESS RELEASE Juniper Networks Unveils Industry's First AI-Native Networking Platform to Deliver Exceptional User Experiences and Lower Operational Costs Juniper Networks, the leader in AI-networking for exceptional user and operator experiences, today announced the first AI-Native Networking Platform that leverages a common Virtual Network Assistant (Marvis). Read the press release Blog The next level of self-driving network optimization is here: Meet Marvis Minis In networks, as in many facets of life, people have long accepted reactive responses to issues as the best we can do. Take healthcare, for example. You get sick, you go to the doctor, and you get treated. When it comes to networking... Read the blog CNBC HPE to Acquire Juniper Networks for $14 billion Hewlett Packard Enterprise said it’s agreed to buy networking gear vendor Juniper Networks for about $14 billion, or $40 per share, in an all-cash deal. Read the article Wall Street Journal Juniper Networks Stock Surges on Possible HPE Takeover Shares in Juniper Networks (JNPR) surged Tuesday, putting the stock on pace for its strongest day in decades, after The Wall Street Journal reported that Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) was in advanced talks to buy the networking company for about $13 billion. Learn more The Latest Experience Juniper for Yourself Why Juniper The Rise of AI in AI-Native Networking Discover the future of networking with Juniper's Chief AI Officer, Bob Friday, as he delves into the essence of an AI-Native platform. Learn how Juniper's innovative approach, building AI solutions on a real-time cloud foundation, sets a new standard for network users and operators. FUNDAMENTALS What is AI-Native Networking? "AI-Native" refers to a design philosophy or approach where Artificial Intelligence (AI) is deeply integrated into the core architecture of a system or solution from the outset, rather than being… Customer Success Seagate Selects our AI Enterprise Solution Seagate Technology® selected Juniper’s full stack AI-driven enterprise portfolio to support evolving business needs and gain proactive client-to-cloud insight, optimized performance, and cost savings. FUNDAMENTALS What is Artificial Intelligence for Networking? Learn how artificial intelligence (AI) plays a key role in modern networking. Technologies such as machine learning (ML) & deep learning (DL) contribute to important outcomes, including lower IT costs & delivering the best possible IT & user experiences. The Feed Access to networking experts and ideas The best streaming content from Juniper's executives, experts, and events to help you shape experience-first networks. Get inspired Juniper Global Sites Visit us any time: Americas Brazil - Português Mexico - Español United States - English Asia Pacific China - 中文 Japan - 日本語 Korea - 한국어 Europe and Middle East France - Français Germany - Deutsch Israel - English Italy - Italiano The Netherlands - Nederlands Spain - Español United Kingdom - English Back to top Get updates from Juniper Sign Up Follow Us About Us Careers Corporate Responsibility Investor Relations Newsroom Image Library Blogs Community Events Offers & Trials Contact Sales Find a Partner Find a Distributor Partner Login © 1999 - 2024 Juniper Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us +1-866-298-6428 (Americas) Feedback Report a Vulnerability Site Map Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Legal Notices DMCA Policy