Fermilab | Home Fermilab's Batavia site is open to the public with proper identification. Visitors who need access to non-public areas must submit an access request form. Search Toggle Navbar Toggle Search Home About Science Jobs Contact Phone Book Newsroom Newsroom News and features Press releases Fermilab in the news Photo, video and graphics galleries Fact sheets and brochures Media contacts Press release sign-up Subscribe to our public newsletter Social media Symmetry magazine Interactions.org DUNE at LBNF Come visit us Come visit us Hours and general public access Map and directions Tours, programs and events Transportation Education and Outreach Calendar of public events Fermilab Public Events Lederman Science Center Fermilab outdoor recreation Subscribe to our public newsletter Resources for Resources for Employees Researchers Job seekers Public Neighbors Industry Business Visitors Students and teachers Media Fermilab is America's particle physics and accelerator laboratory We bring the world together to solve the mysteries of matter, energy, space and time. Spotlight DUNE at LBNF PIP-II SQMS Center Muon g-2 SBN Program CMS What we do OUR SCIENCE Particle Physics Accelerators Detectors Quantum Emerging Tech Computing Fermilab news Researchers at Fermilab develop electron beam accelerator to sterilize medical equipment Fermilab researchers utilize their knowledge of state-of-the-art accelerator technologies to help tackle needs for the medical device sterilization industry and beyond. New media artist and educator Agnes Chavez named 2024 guest artist New media artist Agnes Chavez will bring her creative approach to integrating art, science and technology to the U.S. Department of Energy's Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory. She has been named 2024 guest artist by the Fermi Research Alliance. Scientists get ready to observe neutrinos with SBND The Short-Baseline Near Detector collaboration at Fermilab has started filling their detector with liquid argon. It's one of the last steps before the detector sees its first particle tracks. New measurement of cosmic distances in the Dark Energy Survey gives clues about the nature of dark energy The Dark Energy Survey (DES) has just measured the BAO scale when the universe was half its present age with an accuracy of 2%, the most accurate determination yet at such an early epoch, and the first time an imaging-only measurement is competitive with large spectroscopy campaigns specifically designed to detect this signal. Engineers Week at Fermilab offers inspiration Engineers at Fermilab work on a wide breadth and depth of technical work. This week, the laboratory celebrates their accomplishments and learns about new projects. India formally begins construction phase for contributions to Fermilab's new particle accelerator India's Department of Atomic Energy is making a $140 million in-kind contribution to the PIP-II accelerator under construction at Fermilab. Indian institutions will provide a number of technical components for the new machine. The collaboration provides Indian scientists the training, technical insight and know-how for the development of their domestic particle accelerator program. Previous Next MORE NEWS In The Media Peruvian space agency studies the neutrino, an abundant particle on the universe From Andina (Peru), March 22, 2021: Read more about the participation of Peruvian engineer Juan Vega from the Directorate of Astronomy and Space Sciences (DIACE) of the Peruvian Space Agency in the development of the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment managed by Fermilab. Chicagoland Research Institutions Aim to Transform the Water Industry From Business Wire, March 22, 2021: On World Water Day 2021, the University of Chicago, Argonne National Laboratory, and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory highlight Chicago and the greater Midwest as a hub for water innovation. The girls in STEM: this is how we bridge the gender gap From Vanity Fair, March 18, 2021: April is national STEM month in Italy. and Fermilab's Anna Grasselino is highlighted as a role model for young women in pursuit of a career in STEM. Particle Physicists Confirm Existence of Odderon From Sci-News.com, March 19, 2021: Physicists from the TOTEM (TOTal cross section, Elastic scattering and diffraction dissociation Measurement) Collaboration at CERN's Large Hadron Collider (LHC) and the DØ Collaboration at Fermilab have found strong new evidence for the odderon, an elusive three-gluon state predicted almost five decades ago. South Dakota's DUNE Project - Kiewit-Alberici Preps Former Goldmine for Science Experiment From Construction and Engineering, March 16, 2021: A construction and engineering short view on the development of DUNE and the impressive engineering and excavation process involving hundreds of thousands of tons of rock almost a mile below the surface. Cheaper, greener particle accelerators will speed innovation From the Cornell Chronicle, March 16, 2021: Fermilab's Sam Posen has joined the Center for Bright Beams to develop the next generation of superconducting materials that will greatly reduce the costs associated with operating large particle accelerators and lessen their environmental impact. Previous Next MORE IN THE MEDIA Video gallery A mile underground: The large caverns and detectors of DUNE Behind the Science: Fermilab Technicians PIP-II: The new heart of Fermilab Small particles, big science: The international DUNE at LBNF Everything you need to know about Fermilab Fermilab recruits veterans for VetTech internship program Previous Next MORE VIDEOS Resources for: Employees Researchers Job seekers Public Neighbors Industry Business visitors Students and teachers Media Public events March 18 10 am Public Get to Know Guided Tour March 25 10 am Public Get to Know Guided Tour More Events Subscribe to Email Newsletters Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory Managed by Fermi Research Alliance, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science Security, Privacy, Legal Use of Cookies Quick Links Home Contact Phone Book Inside Fermilab For Industry Jobs Interact Facebook X (Twitter) Instagram YouTube Flickr LinkedIn