Environmental Defense Fund - Building a vital Earth for everyone Skip to main content Make a monthly donation today and your gift can go 2x as far! Donate now Home Our work Our impact About us Get involved News and stories GO Donate Magnifying Glass Back Climate change solutions We deliver game-changing solutions that have a real impact for people around the globe. Our vision: A vital Earth. For everyone. Energy transition Cut methane emissions Get hydrogen right Make transportation cleaner People and nature Grow food sustainably Catch fish responsibly Improve water supplies Harness nature's power Reduce flood risk Healthy communities Make chemicals safer Reduce air pollution Close Featured Bill Nye the Science Guy highlights the fastest way to slow global warming Global food companies join EDF for a groundbreaking step on dairy methane Back Our impact For more than 50 years, we have been building innovative solutions to the biggest environmental challenges — from soil to space. 2023 impact report Vision 2030, our strategic plan Close Featured Slashing methane to slow global warming right now Deep inside the Amazon, Indigenous leaders are fighting for our planet's future Back About us Guided by science and economics, and committed to climate justice, we work in the places, on the projects and with the people that can make the biggest difference. Our approach Advance rigorous science Apply economic principles Forge partnerships Ensure climate justice Advocate for smart policies Champion diversity Our people Our staff Leadership team Board of trustees Where we work China Europe India United States Close Featured Reimagining business for a sustainable future Our bold plan to stabilize the climate for a vital Earth Back Get involved If we act now — together — there’s still time to build a future where people, the economy and the Earth can all thrive. Every one of us has a role to play. Choose yours. Donate Donate monthly Renew your gift Make a tribute gift Plan a gift in your will Other ways to give Take action Sign a petition Help stop misinformation Get a green job Work at EDF Degrees green jobs podcast Close Featured $2-for-$1 match today.Donate now. Protect yourself from harmful chemicals in drinking water Back News and stories Stay informed and get inspired with our in-depth reporting about the people and ideas making a difference, insight from our experts and the latest progress in the climate flight. Headlines Expert commentary Stories and articles Video explainers Research and resources Published research Press releases Blogs Stay informed Close Featured Vital Signs, our digital magazine, will make you think and give you hope Slow global warming fast with MethaneSAT We just launched this groundbreaking satellite to speed up cuts in methane emissions worldwide — and you can help this critical mission. See how Protect polar bears and the Arctic This International Polar Bear Day you can help protect polar bears and their home from the worst effects of climate change. Give monthly Why the wetlands are worth protecting Wetlands provide flood protection, filter pollution out of water, and nurture fish and wildlife. They save lives and we're working to save them. See why Help cut methane pollution and fight climate change When you donate today you can help build innovative solutions to the biggest environmental challenge of our time — climate change. Give today Your browser does not support the video tag. We are Environmental Defense Fund We are a global nonprofit organization tackling climate change — the greatest challenge of our time. Our bold, game-changing solutions put people at the center of all we do. Our goals: Stabilize the climate Strengthen people and nature’s ability to thrive Support people’s health Together, we’re creating a vital Earth. For everyone. 3M Members, supporters and activists 1K Scientists, economists, policy experts, lawyers and more 50+ Years of driving real, meaningful change 30+ Countries around the world where we work Issues we address We’re tackling the biggest issues and striving for maximum impact to ensure a clean energy transition, healthy communities and the ability of people and nature to thrive. Energy transition Advancing toward a clean energy future Natural solutions Boosting nature’s ability to capture and store carbon Sustainable fishing Making fishing communities stronger and fish more plentiful Hydrogen Helping the world get hydrogen energy right Clean Air Helping a billion people breathe cleaner air in this decade Methane Slashing methane to slow global warming right now Agriculture Transforming agriculture to benefit billions of people globally Safer chemicals Moving from toxic chemicals to safer, sustainable alternatives How we get results that last We bring together people from all sides and draw from deep expertise to tackle environmental issues from every angle. Scientific evidence Applying evidence to identify the most effective solutions Economic sustainability Using economic forces to protect our environment Powerful partnerships Creating alliances across a wide range of allies Climate justice Building a more equitable home on this planet we share Strong advocacy Shaping public policy and taking legal action Commitment to diversity Making transformative change for diversity, equity and inclusion Vital Signs Latest stories We bring you in-depth reporting about the people and ideas making a difference. See all stories Breaking MethaneSAT live updates: A new frontier in the climate fight Analysis Innovation blooms on African farms People Meet the rancher exposing the dangers of natural gas to our health Climate change On thin ice: Climate change is putting hockey at risk. Players are on defense Profile This scientist is developing a satellite to fight climate change Maximize your impact Protecting our planet is a big job — it takes millions of people like you to bring bold solutions to life around the world. Your support matters. $1-for-$1 match on new monthly gifts We can protect polar bears and the Arctic from the worst effects of climate change — but only with your help. Help cut methane pollution and fight climate change Together we can bring innovative solutions to the world's greatest environmental challenges. $1-for-$1 match on new monthly gifts Together we can bring innovative solutions to the world's greatest environmental challenges. Another easy way to help Join a powerful force of over 3 million allies Get tips on how you can protect the environment Get alerts when there are crucial petitions to sign Email address About EDF Commitment to diversity Careers Offices News and resources News and updates Reports and publications For the media Members Become a member Take action Contact Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Facebook TikTok Copyright © 2024 Environmental Defense Fund. All Rights Reserved. Privacy statement. Terms of Use. Environmental Defense Fund is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law. Tax identification number 11-6107128. EDF operates with the highest standards of ethics and open, honest communication. Read our whistleblower policy or report a concern through our confidential, third-party compliance site.