Home | The National WWII Museum | New Orleans Skip to Main Content of WWII Visit Stay Events More Travel Store Campus Calendar BB's Stage Door Canteen Search Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Purchase Tickets Visit LIBERATION PAVILION Plan Your Visit Museum Campus Guide Exhibits Groups Accessibility Dining Museum Tours Parking Stay Expressions of America Package The Higgins Hotel & Conference Center Hotel Dining Events View Upcoming Programming Events Calendar Events Calendar Educational Travel Conferences & Symposia Event Recaps BB's Stage Door Canteen Special Events Youth and Family Programs Public Programs Students and Teachers Private Event Rentals Student Educational Experiences The War Learn More WWII Research Services Explore By Topic All Articles Profiles From the Collection Research A Veteran WWII Veteran Statistics Jenny Craig Institute for the Study of War and Democracy Podcasts Seize & Secure: The Battle for La Fière Students & Teachers Learn More Electronic Field Trips Distance Learning Field Trips Educator Resources School Programs Student Travel Student Resources ASU Partnership Madlyn and Paul Hilliard Research Library About Us Explore Our Mission Mission / Vision / Values Our Team Our Partners Annual Reports and Financials Notes from the Museum Join Our Team Rights & Reproduction Give Join Today Become a Member Ways To Give $10 For Them Become a Member Honor Roll of Charter Members Brick and Paver Tributes Honor Your Hero Capital Campaign Gift Planning Other Ways to Support the Museum Donor Privacy Policy %} Liberation Pavilion New Exhibit Pavilion Now Open Buy Tickets %} Making Masters of the Air A Podcast by The National WWII Museum Learn More %} Women's History Month Events Learn More %} 80th Anniversary of D-Day Cruise: D-Day & The Bomber War An All-Inclusive Tour Aboard Seabourn Ovation Learn More %} Special Exhibit Our War Too: Women in Service Learn More %} Join us for Family Night at Expressions of America Learn More %} Accessibility Options The National WWII Museum is committed to making its galleries, exhibits, pavilions, and programs accessible to all visitors. Learn More Open today 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Plan Your Visit Our Mission The National WWII Museum tells the story of the American experience in the war that changed the world—why it was fought, how it was won, and what it means today—so that all generations will understand the price of freedom and be inspired by what they learn. Learn More Discover The Museum Explore our exhibits Explore our exhibits Uncover The History Read the latest articles Read the latest articles Capital Campaign The Expansion See the plans See the plans Latest From Around The Museum Article Type From the Collection Hitting the Silk: The Caterpillar Club Named for the silkworm caterpillar, which produced the silk originally used to make parachutes, the club encapsulates the precariousness of its member’s experiences with its motto: “Life depends on a silken thread.” In Memoriam Marc Pachter: Remembering a Mentor and Friend Museum President & CEO Emeritus Nick Mueller mourns the loss of friend and colleague Marc Pachter. Article Type Article Unaccounted For No More: Sgt. Harold Hammett WWII US Marine Corps Sergeant Harold Hammett, fallen on Tarawa in 1943, is finally laid to rest in the family plot after 80 years. Article Type Article The Second Great Fire of London: 'A Dreadful Masterpiece' In this column, journalist Ernie Pyle describes the bombing of London in late December 1940 as “the most hateful, most beautiful single scene” he had ever witnessed as the city was “stabbed with fire” by the German Luftwaffe. Article Type Article What Happened to Lieutenant Curtis R. Biddick? Spoilers ahead for Episode 3 of Masters of the Air. Explore WWII History Explore Updates from the Museum Events & Public Programs See All Upcoming Events BB's Stage Door Canteen Lady Legends Matinee Luncheon 03/07/2024 | 11:45 AM - 2:00 PM Honoring the legendary female singing groups from the 1930s to the 1960s and beyond. Buy Tickets Learn More BB's Stage Door Canteen Wartime Piano Happy Hour 03/08/2024 | 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM Head to The Higgins Hotel for a live instrumental showcase of wartime piano music. Buy Tickets Learn More Anniversaries & Commemorations Chinese American Veterans of WWII Congressional Gold Medal Commemoration 03/09/2024 | 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM Join The National WWII Museum, in partnership with the Chinese American WWII Veterans Recognition Project, in recognizing Chinese American veterans of World War II. Register Learn More Students & Teachers Free Student Webinar: Eleanor Roosevelt and Women's History Month 03/11/2024 | 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Join The National WWII Museum for this special Women's History Month student webinar about First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. Register Learn More Trending Topics Explore The War Masters of the Air Learn More Women of World War II Learn More WWII Medal of Honor Recipients Learn More African Americans in World War II Learn More Event Recaps Explore More Event Recaps Event Recap Meet the Author: James B. Conroy, 'The Devils Will Get No Rest' Conroy discussed his unique perspective of the Anglo-American clash over military strategy in January 1943 that ultimately produced the Allied plan for victory in World War II. Event Recap 2023 International Conference on World War II The 16th International Conference on World War II, a program of the Jenny Craig Institute for the Study of War and Democracy at The National WWII Museum, was presented by the Pritzker Military Foundation on behalf of Pritzker Military Museum & Library, with additional support from The Gen. Raymond E. Mason Jr. Distinguished Lecture Series on World War II Endowment Fund. Event Recap Pearl Harbor Commemorative Ceremony During this year’s commemorative ceremony, pay tribute to those who lost their lives on December 7, 1941, through a moving program that brings to life the enduring significance and legacy of this day, its heroic Medal of Honor actions, and its relevance today. Event Recap Keep in Touch: Letters of Hope During this webinar, Linda Hope, daughter of Bob Hope, and The National WWII Museum will discuss her father’s legacy by examining some of the letters he received, emphasizing how this translates to current classrooms and how letter writing can still make an impact on active military communities today. Event Recap Why Did "Kristallnacht" Happen? Teaching the History of European Antisemitism Learn about Kristallnacht or the “Night of Broken Glass” and how the history of European antisemitism helped lead to this event. Event Recap Meet the Author—Borderlands Biography: Z. Anthony Kruszewski in Wartime Europe and Postwar America Join us for an engaging evening with Z. Anthony Kruszewski—an eyewitness to the war in Europe, an extraordinary man, and leading intellectual in the Polish-American community. Event Recap Lunchbox Lecture: Unconditional Extermination: Operation Reinhard and the SS Camps at Belzec, Sobibor, and Treblinka This presentation will offer a detailed history of the Operation Reinhard camps Belzec, Sobibor, and Treblinka in 1942–1943 and where they might fit in the larger history of the Holocaust. Event Recap Lunchbox Lecture: Mealtime in the Mess Halls: Food in the Japanese American Incarceration Camps of World War II During World War II, 120,000 Japanese Americans attempted to adjust to their lives behind barbed wire at one of 10 incarceration camps—and this included encountering new food served in the mess halls. Event Recap Lunchbox Lecture: Holocaust By Bullets Before the killing centers opened at Birkenau, Treblinka, Sobibor, Belzec, and Majdanek, Jews were already being murdered by the Germans, their Axis allies, and local collaborators in Ukraine, Belarus, and other USSR republics. Event Recap A Black Soldier's Letters Home Join us for a special program highlighting wartime correspondence from James Killion, Jr. Event Recap China's War, China's Memories Join us for an engaging conversation about Sir Rana Mitter's two masterful works, Forgotten Ally and China’s Good War: How World War II Is Shaping a New Nationalism. Event Recap Meet the Author--"Old Breed General: How Marine Corps General William H. Rupertus Broke the Back of the Japanese in World War II From Guadalcanal to Peleliu" Old Breed General is the biography of Rupertus and the story of the Marines at war in the Pacific. Event Recap The Orlin Russell Corey Memorial Lecture--Mary Churchill's War: The Wartime Diaries of Churchill's Youngest Daughter Join us for a conversation on a unique and evocative portrait of World War II—and a charming coming-of-age story—from the private diaries of Winston Churchill's youngest daughter, Mary. Event Recap Dr. Hal Baumgarten D-Day Commemoration Ceremony The National WWII Museum marked the 78th anniversary of D-Day and 22nd birthday of the Museum on Monday, June 6, 2022, highlighted by the Dr. Hal Baumgarten D-Day Commemoration Ceremony. Event Recap Lunchbox Lecture: Accounting for the D-Day Fallen Join us to learn more about the complex research project and hear the stories of recently uncovered D-Day fatalities—and why, ultimately, there may never be a complete register of all those killed on one of the most important days of the 20th century. Event Recap Memorial Day at The National WWII Museum Join us for a day of solemn remembrance of those who paid the ultimate price for their country. Event Recap The History of European Antisemitism Learn about the origins, evolution, and persistence of antisemitism in European history. In this webinar, teachers will gain the knowledge and resources needed to help students better understand the trajectory and development of antisemitism. Event Recap The Last Gathering: An Evening with Two Normandy Veterans The National WWII Museum is honored to present a special evening featuring a conversation with two veterans of the European Theater, along with documentary screening covering their return to Normandy for the 75th Anniversary of D-Day. Oral History Profiles Explore More Oral History Profiles Article Type Profile Mark Gordon Hazard, 79th Infantry Division Mark Hazard discusses a patrol he led behind German lines just before the assault on Hagenau with the objective of capturing a German soldier to interrogate for information about enemy strength in the area. Article Type Profile Benjamin Carson, 2nd Marine Raider Battalion Benjamin Carson talks about volunteering for the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion and the brutally realistic training they received in San Diego to prepare for combat in the Pacific. Article Type Profile Jack Glass, USS Enterprise (CV-6) Jack Glass describes his experiences aboard the USS Enterprise (CV-6) during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons in August 1942. Article Type Profile Frank Buschmeier, 100th Bomb Group Frank Buschmeier discusses his capture and subsequent imprisonment after his B-17 was shot down during a mission to Merseberg, Germany in July 1944. Article Type Profile James “Horse Collar” Smith, 1st Marine Raider Battalion James “Horse Collar” Smith describes his experiences during the Battle of Bloody Ridge on Guadalcanal in September 1942. Article Type Profile Walter Jacobs, 77th Infantry Division Walter Jacobs talks about encountering a wounded Japanese soldier during the fighting on Ie Shima and how he believes that his sparing of an enemy soldier’s life resulted in him surviving the fighting there and later on Okinawa. Article Type Profile Florence Reynolds, WASP Florence Reynolds describes a negative encounter she had with an Army Air Forces maintenance officer when she questioned the condition of an aircraft she was ordered to fly. Article Type Profile William S. Jones, 7th Infantry Division, Attu William S. Jones describes his experiences during the fight to recapture Attu in the Aleutian Islands in May 1943. Article Type Profile Mike “Iron Mike” Mervosh, 4th Marine Division Mike Mervosh describes his experience with the flag raising on Iwo Jima. Article Type Profile Herbert Helibrun, 301st Bomb Group Herbert Heilbrun describes the Christmas 1944 mission he took part in to bomb the oil refineries at Brux, Czechoslovakia and how well defended the area was. Article Type Profile Stanley Wolczyk, 7th Infantry Division, Attu Stanley Wolczyk discusses his experiences on Attu in May 1943 and being wounded late in the fight, a wound which ended his Army service. Article Type Profile Charles McGee, 332nd Fighter Group Charles McGee discusses flying bomber escort for 15th Air Force heavy bombardment groups and downing a German Focke Wulf Fw 190 during one of those missions. Article Type Profile George Peto, 1st Marine Division George Peto describes an uphill assault he took part in on Okinawa that ended up being his proudest day in the Marine Corps, despite the tremendous casualties his company suffered. Article Type Profile Maynard David, 504th Bomb Group Maynard David talks about a particularly harrowing mission he and his crew flew to Tokyo, Japan in May 1945. Article Type Profile Theodore “Dutch” Van Kirk, Navigator on the Enola Gay Theodore “Dutch” Van Kirk, navigator on the Enola Gay, describes arriving at Wendover Field, Utah and figuring out that he would be taking part in a mission to drop an atomic bomb. Article Type Profile Joseph Sasser, 50th Engineers, Attu Joseph Sasser discusses his experiences on Engineer Hill during the final hours of the Battle of Attu in May 1943. A PODCAST SERIES FROM THE NATIONAL WWII MUSEUM Making Masters of the Air Join hosts Kirk Saduski and Donald Miller each week for The National WWII Museum's Making Masters of the Air podcast presented by Boeing to dive deeper into the making of Masters of the Air and explore the history behind the Apple TV+ series. New podcast episodes available Fridays. Learn More "Service on Celluloid" Podcasts Browse all episodes Stalag 17 Learn More Minisode To Flags of Our Fathers Learn More Flags of Our Fathers Learn More Minisode To Guadalcanal Diary Learn More Due to ongoing construction on the Museum’s main entrance, guests must enter through a temporary entrance on Magazine Street near the Soda Shop. US Freedom Pavilion: The Boeing Center will be closing at 3:00 p.m. on March 7 and 8. This website uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using this website, you accept our use of cookies. Accept Every day, memories of World War II—its sights and sounds, its terrors and triumphs—disappear. Give Today Open today 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 945 Magazine Street, New Orleans, LA 70130info@nationalww2museum.org 504-528-1944 About the Museum Media Join Our Team Contact Us Volunteer Rentals Privacy Policy FAQs Accessibility Buy Tickets Become a Member Donate Museum Store Follow Us Today Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Sign Up for our Newsletter #1 Attraction in New Orleans View Campus Map