Dandelion API - Semantic Text Analytics as a service Support Dandelion API Toggle navigation Try me! Docs Pricing FAQ Support Login Sign Up Dandelion API Semantic Text Analytics as a service Dandelion API Context Intelligence: from text to actionable data. Extract meaning from unstructured text and put it in context with a simple API. Thanks to its revolutionary technology, Dandelion API works well even on short and malformed texts in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish and Portuguese. More Info & Demo Entity Extraction Find mentions of places, people, brands and events in documents and social media. Easily get additional data about the entities. READ MORE Sentiment Analysis Identify whether the expressed opinion in short texts (like product reviews) is positive, negative, or neutral. READ MORE Keywords / Concepts Extraction Automatically identify important, contextually relevant, concepts and key-phrases in articles and social media posts. READ MORE Semantic Similarity Compare two texts and compute their syntactic and semantic similarity. Understand when two texts are about the same subject. READ MORE More features SELECTED CLIENTS PARTNERS Our valued partners help us provide our unique technology to agencies, banks, and large companies. They already integrated Dandelion API in several organizations around the world: Discover how CASE STUDIES: FINTECH Unveiling Bank's behaviour: leveraging Big Data & Text Analytics for Marketing Intelligence Understanding how a bank operates, who its clients are and how the bank behaves with regard to different industry sectors and geographic areas are very valuable information for marketers. Until today, this kind of information was obtained from very expensive, poorly representative and often very imprecise market studies subject to rapid obsolescence. Read about how our clients used Dandelion API to analyze millions of public documents in order to understand the relationships between more than 5 million companies and their banks. Download Case Study Technology Linked Data Knowledge Graph Extracted entities are linked with the huge amount of additional data available in our internal Knowledge Graph, which contains both open and proprietary high-quality data. This Knowledge Graph is in turn linked to the Linked Open Data Cloud. Blazing fast & multilingual Instead of classic NLP technologies, Dandelion API leverages its underlying Knowledge Graph, without relying on traditional NLP pipelines. This makes it faster, more scalable, easier to customize and natively language independent. Cloud Based SaaS Easy to integrate into existing systems via a powerful REST API, the engine runs on a scalable infrastructure that can process millions of documents per-day. We also offer on-premise integration for enterprise customers with special data protection issues. HOW TO USE curl https://api.dandelion.eu/datatxt/nex/v1/ -d text='The doctor says an apple is better than a pear' { "lang": "en", "langConfidence": 1.0, "annotations": [ { "confidence": 0.7879, "lod": { "wikipedia": "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple", "dbpedia": "http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple" }, "abstract": "The apple is the pomaceous fruit of the...", "label": "Apple", "spot": "apple", "start": 19, "end": 24, "categories": [ //... ] } ] } RESTYou can use our API straight from the command line! NERD Ruby Python NodeJS OpenRefine Virtuoso Apache Stanbol Wordpress INTEGRATIONSThanks to our wonderful user community many integrations are readily available. See documentation SpazioDati Via A. Olivetti 13, 38122, Trento (TN) - Dandelion API built with ❤ by SpazioDati S.r.l. Company subject to management and coordination of Cerved Group S.p.A. site privacy | api privacy | tos | cookies | consent preferences Contact Us @dandelionapi Need more info or a custom project? Write us: hello@dandelion.eu About Us We're a startup based in Italy, specialized in Semantics & Big Data.Find out more about us at spaziodati.eu