Home | University of Waterloo Skip to main content Jump to Jump to Admissions About Waterloo Faculties & Academics Offices & Services Support Waterloo Open Search Location Search for Search Location On all sites ± Discover your limitless potential in a community that supports your success Explore our programs → #1 for hands-on experiential learning in Canada Macleans Student Voices Survey 2022 #1 school for entrepreneurs in Canada Pitchbook University Rankings 2023 #1 comprehensive research university in Canada Research Infosource 2023 Discover Waterloo by the numbers → Latest news Math Taking the waste out of 3D printing 3cycle aims to expand its 3D printed waste recycling program beyond a regional scale Campus Waterloo to host Times Higher Education Digital Health 2025 Summit will bring together prominent global experts in health and technology to accelerate innovation through academic-industry partnerships Engineering And the Oscar goes to… Waterloo alum, Mike Perkins, wins an Academy Award for breakthrough tech that brings a new level of detail to the big screen Environment U.S. ski industry suffers $5B hit from climate change First-of-its-kind study estimates the economic damages climate change has had on the U.S. ski industry over the past two decades View all Waterloo News Our Global Futures The 2024 Innovation Update showcases the future we're creating for humanity and our planet Meet Waterloo's changemakers and innovators → Making life with diabetes better. We're on it. Painless microneedle patch to transform Type 1 diabetes monitoring. Learn more → Upcoming events Mar 5 5:00 pm 2024 TD Walter Bean Public Lecture Dr. Denis Aheto will discuss a holistic approach to caring for the world’s oceans, lakes and rivers. Using examples from African countries, he will explore how the global community can transform the challenges facing our oceans into opportunities for growth to bolster sustainable development and stimulate socioeconomic transformation. Mar 8 3:00 pm Women in Innovation Mixer Make finding connections and collaborations simple. Celebrate International Women’s Day with Velocity! Are you a woman-identifying and/or gender-diverse student interested in innovation? Get to know others from different disciplines and courses at our upcoming mixer! Mar 13 12:00 pm Safeguarding water values through collaborative water governance As part of the Water Institute's webinar series: The Value of Water in Canada, Merrell-Ann Phare, Commissioner, International Joint Commission, Founding Executive Director of the Centre for Indigenous Environmental Resources (CIER), will present: Safeguarding water values through collaborative water governance. View all Waterloo Events University of Waterloo University of Waterloo 43.471468 -80.544205 Campus map Campus map 200 University Avenue West Waterloo, ON, Canada N2L 3G1 +1 519 888 4567 Contact Waterloo Accessibility News Maps & directions Privacy Careers WatSAFE Copyright Feedback The University of Waterloo acknowledges that much of our work takes place on the traditional territory of the Neutral, Anishinaabeg and Haudenosaunee peoples. Our main campus is situated on the Haldimand Tract, the land granted to the Six Nations that includes six miles on each side of the Grand River. Our active work toward reconciliation takes place across our campuses through research, learning, teaching, and community building, and is co-ordinated within the Office of Indigenous Relations. Instagram Instagram X (formerly Twitter) X (formerly Twitter) LinkedIn LinkedIn Facebook Facebook YouTube YouTube @uwaterloo social directory On It Check WHERE THERE’S A CHALLENGE,WATERLOO ISON IT. Learn how → ©2024 All rights reserved