Company | LTK rewardStyle and LIKEtoKNOW.it are now part of the LTK global family of brands. Company Creators Creator Blog Brands LTK for Brands LTK Connect Shopify Brands Brand Verticals Retail Beauty Women's Fashion Men's Fashion Home CPG Luxury Travel Entertainment Brand Partners Brand Channels Get Started Brand Central Newsroom Careers English Deutsch English - Australia English - United Kingdom Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil 한국어 中文 - 繁體 简体中文 Log In Brand Creator Company Creators Creator Blog Brands LTK for Brands LTK Connect Shopify Brands Brand Verticals Retail Beauty Women's Fashion Men's Fashion Home CPG Luxury Travel Entertainment Brand Partners Brand Channels Get Started Brand Central Newsroom Careers English Deutsch English - Australia English - United Kingdom Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil 한국어 中文 - 繁體 简体中文 Log In Brand Creator A brand built on Creator innovation We are driving more than $4B in annual online sales by uniting brands, Creators and shoppers. A brand built on Creator innovation We are driving more than $4B in annual online sales by uniting brands, Creators and shoppers. LTK Connect rated next-to-perfect, with 4.8 stars as the best tool for brands by Influencer Marketing Hub LTK Connect honored with Gold Award for "The Hookup - Best Tech for Brands" by US Partnership Awards LTK Releases 2023 Gen Z Shopper Study LTK Launches New Social Media Advertising for Brands The Shopping Tech That Helps Influencers Make Money (Bloomberg) Creating an industry In 2011, LTK (rewardStyle and LIKEtoKNOW.it are now part of LTK) was just an idea—a dream of how to simultaneously help brands and lifestyle Creators monetize the digital space. Today, we’re a global community of more than 700 team members, hundreds of thousands of the world’s premium Creators, 7,000 retailers, and 1 million brands across more than 160 countries. Pioneering a proprietary ecosystem of innovative technology, strategic growth consulting, global brand partnerships, and expansive shopper distribution, we’ve done more than just monetize Creator Marketing—we created the industry and are defining the next decade. Brands Brands are the paint on the LTK Creator's brush. Items are meticulously selected and organically promoted through platforms that shoppers are already utilizing for inspiration. Brands are provided end-to-end strategic guidance and in-depth data to drive maximum impact. 7K+ RETAILERS 1M BRANDS Creators From day one, Creators have sat at the center of the LTK mission due to their ability to authentically inspire their shoppers through curated messaging. They define retail trends by providing fit, function, and value to drive purchase confidence. 160+ COUNTRIES $2.5B+ INVESTED IN CREATORS Shoppers LTK has forever changed shoppers’ buying experience. Strong relationships between Creators and Brands, create more curated content for shoppers. Our Creator ecosystem benefits more than brands. It provides a more efficient purchasing process for buyers across the world. $4B ANNUAL ONLINE SALES Millions of monthly shoppers Team LTK Since 2011, LTK has grown from a few people in a studio apartment in Dallas, Texas to more than 700 team members worldwide. LTK Con Launched in 2013, our invitation-only education and networking event for brands and top performing global Creators has become the most sought-after invitation in the industry. Global Expansion Since opening our first international office in London in 2012, we’ve expanded our reach with operations in Brazil, France, China, South Korea, Germany, Australia, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. LTK Shopping app LTK is the world’s largest contextual shopping app. The app has played a key role in transforming how shoppers purchase with confidence by offering unprecedented convenience, accessibility, and data-driven personalization to drive discovery, curation, and brand sales. $4B in Retail Sales Annually, shoppers purchase more than $4 billion in brand products through original content in the LTK channel. Stories from the Influencer Next Door Released in 2018, our first book, Stories from the Influencer Next Door, was already an Amazon Best-Seller before it went live. It shares the stories of more than 100 LTK Creators from across the globe who have been empowered by the LTK platform to provide for themselves and their families through entrepreneurship. LTK influencer radio Amber Venz Box sits down with some of the top LTK Creators who have mastered the art of curating authentic, inviting, and accessible online spaces that people are drawn to and can’t get enough of. Listen in to hear their take on all things influence, solo-prenuership, and life in general. PRESIDENT & CO-FOUNDER Amber Venz Box A recognized style Creator, Amber conceptualized and launched LTK (rewardStyle and LIKEtoKNOW.it are now part of LTK) at the age of 23 as a solution to monetize her fashion blog, venzedits.com. Her experience in almost every niche of the fashion industry—shop girl, editorial stylist, fit model, retail buyer, and jewelry designer—provided unique perspective in crafting the proprietary tools that would fuel LTK's global success. A three-time featured keynote speaker at SXSW, she has recently been named a Forbes’ 30 Under 30, Inc. Magazine’s Most Influential Millennials, a member of Business of Fashion’s 500, and one of Entrepreneur Magazine’s “15 Female Entrepreneurs to Watch.” CEO & CO-FOUNDER Baxter Box A skilled engineer and investor, Baxter launched his career through a series of innovative tech startups. A University of San Diego graduate with a degree in engineering—and an MBA recipient from Southern Methodist University’s Cox School of Business—he went on to start a successful web incubator in 2008, where he served as President and Chairman. As the co-founder of LTK, Baxter is the driving force behind the company’s business and product strategy. Leadership CFO & COO, International Jeff Dawson Chief People Officer Patricia Gonzales Chief Technology Officer Ty Amell GM of Creator Shopping Kit Ulrich GM of Brand Platform Kristi O'Brien General Counsel Brittany Degan Around the world Over 700 people work across 11 countries to provide services in more than a dozen languages—with teams based in the United States, United Kingdom, Brazil, France, South Korea, Germany, China, Australia, Italy, Spain, and the Netherlands. US | UK | Germany | France | Brazil | Australia | China | South Korea | NETHERLANDS | ITALY | SPAIN A growing global team The LTK team has grown from a few people in a studio apartment in Dallas, Texas to more than 700 people worldwide. We wake up every day ready to empower Creators and fuel the growing Creator economy. We attract innovators who are looking to make an impact globally and who are humble, hungry, and people smart. LTK influencer radio Amber Venz Box sits down with some of the top LTK Creators who have mastered the art of curating authentic, inviting, and accessible online storefronts. Listen in to hear their take on Creator Marketing, solo-prenuership, and life in general. Stories from the Influencer Next Door “An influencer bible.” – AdWeek Our coffee table book, Stories from the Influencer Next Door, provides a glimpse into our Creators’ founding stories, and a behind-the-scenes peek into how they built their businesses. English Deutsch English - Australia English - United Kingdom Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil 한국어 中文 - 繁體 简体中文 Follow Us Podcast: Influencer Radio @shop.LTK @LTK.home @LTK.family @LTK.asia @LTK.europe @LTK.brasil @LTK.australia Learn More LTK Become a Creator Brand Platform Newsroom Company Careers Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Do Not Sell Patents Support Get Help Contact Us English Deutsch English - Australia English - United Kingdom Español Français Italiano Português - Brasil 한국어 中文 - 繁體 简体中文 Legal Stuff Privacy Policy © 2024 rewardStyle, Inc