Empowering the influencer generation - influence.co Creators Businesses Login Join the community! Creators Businesses Login Join the community! Everything you need to make it as a creator. Join the first professional network designed for influencers and creators. Create your profile today to make money, learn from one another, and meet people through communities. Get started today Are you a business looking to engage with influencers and creators in our community? Learn more here! Stop showcasing your title, and start showcasing your work. Join over 300,000 members who use influence.co to be the professional network where they: Make Money Meet People Learn Things Build your creator resume Stephanie (@letslearnaboutscience) is a mom, scientist, author, and new influencer. She turned to the community on Answers for advice on how to set her rate. Influencer marketing expert Stephanie of @socialcreatesimpact provided her with numerous tips such as defining her ideal rate, acceptable rate, and minimum rate. She’s now leveraging those rates in her communication with brands and has begun to turn influencer marketing into a profitable business. MAKE MONEY Turn your passion into a business with our multiple ways to monetize your influence. Most creators begin their professional journey with brand deals. That's why we have thousands of live campaigns available for members right now! Looking to monetize your audience? We do that too through paid Creator Communities, tipping, and more! Get started today Meet some of our amazing community members Our members build professional profiles to network with their peers and businesses on and off the community. Sonya Singh 20.1k @sonyaxsingh United States of America Pedro Alves 122k @pedroalves Portugal TORIA CURBELO 35.4k @toriaserviss Charlotte, North Carolina Kevin Robert 20.1k @mrkevinrobert United States of America Ifeoluwa Anani 14.0k @stylecommodity High Point, North Carolina Farah Hosny 50.2k @wandertowherever Egypt CHELSIE PAIGE 27.6k @chelsiee.paige Los Angeles, California Amanda Tenenzapf 🎬 10.0k @amandatenenofficial United States of America Rudi Witkowsky 3.3k @rudiwitkowsky Croatia OLIVIA CAPUTO 125k @olivia_caputo New York City, New York Lauren Gill 43.2k @lifestylesbylauren New York Lia Karpiak 316k @lalicler London, England, GB Olya Mosendz 399k @olya_mosendz North Hollywood, California Nadezhda Kuleshova 172k @kuleshova Los Angeles, California Camille Gray 5.4k @camilleroyelle United States of America Brandon Zingale 1.2M @brandonzingale Cleveland, Ohio Kim Opara 1.6M @kimoprah Nigeria Brittany | Five Foot Feminine 51.0k @fivefootfeminine Scottsdale, Arizona Evija Fogele 36.9k @evijafo Latvia LAUREN🌿 5.4k @laurenkaufman2 Shaker Heights, Ohio Tygee Sensei 13.9k @tygeesensei South Carolina Cathy (@thecathydean) created a Creator Community for Foodie Bloggers and influencers so she can share her knowledge and build a community. Scott (@bartlowsbbq) is a new member of the Foodie Blogger community and asked how to promote his YouTube channel using Pinterest. Cathy suggested switching to a business account and creating a 1:2 ratio pin that represents the YouTube video he wants to drive traffic towards. Scott implemented her tips immediately and has already seen an increase in reach of 700. MEET PEOPLE We built a modern chat and community product native to creators. Creator communities allow creators to join and build communities with other creators, their fans, and the businesses they're working with. We are the only community product that is designed for creators from the ground up. Get started today Get a glimpse into some live communities Whether you're looking to learn from other creators, build your own community, or foster deeper relationships with brands, there's a Creator Community for you. Get Started. Foodie Bloggers and influencers created by Cathy Dean Hey everyone!! Please use this channel to introduce yourself to the Food Bloggers and Influencers community! Tell us your name, where you're from, if you have a specific food-niche you like to promote, and anything else you'd like to share. Feel free to drop a link to your blog and/or main social media influence platform! MEMBERS Community Advocates created by SAMMIE MEDINA Hey my name is Sammie, I grew up in New Jersey but recently moved to Long Island, NY. I am a lifestyle content creator and you can usually find me on Instagram or TikTok. Fun fact, I actually hate being in front of the camera! For me, community means having a group of people around willing to share value, and help one another grow! MEMBERS Social Media Guide created by Niecy Vaughan Hey y’all I’m Niecy. I’m from Maryland but currently residing in the great state of Texas. My main focus for my content is fashion. However, I love to dabble in kids, food/drink, beauty and home. I pretty much mix lifestyle within my content lol. I do have a larger presence on Instagram. I am spread out on Facebook, Tik Tok and Pinterest ... MEMBERS What the Frizz created by Sydney Hi everyone! Thank you for joining What the Frizz? hair community. I just wanted to share a little information about me. My name is Sydney and I'm 26. I currently work 9-5 doing social media management and operations. When I'm not working I'm in school finishing up my master degree while modeling on the side. In the midst ... MEMBERS Christina (@veryhungrygreek) came to influence.co to work with brands who have the same vision as her. She shares with the community that she is going to quit her full-time job, and is leveraging influence.co to help her become a full time food blogger/influencer. She expresses her excitement and looks forward to seeing where influence.co can take her and her career. LEARN THINGS Stay up to date with the latest trends and insights with Answers. Answers lets influencers, creators, and businesses learn from each other. Similar to Quora, you can ask a question, get answers, share insight, and emerge as a thought-leader in the community. Most importantly, never be out of the loop! Get started today Preview the community's questions and answers. With over 25 Spaces such as Collaboration Tips and Tricks, Instagram, and Photography & Editing there's something for everyone to learn about and contribute. COLLABORATION TIPS AND TRICKS SAMMIE MEDINA @sproutwithsammie What are some things creators could be doing better to secure more deals? 5 naomilennon @naomilennon I would say first of all, don't be afraid when you get a deal coming in to take a little bit more control of that read more View 2 more answers PHOTOGRAPHY AND EDITING Feyen Renata @seadbeady What are some of your favorite props when taking flat lay photos of products? 5 ᴄᴀᴛᴀʀɪɴᴀ @wherescatarina I have a dozen colored boards I use for my flat lays, I also went to Home Depot and picked up some different read more View 10 more answers INSTAGRAM Anya Malenotti @anyamlnt Should you place hashtags in the comments or in the caption? 5 Hillary's Of Houston @hillarymarek INSTA-HACK! Here's how to hide hashtags from your audience in the caption. Write your 1 sentence read more View 3 more answers ASK THE BUSINESSES Cassidy @cassidysw0rld What are businesses looking for in an influencer? 10 Stephanie Stabulis @socialcreatesimpact Make sure you are using relevant hashtags and start using and tagging businesses in your content. Honestly one of the best ways to get read more View 2 more answers Our Community of Businesses Find over 2,000 opportunities for collaboration with businesses such as: Empowering the influence economy. Learn Influencers For Businesses Answers About Pricing Blog Resource Center Infographics FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Find Search Influencer Campaigns Amazon Influencers Location Database Category Database Chrome Extension Profile Index Industry Data Influencer Rates Engagement Rates Copyright © 2024 influence.co. All content from social networks © their respective owners. Made with ❤️ in Denver Log in to influence.co Forgot email, username, or password? Click here. Need an account? Sign up. Sign up for influence.co Please enter your email address to get started By joining, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Policy. Already have an account? Sign in