Rank Math - Best Free WordPress SEO Tools in 2024 Get AI SEO for FREE. Learn More! Turn On Accessibile Colors Mode 2.18 Million+Happy Users SEO Plugin Content AI Pricing SEO Plugin Pricing Content AI Pricing Tools Meta Tag Analyzer SEO Analyzer Help Support Knowledge Base My AccountDownload WordPress SEO Made Easy Rank Math is the most powerful way to get BEST WordPress SEO tools added to your website. DOWNLOAD FOR FREE Try Demo Here Recommended By The Best SEOs On The Planet Moz Backlinko Search Engine Journal HubSpot What is Rank Math? Rank Math is a Search Engine Optimization plugin for WordPress that makes it easy for anyone to optimize their content with built-in suggestions based on widely-accepted best practices. Easily customize important SEO settings, control which pages are indexable, and how you want your website to appear in search with Structured data. Rank Math Integrates With Your Favorite Platforms Twitter Bing Facebook Google Pinterest LinkedIn Google Search Console What you can do with Rank Math The tools you need to run successful websites are at your fingertips. 15+ built-in modules you can enable & configure based on your requirements Measure and track keyword rankings to keep a pulse on your SEO success Run a detailed SEO analysis to identify issues based on 30 known factors Easy one-click imports for seamless migrations from other SEO plugins Fully compatible with both the WordPress Gutenberg & Classic Editors Win rich snippets with support for 20+ Schema types (incl. FAQ & HowTo) Check all the features... Top-performing World Leading Companies Use Rank Math SEO WebMD Twitch H&M AppSumo Jeep DepositPhotos Take The Guesswork Out Of WordPress SEO Stop manually configuring your site to meet best practices. Rank Math saves you from countless hours of repetitive work and makes optimize posts easy so you can actually get your site to rank higher. Is this short enough? Easy to Follow Setup Wizard Rank Math practically configures itself. Rank Math features a step-by-step installation and configuration wizard that sets up SEO for WordPress perfectly. Upon installation, Rank Math verifies your site’s settings and recommends the ideal settings for best performance. The step-by-step wizard then sets up your site’s SEO, social profiles, webmaster profiles and other SEO settings. Clean, & Simple User Interface Rank Math is designed to present the right information to you at the right time. The simple, but powerful user-interface highlights important information about your posts alongside the post itself. Using this information, you can improve your post’s SEO instantaneously. Rank Math also features advanced snippet previews. You can preview how your post will appear in the SERPs, preview rich snippets, and even preview how your post will look when shared on social media. Built With Performance In Mind We take performance extremely seriously and have years of experience with building software for WordPress websites. Continuously improving our plugin’s performance and ensuring new functionality doesn’t compromise this so it is as fast as possible is our top priority. Industry-Leading Support We take care of our own. You won’t be left high and dry when you use Rank Math. We offer one of the fastest turn-around times for support queries and resolve issues faster & effectively. We provide support as if we were asking for it. Our team is available round the clock to help. Your all-in-one solution for all the SEO needs Automatically run 30 extremely helpful SEO tests to ensure your site has been configured properly. Keep a pulse on your website's performance in search with Rank Math's built-in Google Search Console integration. Track the performance of individual keywords and their respective click-through rates at a glance without ever leaving the WordPress admin area. Easily configure 16 different types of structured data (Schema markup) without playing around with HTML and hoping for the best. With frequent code reviews and a proactive team of developers, rest assured Rank Math is secure and we protect your privacy at all costs. We take support seriously, are here to make sure no questions are left unanswered and that you have a smooth experience. SEO Analyzer Google Search Console Keyword Ranking Schema Markup Secure Code & Privacy 24x7 Support Know More Leading SEOs are Loving Rank Math! Do not miss this golden oppotunity toimprove your on-page SEO 4.9 Overall Satisfaction Rating! Based on 6340 Reviews Rank Math is my new favorite WordPress SEO plugin. I have been using it on most of my sites and am loving it's UI and features and as a plus, it does not pus... Saijo George SEO Professional, Marketing & Envato’s SEO Marketing Analyst (ex) tl;dr Marketing.com Rank Math is a must-have SEO tool in any WordPress site with excellent functions to go beyond basic on-page optimization, whether it be for web page or blog ... Chris Kirksey CEO, Forbes Agency Council Member, US Army Veteran Direction.com I've slowly but surely flipped all of my WordPress sites over to Rank Math. It gives absurd levels of value, doesn't slow my site down, and doesn't come with... Ian Howells Co-founder of TTT & an SEO Veteran for 20 Years TrafficThinkTank.com As a Yoast premium user, I was surprised to see how many free features Rank Math offers straight out of the box. I highly recommend the Rank Math SEO plugin. Matthew Woodward Award Winning SEO for Over 20 Years & an International Speaker MatthewWoodward.co.uk Rank Math is seriously THE BEST SEO plugin that I ever installed and tried out in my 6 years of Blogging! It is hands-down one of the most mind-blowing, help... Ryan Robinson Marketing Consultant, SEO-Writer, Worked with LinkedIn, Google, Adobe RYRob.com Rank Math is the WordPress SEO plugin that the industry has been waiting for. It's no surprise that so many have switched over to using them (including myself). Matt Diggity SEO Influencer, Conference Keynote, Featured in SEJ, Ahrefs Diggity Marketing.com Rank Math is amazing, and I can't believe it's free. I was a little bit worried that migrating over from Yoast could cause issues, but the process was extrem... Chris Lee Chris Lee earns $20,000 plus per month with SEO and AdSense RankXL.com I have been using Rank Math for a long time, and it's by far the best WordPress SEO plugin ever made. The plugin is lightweight, packed with features, and it... Suganthan Mohanadasan SEO, Digital marketing consultant with 8+ years of experience Suganthan.com Moz Backlinko Search Engine Journal HubSpot Get More Traffic Right NOW Setup takes less than 5 minutes. What are you waiting for? Buy PRO Version Download FREE Version RecommendedReviews Changelog Yoast Vs Rank Math Google Indexing API Google Core Updates Important How to Setup Rank Math Score 100/100 In Rank Math Rank Math General Settings 'Titles and Meta' Settings Powerful Site Analytics CompanyAbout Us Contact Privacy Policy We are hiring! Blog Our BrandsWP Rocket Imagify RocketCDN BackWPup Termly UsefulSEO Analyzer Compatible Products Affiliate Program Free vs. PRO Compare Alternatives Terms of Service | Cookie Policy | Plugin Usage Policy © Rank Math 2018-2024. Made with love using WordPress. 🇺🇸 English 🇩🇪 Deutsch 🇳🇱 Nederlands 🇫🇷 Français 🇯🇵 日本語 🇪🇸 Español 🇮🇹 Italiano 🇫🇮 Suomi 🇺🇸 English