Curbed | A site for city people Intelligencer The Cut Vulture The Strategist Curbed Grub Street Magazine Subscribe to the Magazine Give a Gift Subscription Buy Back Issues Current Issue Contents New York Shop Subscribe Sign In Account Profile Sign Out Menu Menu Menu Close Close Cityscape Design Hunting The Real Estate Best of New York About Newsletters Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us NYMag.com New York Magazine Intelligencer Vulture The Cut The Strategist Grub Street Curbed Cityscape Design Hunting The Real Estate Best of New York Curbed getting around People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing “I’m a resident, you know, so this is very unfair and unfair to my mom.” By Clio Chang the hamptons The Best Deal in East Hampton Getting a Sea Spray Cottage can be a steal. If you know it’s available to rent in the first place. By Stephanie Krikorian design edit A David Lynch–Inspired Nightclub, Fantasy Coffins, and More Design Finds Plus a new salon-style gallery in Soho. By Terry Nguyen The Latest getting around People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing the hamptons The Best Deal in East Hampton design edit A David Lynch–Inspired Nightclub, Fantasy Coffins, and More Design Finds listings edit This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings a truly terrific new york listing Artist Meghan Boody Is Selling Her Wild Tribeca Loft See All See All See All listings edit This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings Including a bevy of freestanding houses. By Nora DeLigter a truly terrific new york listing Artist Meghan Boody Is Selling Her Wild Tribeca Loft It looks like an off-kilter Victorian dollhouse. By Adriane Quinlan night life ‘This Is Like the Studio 54 of Now’ Two-stepping the night away at Ridgewood’s sold-out honky-tonk party. By Emma Alpern look book The Look Book Goes to a Therapist Party The Therapists of New York practice invited the city’s mental-health professionals to celebrate the new book, Patriarchy and Its Discontents. gallery By Kelsie Schrader and Jenna Milliner-Waddell listings edit This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings Including a bevy of freestanding houses. By Nora DeLigter a truly terrific new york listing Artist Meghan Boody Is Selling Her Wild Tribeca Loft It looks like an off-kilter Victorian dollhouse. By Adriane Quinlan night life ‘This Is Like the Studio 54 of Now’ Two-stepping the night away at Ridgewood’s sold-out honky-tonk party. By Emma Alpern look book The Look Book Goes to a Therapist Party The Therapists of New York practice invited the city’s mental-health professionals to celebrate the new book, Patriarchy and Its Discontents. gallery By Kelsie Schrader and Jenna Milliner-Waddell Most Popular The Immediately Outdated Renovation The Best Deal in East Hampton People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing This Week’s Worth-It New York City Apartment Listings ‘This Is Like the Studio 54 of Now’ The Immediately Outdated Renovation The Best Deal in East Hampton People Are Still Quite Worked Up About Congestion Pricing What Real Estate Does Trump Own in NYC Anyway? The Migrants Outside St. Brigid On The Market a truly terrific new york listing Stephen Sondheim’s Turtle Bay Townhouse Is for Sale on the market A Duplex is For Sale in the Coveted Villa Charlotte Brontë on the market The Wing’s Office (and Furniture) Is for Sale celebrity real estate Jim Carrey’s Brentwood Mansion Is Filled With His Weird Art Best of New York Man-With-a-Van Services Hair Removal Storage Units Bike Shops Karaoke Bars Caterers Fitness Instructors Colorists Custom Woodworkers Cityscape streeteries This Is What Streeteries Are Going to Look Like New York City’s transportation agency has revealed four designs for four curb scenarios. By Ian Volner israel-hamas war Taking Stock of an Unrecognizable Gaza What Israel’s bombing has wrought. By Mahdi Sabbagh street view The Googleplex Is Growing Google’s new St. John’s Terminal headquarters, meant to lure workers back to the office, is a city within a building. By Justin Davidson migrant crisis The Migrants Outside St. Brigid The city’s campaign to push migrants out has turned their lives into an interminable loop. By Jay Bulger and Paula Aceves public art watch James Turrell Skyspace Opens at Friends Seminary It opens to the public on March 1. By Clio Chang look book Who’d you come with?My partner, who’s also a therapist. As you can imagine, our fights are really good. We’ll have moments where it’s like, “I think maybe you’re projecting your mommy stuff onto me right now and you need to take a break.” The Look Book Goes to a Therapist Party Design Hunting design edit A David Lynch–Inspired Nightclub, Fantasy Coffins, and More Design Finds Plus a new salon-style gallery in Soho. By Terry Nguyen great rooms Fashion Editor Gabriella Karefa-Johnson’s House in Bed-Stuy “I became obsessed with Live Auctioneers. I didn’t have the time, or the bandwidth, or the driver’s license, for going to estate sales.” By Wendy Goodman interiors The Immediately Outdated Renovation “It used to be that seven-to-ten years was the shelf life. Now you look and say, ‘How can this look dated already?’” By Kim Velsey on set How to Build a House for Leonard Bernstein Maestro production designer Kevin Thompson on filming in the conductor’s actual Connecticut home (and going through his junk drawers). By Nora DeLigter The Real Estate the hamptons The Best Deal in East Hampton Getting a Sea Spray Cottage can be a steal. If you know it’s available to rent in the first place. By Stephanie Krikorian celebrity Hilton Hilton Is Here Here Boutique real estate care of Rick, Barron, and Tessa. By Clio Chang the housing market That $8,000 Two-Bedroom Comes With a Week of Summer Camp A newish twist in the Brooklyn amenity wars. By Kim Velsey who’s selling Harry Macklowe Is Selling His Post-Divorce East Hampton Estate The $38 million home on Georgica Pond features ocean vistas (and reported views of his ex-wife). By Kim Velsey the market Everything’s Bigger in Long Island City Right Now The high-rise population is booming and rents are climbing as Manhattan expats learn to love the 7. By Clio Chang Cityscape Design Hunting The Real Estate Best of New York Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us About Curbed About New York Magazine Newsletters Help Contact Press Media Kit We’re Hiring Privacy Terms Ad Choices Do Not Sell My Info Accessibility curbed is a Vox Media Network. © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All rights reserved.