Home | Australian Human Rights Commission Skip to main content SCAM ALERT: We will never contact you requesting money. Learn more. Main navigation About Contact News 2023 Australian Human Rights Awards COVID-19 information COVID19 and Human Rights What are human rights? Commissioners & Executive Subscribe Jobs Media contacts Corporate info Our Work Publications Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Age Discrimination Asylum Seekers and Refugees Business and Human Rights Children's Rights Disability Rights LGBTIQ+ Race Discrimination Rights and Freedoms Sex Discrimination Technology and Human Rights Legal International Projects Education Training Teachers Students Employers Face the Facts Human Rights Explained fact sheets Publications Get involved Have your say 2023 Human Rights Awards Events list Competitions Back Complaints Complaints Search Prev Play/Pause Next Livestream - Institute and Change Agenda Launch Revitalising Australia’s Commitment to Human Rights 75 years of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights Resources on the Positive Duty New ageism report: Changing perspectives 2023 Australian Human Rights Award recipients Our Work Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Age Discrimination Children's Rights Disability Rights Race Discrimination Sex Discrimination Asylum Seekers and Refugees Rights and Freedoms LGBTIQ+ Business and Human Rights Technology and Human Rights What is the AHRC? The Australian Human Rights Commission (AHRC) is an independent third party which investigates complaints about discrimination and human rights breaches. Learn More What are human rights? Human rights recognise the inherent value of each person, regardless of background, where we live, what we look like, what we think or what we believe. Learn More Latest News All News Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commission welcomes new Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioner 5 March, 2024 Race Discrimination Giridharan Sivaraman commences as Race Discrimination Commissioner 4 March, 2024 LGBTIQ+ Call for Submissions: Current and emerging threats to TGD human rights 22 February, 2024 Voice Referendum Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Voice Referendum: Understanding the referendum from a human rights perspective The Commission has produced a resource kit to encourage the Australian public to consider the Uluru Statement from the Heart and the Indigenous Voice to Parliament referendum through a human rights lens. The resources seek to minimise harm by encouraging cultural humility and focusing the conversation on human rights principles as they relate to the referendum and proposed Voice to Parliament. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Voice Referendum: Understanding the referendum from a human rights perspective Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice The Uluru Statement from the Heart Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Minimising harm in conversations about the referendum Featured Projects All Projects LGBTIQ+ Marriage equality The Australian Human Rights Commission considers that the fundamental human rights principle of equality means that civil marriage should be available, without discrimination, to all couples, regardless of sex, sexual orientation or gender identity. Position Paper Marriage equality in a changing... Children's Rights National study on young people's attitudes towards consent and sex education Rights and Freedoms Free and Equal: An Australian conversation on human rights Legal Human Rights Reports Latest Videos All Videos Racism in Sport - Kep Enderby Memorial Lecture 2023 Racism in Sport - Kep Enderby Memorial Lectur... Australia's human rights progress: Episode 5,... Clean Slate Without Prejudice: Ep 4, Universa... 'Missing Perspectives': Episode 3, Universal ... How this milestone document came to be: Episo... What does 'human rights' mean to you? Episode... Subscribe to our mailing list for updates direct to your inbox.Email Subscribe Close Keep me updatedEmail Subscribe About Footer middle 1 Contact COVID-19 information Human Rights Awards News Media Contacts What are human rights? Commissioners Get involved Submissions Subscribe Corporate info Annual Reports Jobs The Universal Declaration of Human Rights: 75 Years On Our Work Footer middle 2 Publications Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Age Discrimination Asylum Seekers and Refugees Business and Human Rights Children's Rights Disability Rights LGBTI Race Discrimination Rights and Freedoms Sex Discrimination Legal Projects Education Footer middle 3 Training Teachers Students Employers Complaints Footer middle 4 Make a complaint How conciliation works Responding to a complaint Complaint information in AUSLAN Translations Footer middle 5 Accessibility Copyright FOI/IPS Privacy Copyright © Australian Human Rights Commission Follow us on social media