University of Idaho - Offering top-ranked programs in the Northwest Skip to content Apply Give Visit Menu Prospective Students Current Students Parents Alumni Faculty & Staff Virtual Tour Experience University of Idaho with a virtual tour. Explore now Explore Discover a Career Find a Major Experience U of I Life More Resources Admitted Students International Students Parents Take Action Find Financial Aid View Deadlines Find Your Rep Apply Request Info Visit Title IX Helping to ensure U of I is a safe and engaging place for students to learn and be successful. Read about Title IX. Get Involved Clubs & Volunteer Opportunities Recreation and Wellbeing Student Government Student Sustainability Cooperative Resources Academic Assistance Safety & Security Career Services Health & Wellness Services Title IX Top Links Register for Classes Dates & Deadlines Financial Aid Sustainable Solutions U of I Library Access Canvas Check Email Log in to VandalWeb/MyUI Log In To VandalStar Upcoming Events Review the events calendar. Stay Connected Upcoming Events Vandal Family Newsletter Here We Have Idaho Magazine Resources Financial Aid Living on Campus More Resources Campus Safety About Moscow Get Involved Contact the Dean of Students Homecoming The largest Vandal Family reunion of the year. Check dates. Benefits and Services Career Services Vandal Voyagers Program Vandal License Plate Get Involved Submit Class Notes Make a Gift View Events Stay Connected Alumni Chapters University Magazine Alumni Newsletter Update Your Info Nominate a Future Vandal VandalStar U of I's web-based retention and advising tool provides an efficient way to guide and support students on their road to graduation. Login to VandalStar. Common Tools Administrative Procedures Manual (APM) Canvas Class Schedule OIT Tech Support Resources Academic Dates & Deadlines Governance U of I Library Safety & Security Services U of I Retirees Association Faculty Senate Staff Council Access Email Access VandalWeb/MyUI Visit Human Resources Academics Admissions Student Life Research Outreach About Leadership Diversity Athletics Events News Directory A - Z Prospective Students Current Students Parents Alumni Faculty & Staff Topic Areas Academics Admissions Student Life Research Outreach About Leadership Resources Diversity Athletics Events News Directory A - Z Research New Uses Inspire key industries to reduce waste and increase sustainability. Apply Explore Degrees continue to next section FAFSA Delayed The U.S. Department of Education announced the 2024-25 FAFSAs will not be delivered until March. While this does delay an official award letter, U of I is committed to providing students with eligibility information as soon as possible. Read FAFSA FAQ View Latest FAFSA Updates Calculate Aid Explore U of I Schedule Your Campus Visit Watch the College Tour Explore Degrees Join the Chat U of I is on ZeeMee — the #1 app to use to make new friends, check in with a college rep and learn what it means to be a Vandal! Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. Hope Rock A study abroad scholarship available through the Martin Institute was recently named after former Vandal Dayna Buri. Read More Funding Health Over the last nine years, Idaho WWAMI grew their scholarship funds from only $7,000 to over $800,000. Read More Birds & Bugs Two students have been sorting insects as they count, measure and identify bugs for a years-long sage grouse study. Read More Find Your Degree University of Idaho offers over 200 areas of study for undergraduate and graduate students, helping you to find your perfect academic fit. Explore Majors Today U of I Ranks in the Top 9% Nationally for Social Mobility – U.S. News & World Report U of I "Checks All the Boxes," Making it One of America's Top Colleges. – Forbes One of the Best Outdoor Schools in America – Best College Reviews – Outdoor Online Ranked One of the Top 20 Best Public Schools Nationally for Making an Impact – Princeton Review BEST Four-Year University in Idaho Idaho Business Review readers voted University of Idaho their 2023 top choice for in-state education. Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube LinkedIn U of I Home About Academics Admissions Arts Athletics Diversity Events Governance Outreach Privacy Research Student Life Web Accessibility 875 Perimeter Drive | Moscow, ID 83844 p. 208-885-6111 | info@uidaho.edu © 2024 University of Idaho All Rights Reserved.