Nutrition Certification, Coaching & Courses | Precision Nutrition REGISTRATION OPENS APRIL 2ND Become a Certified Master Health Coach Get personally mentored by the best coaches in the world Feel confident you can help any client achieve life-changing results Set yourself apart from 99% of coaches—and earn more money Learn More Search this site Sign In Join for Free image/svg+xml Get Coaching Group Coaching for Women Group Coaching for Men 1-to-1 Coaching Certifications All Nutrition Certifications & Courses Level 1 Nutrition Certification Level 1 Sleep, Stress Management and Recovery Certification Level 2 Health Coaching Certification Resources and Articles image/svg+xml Sign Up/Login Main Menu Get Coaching Group Coaching for Women Group Coaching for Men 1-to-1 Coaching Certifications All Nutrition Certifications & Courses Level 1 Nutrition Certification Level 1 Sleep, Stress Management and Recovery Certification Level 2 Health Coaching Certification Resources and Articles All Articles Most Popular Free Courses & Guides Calculators Infographics Industry Reports Coaching Resources Fitness & Workouts Fitness Career Food & Nutrition Healthy Living Nutrition Psychology Nutrition Science Weight Loss Podcasts Precision Nutrition is the home of the world’s top nutrition coaches. Transforming lives and certifying professionals since 2005. Over 100,000 people have changed their lives with PN Coaching programs. Personal Nutrition Coaching With PN’s proven behavior change health coaching, looking and feeling your best is now within your reach. Twice a year, we open spots to work with small groups of Men and Women personally. Over the course of 12 months together, we help them get into the best shape of their lives and stay that way for good. We also offer 1-to-1 Coaching options, for those looking for more tailored guidance from PN Super Coaches. With the PN Certification, you’ll feel confident and qualified to coach nutrition with anyone. Nutrition Certification Helping you master nutrition science and behavior-change coaching In the #1 recommended Precision Nutrition Level 1 Certification, we’ll give you everything you need to confidently coach nutrition—in one proven system. In the PN Level 2 Master Health Coaching Certification, you’ll get personal guidance from our elite coaches for 20 weeks. This is the industry’s most-respected practice-based mentorship program. By the end, you’ll be able to confidently deliver world-class results for clients of all backgrounds, lifestyles, and needs—and join the top 1% of health and fitness coaches in the world. An approved training program by the National Board for Health and Wellness Coaching (NBHWC). Become the rare coach who knows how to help people manage their stressors in new, healthy ways—and see your impact everywhere. Sleep, Stress Management, and Recovery Certification Authored by some of the world’s foremost experts on sleep, stress management, and recovery—including doctors, researchers, and consultants with the AASM, ASA, MLB, NBA, and peak performance labs—the PN Level 1 Sleep, Stress Management, and Recovery Coaching Certification will help you gain a pro-level understanding of the science and practice of better sleep, effective recovery, and more resilience to stress. This is the industry’s first comprehensive program of its kind—and the only one built specifically for health and fitness coaches to add a rare “deep health” skill to their toolkits. New to Precision Nutrition? Get started with one of our FREE crash courses. Nutrition Coaching for Pros Learn the best ways to coach your clients on eating and living better. Boost your credentials. Become a better coach. Learn how to change lives. Nutrition for Women Feel like your body is working against you? Then you’ll love these 5 important lessons. Learn how to stop dieting and start feeling better immediately. Nutrition for Men Feel busy and out of control with your fitness? These 5 lessons will change your life. Learn how to take back control and get in awesome shape. Search Search this site Products & Services All Nutrition Certifications & Courses Level 1 Nutrition Certification Level 1 Sleep, Stress Management and Recovery Certification Level 2 Health Coaching Certification Coaching Software Group Coaching for Women Group Coaching for Men 1-to-1 Coaching Precision Nutrition Guide Gourmet Nutrition Cookbook Precision Nutrition Apparel Nutrition Certification Reviews Free Starter Kits For Health & Fitness Pros For Women For Men For Elite Athletes For Military & Tactical Precision Nutrition Calculator Weight Loss Calculator Company Resources and Articles About Us Meet the Experts Where We Stand: Black Lives Matter Podcasts Media and Blogger Center Contact Us Career Opportunities Find A Certified Professional Sweepstakes Rules © 2024 Precision Nutrition Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Accessibility Do not sell my info