Home - The Woks of Life Skip to primary navigation Skip to privacy navigation Skip to recipes navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Facebook Instagram Pinterest YouTube Search The Woks of Lifea culinary genealogyMain MenuDisplay Search Bar Surprise Me! Search Recipes Recipe Index View all By Date Our Cookbook: NOW AVAILABLE! Videos How-To Cooking Methods Cooking Tools Wok Guide Garden/Farm Culture Ingredients Chinese Ingredients Glossary Sauces, Wines, Vinegars & Oils Spices & Seasonings Dried, Cured & Pickled Ingredients Noodles & Wrappers Rice, Grains, Flours & Starches Tofu, Bean Curd & Seitan Vegetables & Fungi Fresh Herbs & Aromatics Life & Travel Life Travel About Us Contact Work with Us Press Send Us A Message Facebook Instagram Pinterest YouTube Join Our Newsletter And Receive Our Free Top 25 Recipes Book! Subscribe Tap here to receive our FREE top 25 recipe book! How to Make Chili Oil 20-Min Cantonese Steamed Fish The BEST Hot & Sour Soup Welcome We’re Bill, Judy, Sarah, and Kaitlin—a family of four cooks sharing our home-cooked and restaurant-style recipes. meet our family Facebook Instagram Pinterest YouTube We wrote a cookbook! Get Yours Now Find your favorite recipes By Category Beef Chicken & Poultry Pork Lamb Fish & Seafood Eggs Vegetables Tofu Bread & Pizza Noodles & Pasta Rice Soups & Stocks Condiments Beverages Dessert & Sweets By Collection Quick & Easy Vegan/Vegetarian Chinese Takeout Chinese Bakery Chinese Banquet Chinese New Year Dim Sum Gluten-Free Dumplings & Wontons Steamed Dishes Sandwiches Grilling Recipes Holiday Season Party Food Postpartum Recipes By Course Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers & Snacks Soups Salads Main Dishes Side Dishes Condiments Beverages Dessert Quick and Easy Browse All Latest Pan-fried Wontons Posted: March 5, 2024 11 CommentsToday we’re talking about how to make pan-fried wontons. Because while wontons are primarily meant to be used in soups, you can also pan-fry them—if you would rather have some crispy potsticker-y vibes! The method is the same as pan-frying a dumpling, so if you already have experience with that, just take this post as … View Post A Little of This, A Little of That Posted: March 2, 2024 52 CommentsHi everyone, this is an essay that I wrote for our cookbook, The Woks of Life: Recipes to Know and Love from a Chinese American Family, now available wherever books are sold. (If you haven’t already, grab a copy! It has 100 recipes, including 80 that aren’t on the blog, as well as lots of … View Post Vegetable Chow Mein Posted: February 28, 2024 64 CommentsThis Vegetable Chow Mein recipe is a truly delicious meatless option for all you vegetarians out there. It’s also a light and satisfying side dish or meal for anyone looking for a veggie-forward Chinese noodle recipe. While many recipes on the internet for Vegetable Chow Mein feature soft noodles (similar to lo mein), this recipe … View Post View All By Date Collections Browse curated collections of recipes, like our Quick & Easy dishes that take 30 minutes or less, our collection of Vegan & Vegetarian recipes, and more! Collection Quick & Easy Collection Vegetarian/Vegan Collection Chinese Bakery Collection Chinese Takeout Browse All Family Favorites People always ask us which recipe they should start with. Here are our picks. Guess whose will be your favorite, and make one of these recipes tonight! Bill's Pick Classic Beef & Broccoli Judy's Pick Steamed Pork Buns (Baozi) Sarah's Pick Pork & Celery Dumplings Kaitlin's Pick Baked White Pepper Chicken Wings Browse All Travel With Us Planning a trip? Wondering where the best places to eat are in your destination? We have ideas! We document our travels here with helpful tips, links, itineraries, and stories. Things to Do in Ireland Our Experience at The Lost Kitchen What to Do In Maine: Escape to Vacationland A Trip to Arches and Canyonlands National Parks 3 Days in Toronto Harry Potter Studio Tour! Browse All Improve your skills! How-To articles, cooking tips, restaurant chef secrets, and multigenerational kitchen wisdom to make you a Chinese cooking pro! How to Keep Anything from Sticking to Your Wok Preserve Herbs & Aromatics in the Freezer Make an All-Purpose Stir-fry Sauce! How to Steam Food (Without Special Equipment) How to Season a Wok & Daily Wok Care Stir-frying the RIGHT Way Browse All Primary Sidebar 25 Top Recipes TOP 25 RECIPES free eBook Subscribe for the latest updates on new recipes, and get started with our family's Top 25 Recipe eBook! Get It Now Cooking Tools Wok Guide Ingredients 101 Kitchen Wisdom Surprise Me! Sign Up For Email Updates & Receive Our Top 25 Recipes Ebook! Leave this field empty if you're human: As Featured On Get Started 10 Ingredients. Over 200 Recipes All you need is 10 staple ingredients to make hundreds of authentic Chinese dishes. Start your Chinese cooking journey! Browse Guide Ingredients Glossary Tofu, Bean Curd & Seitan Vegetables & Fungi Spices & Seasonings Noodles & Wrappers Rice, Grains, Flours & Starches Dried, Cured & Pickled Sauces, Wines, Vinegars & Oils Fresh Herbs & Aromatics Sign Up For Email Updates & Receive Our Top 25 Recipes Ebook! Leave this field empty if you're human: “I am proud to say that your genealogy has been the sole tutorial for my Asian-inspired culinary adventures for years; probably since you began. Time and again, my worldwide web pursuits for solid recipes that I know my family will eat has landed me back here.” Beth, Community Member Since 2013 Search Facebook Instagram Pinterest YouTube © 2013–2024 The Woks of Life Privacy Policy Disclaimer Site Credits Site design by Melissa Rose Design Logo & Illustrations by Sasa Khalisa Developed by Once Coupled Back To Top Opens in a new window Opens an external site Opens an external site in a new window Get Updates On New Recipes & Our Free Recipe Ebook! I consent to receive emails from The Woks of Life.