Portland Mercury: News. Entertainment. Trouble. Portland Mercury The Stranger EverOut Savage Love Hump Bold Type Tickets The Latest News Culture Music Performance Food & Drink I, Anonymous Savage Love Pop Quiz PDX Top Events Today and This Week Live Music • Arts • Food • & More! Support Portland Mercury Masthead Ad Info & Rates Jobs at Portland Mercury Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Takedown Policy Log In Sign Up All contents © Index Newspapers LLC PO Box 86208, Portland, OR 97286 Get Your Tickets Quick for HUMP! 2024 🍑 Meet the City Council Candidates 👋 Where to find the Mercury Valentine's Issue! ❤️ The Mercury 2024 Sex Survey Results! In which we find out HOW Portland does it, WHO they're doing it with, and WHAT items they're using while doing it! The Top 33 Events in Portland This Week: Mar 4–10, 2024 SheBrew Beer & Cider Festival, Bad Bunny, and More Top Picks More From EverOut Multnomah County Commissioners Poised to Vote on Gaza Cease-Fire Resolution The resolution, introduced by Commissioner Lori Stegmann, has been in the works for the last month. But pro-Palestine organizers are disappointed by what they see as a watered-down statement. Taylor Griggs & Kevin Foster The Best Things To Do in Portland This Month: March 2024 Portlanders Gather for Community Vigil After Death of Nex Benedict I, Anonymous Smells Like Entitlement The Trash Report THE TRASH REPORT: Kicking off Women's History with Jilly, Billie, Riri, and More! Hear In Portland Hear in Portland: Rappers Fountaine and Silv Punch Out Bangers on Bare Knuckles Collab Savage Love SAVAGE LOVE: Quickies! Pop Quiz PDX POP QUIZ PDX: Sassy Ass Trivia About KILLERS (of the Sports, Animal, and Serial Variety) Update: Multnomah County Animal Services Clarifies its Euthanasia Practices Following Policy Changes and Questions Amid long-standing capacity limitations and a lengthy list of audit recommendations, some say the county's animal shelter problems reflect broader government dysfunction. Abe Asher Our Valentine's Day Issue! ❤️ Welcome to the Mercury’s Valentine Issue! Mission Impossible 8: ‘Til Death Do Us Part LAST CHANCE! Take the Mercury's 2024 SEX SURVEY! “It’s Over. Check, Please!” My Top Six Rejected Valentine’s Day Issue Ideas Corbin the Crabby Cupid's Valentimes Valentines! I Find My Love Awake Film Review: Hold Your Water, Dune: Part Two Is Worth the Wait Denis Villeneuve crushes our senses beneath the magnificence of space opera scale and spectacle. Dom Sinacola Proposed Ballot Measure Would Tank Portland’s New Police Accountability Board A pro-cop attorney wants voters to throw out a police oversight measure approved in 2020, and return to the status quo. Courtney Vaughn GOOD MORNING, NEWS Yesterday 8:37 AM EverOut Yesterday 11:02 AM The Top 33 Events in Portland This Week: Mar 4–10, 2024 The Trash Report Yesterday 9:59 AM THE TRASH REPORT: Kicking off Women's History with Jilly, Billie, Riri, and More! Good Morning, News! Yesterday 8:37 AM Good Morning, News: Lawmakers Fail Measure 110 & Voters, Gonzalez to Lose Portland Street Response, and Supremes Allow Trump to Stay on the Ballot Newsblast! Sun 7:41 AM YOUR SUNDAY READING LIST: The Dune 2 Review, Standing Up to School Bullying, and Our Sex Survey Results! EverOut Sat 8:42 AM Where to Find Tea in Portland News Fri 6:20 PM Multnomah County Commissioners Poised to Vote on Gaza Cease-Fire Resolution EverOut Fri 4:20 PM The Best Things To Do in Portland This Month: March 2024 EverOut Fri 11:59 AM This Week In Portland Food News: Hot Dogs, Natural Wine, and Shamrock Shakes EverOut Fri 10:00 AM The Best Bang for Your Buck Events in Portland This Weekend: Mar 1–3, 2024 Good Morning, News! Fri 8:43 AM Good Morning, News: Banner Year for Nipple Play in the Rose City, Bold Moves to Temporarily Deny Bottle Recycling, Portlanders Mourn Non-Binary Youth Nex Benedict EverOut Thu 2:52 PM Ticket Alert: 21 Savage, Kings of Leon, and More Portland Events Going On Sale This Week News Thu 2:11 PM Portlanders Gather for Community Vigil After Death of Nex Benedict More from the Writers You Love to Yell At Elinor Jones Dan Savage Courtney Vaughn Jenni Moore More News Feb 21 6:45 PM Charter Reform: City Approves Lucrative Salary, Severance Packages for Temporary Managers Portland's new governing structure calls for a handful of deputy city administrators. Commissioners aren't sure they can recruit them. Courtney Vaughn Transportation Jan 18 8:30 AM Public Backlash Killed the Last I-5 Bridge Replacement Plan. In the New Version, Critics Say Little Has Changed. Estimated costs for the Interstate Bridge Replacement nearly doubled in 3 years. Meanwhile, climate advocates fear the new bridge plans don't prioritize public transit, and lack transparency. Taylor Griggs Timbers Feb 22 3:16 PM Will the Timbers Show Up? A 2024 Season Preview Will the mistakes of last season continue to haunt the Timbers? And is it a new day for the Thorns? Abe Asher Food and Drink Feb 6 3:00 PM Southeast Belmont Vegan Bar Sweet Hereafter Announces It Will Soon Close The Bye and Bye's Sunnyside sister bar will continue to serve up sturdy vegan fare and signature cocktails through the end of February. Suzette Smith News Feb 1 3:15 PM PBOT Reveals Plan for Major 82nd Avenue Redesign The transportation bureau released draft design documents for the dangerous east Portland arterial, showing potential for significant change on the street. Taylor Griggs News Feb 5 5:19 PM Multnomah County Commissioners Clash Over Fentanyl Emergency Declaration Commissioner Sharon Meieran blasts 90-day fentanyl emergency as "baloney resolution" with no mechanism for results Kevin Foster News Jan 29 11:55 AM New Report Highlights Major Gaps in Portland Region's Shelter, Housing, and Services for LGBTQ+ Residents Despite Portland's reputation as a queer-friendly city, barriers to housing and shelter leave vulnerable people displaced. Courtney Vaughn Food and Drink Feb 20 10:00 AM L'Orange Culinary Delights Linger on the Mind It’s French, it’s Pacific Northwest, it’s a little bit Mediterranean, and it’s probably my favorite new restaurant. Andrea Damewood Music Feb 15 1:00 PM The Mercury's 2024 Portland Jazz Festival Picks From Bob James Quartet to Sudan Archives, the fest's 21st year brings boundary-pushing legends to Portland, Bend, and Seattle. Mark Lore News Feb 15 2:05 PM At Long Last, Portland's Bike Ridership Is on the Mend. What Now? After an alarming report last year revealed a major drop in cycling, Portland’s bike advocates want to change the narrative. Taylor Griggs News Feb 6 7:00 AM Darcelle XV Plaza, Formerly O’Bryant Square, Ignites Heated Debate About Public Space The blighted downtown site is scheduled to make a comeback in 2025. Some worry plans are being heavily steered by the nearby Ritz-Carlton and other private interests. Taylor Griggs Theater & Performance Feb 23 3:41 PM Theater Review: Shaking the Tree Explores the Overlap Between Posession and Inspiration Even if you're not a fan of poetry, you can still appreciate the horror in Portland Playright Ken Yoshikawa's We Wrote This With You in Mind. Suzette Smith Food and Drink Jan 26 3:52 PM Portland Mercado Food Carts Reopen After Devastating Fire Rebuilding the market hall will take time, but supporting the carts sounds delicious. Suzette Smith News Jan 23 10:54 AM Key Hire In City’s New Management Team Announced, to the Surprise of City Leaders Rene Gonzalez appointed a former fire chief to oversee Portland’s public safety bureaus. The mayor’s office says the move was premature. Courtney Vaughn News Feb 20 4:00 PM Portland Rideshare Drivers Call for Government Reform to Fix Unfair Working Conditions Workers cite low pay, a lack of fare transparency, and differences in worker protections in Oregon and Washington. Advocates say the path to change is through government action. Taylor Griggs News Feb 9 12:15 PM Commissioner Rubio Faces Pushback for Proposal to Support Portland Street Response with Clean Energy Funds Rubio has offered PSR a lifeline from the Portland Clean Energy Fund. Critics say Rubio is treating PCEF like a slush fund to boost her political aspirations. Taylor Griggs News Feb 13 2:04 PM Despite Being Safe From Deep Budget Cuts, Fire Bureau Puts Mental Health Services on Chopping Block Amid ballooning firefighter overtime and retirement costs, Portland Fire & Rescue looks to slash Portland Street Response funding. Courtney Vaughn News Feb 8 6:15 AM Portland Aims to Have 780 Village-Style Shelter Beds Open by End of 2024 New humanitarian operations director says city will prioritize wraparound services to get people out of shelter and into housing. Courtney Vaughn Opinion Feb 16 5:02 PM Dear Ancestry.com, Black People Shouldn’t Have to Pay to Learn Our Heritage The world’s largest genetic bank charges a small fortune to uncover stolen histories — but should they? Donovan Scribes (fka Donovan Smith) Just Can't Get Enough? Sign up for our newsletter for news recaps, updates, and more! is a proud member of the media network Masthead Ad Info & Rates Jobs at Portland Mercury Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Takedown Policy Support Portland Mercury All contents © Index Newspapers LLC PO Box 86208, Portland, OR 97286