Help us improve the health of all moms and babies | March of Dimes Skip to main content March of Dimes Find support Find support Many parents and parents-to-be face a world of unknowns, but they all want a healthy and strong start. That's where we come in. Explore a variety of topics and resources here. Learn More about Find support Community Stories Support In Your Area Blog Compass by March of Dimes™ Ovulation calculator Ovulation calendar Webinars Close Close Ways to give Ways to give There are so many ways to support our research, education, advocacy and programs. Give today to ensure that every family is healthy and strong now and tomorrow. Learn More about Ways to give Donate Give with Donor-Advised Fund Stock and IRA Charitable Rollovers March for Babies Fundraise Your Way March of Dimes Innovation Fund Roosevelt Society Legacy Giving: Wills, Trusts, and Estates Gift Guide Close Close Our work Our work Addressing the maternal and infant health crisis is not straightforward with one solution. It takes strategic and collaborative efforts in different areas to ultimately benefit thousands of moms, babies and families every day. Discover more here. Learn More about Our work ICBD Conference Mom and Baby Action Network Policy & Advocacy Research Public Health Data Reports For Health Professionals NICU Initiatives NICU Family Support Programs Campaigns Close Close About us About us We're committed to ending preventable maternal health risks and death, ending preventable preterm birth and infant death and closing the health equity gap for all families. Learn more about our legacy and impact here. Learn More about About us Mission Accomplishments Annual Reports News Leadership Careers Contact Close Close Search Search Site Submit Close Search Donate Log in Sign Up Donate Get Involved In Your Area Find opportunities to get involved Volunteer Help us by being on the frontlines Advocate Join us in the fight of all moms and babies Partner Collaborate to make a difference for families Donate Help us by making a donation Careers Discover your chance to make a big impact See all ways to Get Involved Video of gaurdians and babies. Help us improve the health of all moms and babies The U.S. is facing an urgent maternal and infant health crisis—but together with our partners and supporters, we can end preventable maternal health risks and death, end preventable preterm birth, and close the health equity gap for every family. Our Mission Pause Background Video Fighting for Moms and Babies We imagine a world where every mom and baby is healthy regardless of wealth, race, gender, or geography. 4MM babies are born every year, and they all receive lifesaving newborn screening. 106 pieces of state legislation this past year were advocated for to improve maternal and infant health. $6.5MM was invested in innovative research to improve outcomes for moms and babies. SEE MORE How we're helping families Building partnerships to end the maternal and infant health crisis in the U.S. Advocating for policies that prioritize the health of moms and babies. Investing in research and innovation in the maternal healthcare space. Offering families and professionals resources and learning opportunities. Here’s the latest on our progress News March of Dimes Adds Three New Leaders to Board of Trustees March of Dimes welcomes three new leaders to its Board, enhancing its fight for maternal and infant health with diverse expertise and insights. News March of Dimes awards Marisa Bartolomei, PhD, the 2024 March of Dimes Richard B. Johnston, Jr., MD prize 2024 March of Dimes Prize Winner: Dr. Marisa Bartolomei, pioneering gene imprinting researcher, recognized for impactful discoveries in prenatal development. News March of Dimes Welcomes House Passage of Preemie Reauthorization Act Aimed at Preventing Preterm Births March of Dimes welcomes House passage of PREEMIE Reauthorization Act, combating preterm births. Urging swift Senate approval for healthier starts. News 2023 March Of Dimes Report Card Shows Modest Improvement in U.S. Preterm Birth Rate, Which Remains at Decade-Long High, Earning Nation D+ Grade The 2023 March of Dimes Report Card shows the preterm birth rate remains alarmingly high with the U.S. earning another D+ grade. Learn more about the state of maternal and infant health in America. Stories that inspire us We’re all connected through our stories. And every story, from the joys of parenting to the heartbreak of loss, connects us as a community. SHARE YOUR STORY Meet the LaRosa Family From NICU Graduate to NICU Nurse Meet the Wilton Family Coming to Terms with not Going to Term: A Couples' Journey Through Preterm Birth Meet the Dispo-Kleins Diane and Aaron’s pregnancy journey was full of heartbreaks and setbacks. Meet Vania Biglefthand For Vania Biglefthand and her husband Ray, access to care became a very real problem on their journey to building a family. Meet the Wells-Williams Family Love is Love Meet the Pearman Family Imagine feeling, at 40 weeks pregnant, unseen and unheard by your doctor when you express your concerns…and then having a stroke a week after giving birth. Meet the Cato Family Finding the Silver Lining Meet the Moss Family Cory Moss and his wife were excited to have triplets, but at 18 weeks a routine visit turned into an emergency cerclage. Meet the Michalski Family Life After Loss Meet the Silbert Family A Mother’s Instinct Meet the Shoemaker Family From Grief to Hope We all have a story Share yours here On your parenting journey now? Find the resources you need. Planning for a baby A good plan starts with good information. Pregnancy We’re there for you and your growing baby at every stage. Birth What to expect during your baby’s arrival. Neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) Learn about critical care for infants. Postpartum Taking care of yourself as your body changes. Parenthood Caring for your new baby. Miscarriage, loss and grief Finding and understanding ways to cope. Find a support group You’re not alone. Find support here. Inspired yet? Join us. Volunteer Be the change in your community Upcoming volunteer opportunities National Family Volunteer Day is November 19. Advocate Speak up for moms and babies everywhere Sign up for action alerts Learn more about how to advocate for moms and babies to help close the health equity gap. Donate Give to help families get the best possible start Donate Now Donate to help support parents throughout their pregnancies so that every family can get the best possible start. Join our email newsletter to find out how our community is helping families. Email address Join March of Dimes About March of Dimes Careers Contact Find support Nacersano PeriStats™ Donate Join our email newsletter to find out how our community is helping families. Email address Join March of Dimes leads the fight for the health of all moms and babies. We support research, lead programs, and provide education and advocacy so that every family can get the best possible start. Since 1938, we support every pregnant person and every family. March of Dimes Facebook March of Dimes Instagram March of Dimes LinkedIn March of Dimes TikTok March of Dimes Twitter March of Dimes YouTube Channel 2024 March of Dimes, a not-for-profit, section 501c(3). Cookie Settings Privacy, Terms, and Notices