DIY Crafts, Projects And Handmade Gift Ideas – Craftbits.com CraftBits.comDIY Crafts and Handmade Gift Ideas Home About Contact Us Our newsletter Yarn Weight Cheat Sheet and Guidelines A Guide To Wool For Crafters 8 DIY Floor Rug Tutorials 8 Patterns To Make Your Own Tote Bags 8 Snowflake Crafts 9 Magical Ways to Use Lavender 1000's of Craft Ideas, Knitting, Crochet and Sewing Patterns Create some easy crafts today with our step by step projects. You can make something new at home with the kids for Easter, Thanksgiving or Christmas, or check our ideas for free knitting, crochet and sewing patterns. There is something here for everyone, from therapy crafts, to recycled. This year, we are celebrating being online for 20 years! We hope you have enjoyed these projects as much as we have enjoyed bringing them to you.Many thanks from Rita and Shellie who still work on this site and love to share their creativity with you and hope to do so for another 20 years!With 1000's of free craft ideas to keep you entertained you can't go wrong! Start by looking at our most popular ideas: These are some of our most popular ideas! DIY Sunflower Farmhouse Check Wreath Making Paper Snowflakes Basic Adults Knitted Beanie Crochet Batman Doll Oven Mitt – Santa’s Glove Christmas Holiday Wreath How To Make A Crochet Dreamcatcher Crochet Stars Appliqués and Shamrocks Left Over Yarn to Yarn Ball Coaster See all of our popular projects Look At Our Knitting Patterns Our new and easy knitting patterns are perfect for beginners and seasoned knitters alike. You will find something to try everyday! Cozy cardigan pattern for teenagers No-sew knit poncho pattern Knitting Pattern – Grocery Bag Organizer Knitting Pattern – Easter Bunny Washcloth Knitted Monkey Pattern Fisherman’s Rib Super Scarf Ship’s Wheel DishCloth Knit Mikey The Monkey See all our knitting patterns Our latest Sewing Patterns Our sewing patterns are exclusive to us and full of great ideas for giving as gifts or making some for yourself. How to make a Patchwork Skirt HOW TO TAKE A PATTERN FROM AN EXISTING GARMENT The basics of cross-stitch Easter Chicken Sewing Pattern For Beginners DIY Cute Monster Plushie DIY Dollar Tree Placemat Clutch Purse No Sew Sock Octopus Plush Llama Toy See all sewing patterns Here are some Crochet Patterns Our massive range of free crochet patterns are all a rage and these are some of the ones we have added recently. Crochet Flamingo Crochet Siamese Cat Make a crochet houseplant: The Spider Plant Crochet Houseplant: Make this easy Donkey’s Tail How To Crochet A Scrunchie Hair Tie Easter Lilly Dollar Tree Wreath Crochet Pocket Hanger Crochet Flower Poppy for Veteran’s Day See all our crochet patterns Looking For A Craft Idea? Craftbits.com may earn a commission when you buy through links on our site. What’s hot right now! 10 DIY Storage & Organization Solutions 8 Fun and Festive Easter Crafts 8 Bunny Inspired Craft Ideas 8 Ways To Make Your Own Detox Recipes 9 Crafts To Dress Up Your Patriotic Attire 12 Ideas to Make a Beautiful Handmade Christmas Card 7 Trendy Novelty Knitting Patterns ↓ All Craft Ideas ↓ Knitting Patterns Crochet Patterns Sewing Patterns and Ideas Christmas Crafts Halloween Crafts Easter Crafts Thanksgiving Crafts Valentine’s Day Crafts Bath and Body Crafts Bead Crafts Candle Making Gifts In a Jar Group Crafts Holiday Crafts Jewelry Making Kids Crafts Home Crafts Paper Crafts Recycled Crafts Scrapbooking Soap Making Recipes Therapy Crafts Wedding Crafts DIY Wreaths Recently Added Projects Beaded Easter Bunny Wreath Four Leaf Clover St Patricks Day Wreath Wine Glass Easter Bunny DIY Easter Coasters – Decoupage Napkins How To Make A Teacup Gnome Springtime Easter Egg Moss Wreath Looking for even more DIY Craft Ideas? Go to CraftGossip for more DIY, Crafts and homemade ideas. Popular 8 Patterns To Make Your Own Tote Bags Have you seen this project? Crocheted Bat Get Our Feed Directly: Craftbits RSS Feed © Copyright 2024 Craftbits.com | Read our Privacy Policy | Site Map | Terms of Use | Copyright info about our Projects | Get our Buttons | Advertise