Ministry of Health Toggle navigation Search For Public News Highlights Healthcare Schemes & Subsidies Hospital Bills and Fee Benchmarks Search for fee benchmarks for private sector fees and bill amount information for public and private hospitals. Healthcare Schemes & Subsidies View all healthcare financing schemes & subsidies available in Singapore such as MediShield Life, CareShield Life, MediSave, CHAS and ElderShield. Healthcare Locator Search for Healthcare Professionals Suspensions/Revocations from Healthcare Financing Schemes List of suspensions and revocations taken by MOH under CHAS, MediSave and MediShield Life Enforcement Actions for Breaches of Regulatory Requirements List of enforcement actions taken by MOH under the PHMCA, MRA and DRA Upcoming and Completed Healthcare Facilities View all upcoming and completed healthcare facilities. Disease Updates Overview of Diseases Learn more about the various infectious diseases that Singapore has overcome. Being Prepared for a Pandemic Learn more about how Singapore is prepared to prevent & respond to disease outbreaks. Weekly Infectious Diseases Bulletin Travel Advisory Resources & Statistics E-Consultation Through E-Consultation, MOH aims to gather feedback and suggestion from members of the public to further improve policies, programmes and services. Research Grants Search for various available grants to drive the translation of basic research to advance human healthcare, and to increase the translational and clinical research capabilities of public hospitals, research institutions and medical researchers. Resources & Statistics Search for publications, education brochures, statistics on admission rates, waiting times, bed occupancy rates, diseases and more. My Health Record Appointments Children's Health Personal Health For Healthcare Professionals Licensing and Regulation Health Professional Portal Dentist TCM Practitioner Pharmacist Allied Health Professional Nurse Doctor All Heathcare Professionals Policies and Guidelines Guidelines Legislation Acts regulating drugs, healthcare professionals, medical practices, research and more. e-Services Who We Are About Us Singapore's Healthcare System Senior Management Careers at MOH Search 01 Mar 2024 From 1 March 2024 We will align the reporting of COVID-19 statistics with other infectious diseases. For updates on COVID-19, visit the Weekly Infectious Diseases Bulletin found here. Age Well SG COVID-19 Vaccination Healthier SG EnrolmentFull list of MOH FAQs Healthier SG Healthier You, With Healthier SG Healthier SG will help Singaporeans take steps towards better health. We have built a good healthcare system in Singapore, but we need to focus on better health and quality of life for everyone. With Healthier SG, Singaporeans will have: A choice of your preferred family clinic that will guide you to stay healthy;A customised Health Plan and support you to achieve your health goals;Access to community programmes to help you stay active and healthy.To read more on Healthier SG, visit www.healthiersg.gov.sg. Stay in the Know Overview of Diseases Learn more about the various infectious diseases that Singapore has overcome. Healthcare Schemes & Subsidies View the different healthcare financing schemes & subsidies, e.g. MediShield Life, CareShield Life, CHAS. Successful Ageing Read the the 2023 Action Plan for Successful Ageing. Press Releases 29 Feb 2024 INTEGRATING OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE PROTOCOLS INTO OUR BROADER PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMMES Click here to read more 29 Feb 2024 Expert Committee on COVID-19 Vaccination Updates Recommendations on COVID-19 Vaccination for Unvacci... Click here to read more 23 Feb 2024 INVESTIGATION INTO MEDSTAR MEDICAL CLINIC & SURGERY FOR ISSUANCE OF MEDICAL CERTIFICATES WITHOUT AUD... Click here to read more Other Resources Step into a Healthier You Healthier SG: Short Films - The Plot Enrol in Healthier SG: Step-by-Step Guide Our Partners The Health Promotion Board (HPB) is a government organisation committed to promoting healthy living in Singapore. HPB is a credible and authoritative source of evidence-based health information that seeks to empower the Singapore public with knowledge to take ownership of their health and live a healthy lifestyle. Visit Website The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) was formed on 1 April 2001 as a statutory board of the Singapore Ministry of Health with the integration of five specialised agencies. Its vision is to be the leading innovative authority protecting and advancing national health and safety. Visit Website The National Healthcare Group (NHG) is a leader in public healthcare in Singapore, recognised at home and abroad for the quality of its medical expertise and facilities. Care is provided through an integrated network of six primary care polyclinics, acute care and tertiary hospitals, national specialty centres and business divisions. Together NHG bring a rich legacy of medical expertise to their philosophy of integrated patient-centred care. Visit Website The National University Health System (NUHS) is one of three public healthcare clusters in Singapore, and an integrated Academic Health System and Regional Health System that delivers value-driven, innovative and sustainable healthcare in Singapore. Visit Website With a network of acute hospitals, national specialty centres, community hospitals and polyclinics offering over 40 clinical specialties, the SingHealth Duke-NUS Academic Medical Centre draws on the collective strengths of SingHealth and Duke-NUS Medical School to drive the transformation of healthcare and provide affordable, accessible and quality healthcare. Visit Website The Singapore Dental Council (SDC) is the self-regulatory body for the dental professions constituted under the Dental Registration Act (Chapter 76). Its key objectives are to promote high standards of oral health and to promote the interests of the dental profession in Singapore. Visit Website The Singapore Medical Council (SMC), a statutory board under the Ministry of Health, maintains the Register of Medical Practitioners in Singapore, administers the compulsory continuing medical education (CME) programme and also governs and regulates the professional conduct and ethics of registered medical practitioners. Visit Website The Singapore Nursing Board (SNB) is the regulatory authority for nurses and midwives in Singapore. They aim to protect the public through licensure and regulation of nursing/midwifery education and practice. Their mission is to uphold professional nursing standards and honour the public trust. Visit Website The Singapore Pharmacy Council (SPC) maintains the list of persons legally qualified to practise pharmacy in Singapore (Register of Pharmacist) and also governs and regulates the professional conduct and ethics of registered pharmacists, ensuring that pharmacists are current in pharmaceutical knowledge and skills. Visit Website The Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners Board (TCMPB) registers TCM practitioners (both acupuncturists and TCM physicians), accredits TCM institutions and TCM courses for the purpose of registration and regulates the professional ethics and conduct of registered TCM practitioners. Visit Website Ministry of Health Public News Highlights Schemes & Subsidies Fee Benchmarks and Bill Amount Information Healthcare Locator Search for Healthcare Professionals Suspensions/Revocations from Healthcare Financing Schemes Enforcement Actions for Breaches of Regulatory Requirements Disease Updates Weekly Infectious Diseases Bulletin Overview of Diseases Resources & Statistics E-Consultation Research Grants My Health Record Children's Health Personal Health Healthcare Professionals Licensing & Regulation Healthcare Professionals Portal Dentist TCM Practitioner Pharmacist Allied Health Professionals Nurse Doctor Policies & Guidelines Legislation Who We Are About MOH Our Healthcare System Senior Management Careers at MOH Forms Contact Us Feedback Report Vulnerability Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2021 Government of Singapore Last Updated DD MM YYYY