InvestmentNews - The trusted resource for financial advisors Magazine Digital Archive Subscribe Research Advisors On The Move Advisor Research Dashboard Broker-Dealer Data Center RIA Data Center Best In Wealth Market Outlook Events Awards Video & Podcasts Video The InvestmentNews Podcast Investing IN Change Retirement Repair Shop Webcasts Premium Content DE&I Advisory Board Advisor Toolkit go RIA Search News Industry News RIAs Broker-Dealers Wirehouses Regulation And Legislation Advisor Moves Opinion Investing Equities Fixed Income Mutual Funds ETFs ESG Emerging Markets Alternatives Retirement Retirement Planning Tax Life Insurance And Annuities IRA Alert Your Practice Fintech Practice Management Women Advisor Community Search LOGIN Subscribe Search for: Close search Features The art of long-term investing Christopher Tsai, founder of Tsai Capital, explains the philosophy behind his laser-focused portfolio and the benefits of art investing for high-net-worth clients. By Emily Douglas More by this author The art of long-term investing Navigating the complexities of sustainable investing On a mission to make the advisory industry more female-friendly Mergers & Acquisitions RIA M&A bounces back to start 2024: Report 'Wealth management deals held pretty firm last year compared to all other areas of investment banking,' one banker notes. ESG What representation in the C-suite says about the gender pay gap Few of the highest-level corporate jobs are held by women, and the difference is even more pronounced in financial services. Retirement An unexpected double tax break for 529-to-Roth rollovers There’s a chance to do two 529-to-Roth rollovers this year – but only if the first one (for 2023) is done by April 15. Regulation And Legislation Industry awaits an answer on proposed donor-advised fund regulations Last November, the IRS proposed regulations that would fundamentally redefine DAFs. RIAs Young advisors are making the move to RIAs, Rossby CEO says ‘We are going down a path of trying to change this paradigm of financial advice.’ Advisor Resources Advisors On The Move Advisor Research Dashboard Broker-Dealer Data Center RIA Data Center Trending Topics RIAs Mercer Advisors lands $2.5B mega-practice The acquisition of the Seattle-based multifamily office deepens the national RIA’s UHNW presence in the Pacific Northwest. RIAs Beacon Pointe breaks into mid-Atlantic market with deal for $560M firm The RIA’s first M&A transaction in Maryland sees it snap up Keeney Financial Group, a 10-member team. Mergers & Acquisitions MAI Capital Management acquires $562M firm in New Jersey MAI Capital Management has made its fourth acquisition of 2024 so far and its 36th since 2018, pushing the national RIA firm’s AUM to more than… Advisor Moves Raymond James adds teams from Morgan Stanley, UBS The firm welcomes a $350 million duo in New England, and an advisor in Florida who had managed a $235 million book. Mergers & Acquisitions Perigon scoops up $375M in assets with twin acquisitions The rapidly growing firm has added RIAs in New York and Michigan to its national footprint. Retirement SECURE 2.0 Saver’s Match could help 21.9M Americans Using federal tax data, EBRI offers a ‘starting point’ to estimate the retirement program’s impact on lower-income workers when it starts in 2027. Opinion Retirement Ed Slott An unexpected double tax break for 529-to-Roth rollovers Practice Management Matt Sommer Financial fraud in the age of AI Broker-Dealers Bruce Kelly With great growth comes great conflicts for RIAs Practice Management Scott Hanson How to hire new college grads and turn them into great advisors Regulation And Legislation InvestmentNews Don’t rush to open private equity floodgates White papers Practice Management Six steps to reduce your clients’ tax burdens & grow your business By: intelliflo Practice Management Finding Your Way Home By: Schwab Independent Branch Services Investments Focus on Opportunity Zones: Is 2023 the Year to Make an Opportunity Zone Investment? By: Grubb Properties Technology Financial Professionals in the Age of AI: Key Insights By: Atria Wealth Solutions Videos & Podcasts Videos Tony Robbins finds the ‘Holy Grail of Investing’ in alternatives Author and speaker Tony Robbins sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to discuss his new book, 'The Holy Grail of Investing,' as well as the benefits of adding alternative assets to a portfolio. Read More Videos Overloading on stocks in retirement often makes sense, says Horizon CIO Scott Ladner, CIO at Horizon Investments, sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to discuss 'goals-based investing' and why overloading on stocks in retirement might not be a bad strategy. Read More Videos Preferred stocks perfect for investors seeking both protection and upside Lance McGray, head of ETF product at Advisors Asset Management, sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to explain why preferred stocks are ideal for investors seeking both upside and yield. Read More Videos Tips for advisors seeking to improve their recruiting and retention Sandy Herzlich, vice president of retirement strategy at The American College of Financial Services, sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to discuss how financial advisors can improve their recruiting and retention practices. Read More Videos Here’s how Fed rate cuts will affect housing Brad Case, chief economist at Middleburg Communities, sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to discuss how the housing market will respond when the Federal Reserve cuts rates. Read More Videos Commission-free annuity transactions are on the rise. Here’s why David Lau, founder of DPL Financial Partners, sits down with InvestmentNews anchor Gregg Greenberg to discuss the rise in the popularity of commission-free annuities. Read More Upcoming Events Events Venue: Conrad New York Downtown InvestmentNews’ RIA Connect series is the key in-person networking and troubleshooting platform for RIA business owners, practice managers, and operations leaders. Against a backdrop of an ever-changing business landscape, there’s never been a greater time for RIAs to come together to develop best practice management and engage with strategies that will help futureproof their firms, optimize their client services, bolster bottom lines and accelerate business growth. visit site April 16, 2024 Events Venue: JW Marriott Chicago We invite women advisors and their allies to join us for the Women Advisor Summit, an event dedicated to the growth and success of women in the financial advice industry. Since 2015, InvestmentNews has created a unique forum where women advisors and those who support them can connect with each other and the latest ideas in practice management, career growth, and industry trends. You will return to your practice inspired with practical ideas, new tools and valuable connections with your peers and industry influencers. Get ready to enjoy a day of community, connection and even CE credits. visit site May 23, 2024 Events Venue: Virtual Advisory firms need to partner with custodians to safeguard assets and implement trades on behalf of their clients’ portfolios. The choice of who to affiliate with can have major implications for the overall business. While this choice has long been limited to the biggest market players, recent mergers in this space have driven interest in exploring the growing number of alternatives available. This virtual event will investigate these alternatives and what RIAs should be considering – from the technological capabilities to the pricing structures – when making this important business decision. visit site June 25, 2024 Webcast Mastering The Art of Balancing Philanthropy and Client Relationships: A Guide to Harnessing Charitable Structures for High Net Worth Clients Discover unparalleled strategies for high-net-worth clients, optimizing their tax benefits and amplifying their philanthropic impact. Register today! Thursday, March 21, 20241-2 PM ET Webcast Spot Bitcoin ETFs: What Financial Advisors Should Consider Crypto markets have been marked for their volatility and "winters”, but after the recent approval of spot Bitcoin ETFs, is the industry finally ready for advisors? Don’t miss this exclusive session. Available now! Thursday, February 15, 202411 AM-12 PM ET Partner content Ares Wealth Management Solutions Out with the Old and in with the New: a 50% Private Markets Portfolio 5 min read SEI Client engagement strategies, growth and retention in the down markets 4 min read SEI Reemerging with growth strategies 4 min read Ares Wealth Management Solutions As Rates Rise, Consider Fixed Income that Floats. 13 min read Subscribe Get unlimited access to InvestmentNewsSubscribe for just$19.99 per month. Subscribe About About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Contact Us Submissions Staff Customer Service Careers More from us Request Reprints Custom Research Services Best in Wealth Media Kit Editorial Calendar Subscribers Issue Archive Digital Subscription Agreement Subscribe Copyright © 2024 KM Business Information US, Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited | All rights reserved