Task & Purpose - Military News, Culture, and Analysis Got A Tip? Channels News Analysis Branch Opinion Region & Country Culture Entertainment Humor Mandatory Fun Military Life Active Duty Enlisting Resources Veterans Career Center The Gear Locker Gear Reviews Tech & Tactics Aircraft Ships Tactics Vehicles Weapons History Wars Historical Figures More Write For Us Newsletters SOCIAL Got A Tip? News Analysis Branch Opinion Region & Country Culture Entertainment Humor Mandatory Fun Military Life Active Duty Enlisting Resources Veterans Career Center The Gear Locker Gear Reviews Tech & Tactics Aircraft Ships Tactics Vehicles Weapons History Wars Historical Figures Write For Us Air National Guard leaker Jack Teixeira faces more than 16 years prison Teixeira had access to highly classified information as an intelligence anaylst with the Massachusetts Air National Guard By Matt White What is the Navy’s chief’s season? With great power, comes great responsibility By Joshua Skovlund Army captain cleared of murder charges in death of fellow soldier A Texas jury acquitted former Army Captain Clevy Muchette Nelson-Royster of murder in the death of a fellow soldier who died after a night drinking and confrontations. By Patty Nieberg What’s the difference between field stripping and rat f–king an MRE? Yes, there is a difference. By Joshua Skovlund Why the US dropped MREs instead of Humanitarian Daily Rations over Gaza The US has dropped 38,000 MREs over Gaza. By Jeff Schogol NEWS Air Force puts newest training jet through extreme temperature tests The T-7A Red Hawk is meant to replace the decades-old T-38 jet. By Nicholas Slayton Army National Guard suspends reenlistment bonuses By Nicholas Slayton US military might lift ban on flying Ospreys By Nicholas Slayton US military conducts first airdrop of aid into Gaza By Nicholas Slayton View all Culture Neck tattoos are here to stay in the Air Force. But still no beards The Air Force updated its rulebook for uniforms, including tattoos, walking with coffee and nail polish guidelines. But no sign of beards. By Matt White Navy officer to run 75 miles a day in transcontinental world record attempt By Joshua Skovlund We salute the brave men who took part in – and named – ‘Operation Bunghole’ By Jeff Schogol Alaska paratroopers get a secret weapon for the arctic: beards By Patty Nieberg View all Military Life Women veterans face jumps in domestic violence, suicide risk By Patty Nieberg The history of the HK416 in modern warfare By Joshua Skovlund VA expands health care access to millions earlier than expected By Patty Nieberg The Department of Defense says it has a plan to improve housing for troops By Nicholas Slayton View all Gear We found 4 bottles of whiskey made by airborne paratroopers By Joshua Skovlund These are the worst pieces of military gear ever issued, according to veterans By Max Hauptman The best altimeter watches to help you reach new heights By Scott Murdock The best military phone plans By Daniel Terrill View all Tech & Tactics The Army is standardizing how armor crews train and shoot By Patty Nieberg We salute the Army crew that named their tank ‘Animaniacs’ By Patty Nieberg Army will add 17 air defense units while cutting 24,000 active duty spots By Patty Nieberg Drill sergeant shoots first perfect score at Army marksman course By Patty Nieberg View all History Bell salvaged from Navy destroyer sunk in World War I By Nicholas Slayton Traumatic brain injuries linked to risk of brain cancer By Patty Nieberg ‘Manhunt’ tracks the military’s search for John Wilkes Booth By Nicholas Slayton A soldier lost at the Battle of the Bulge returns home to Texas By Matt White View all Opinion The US military still lacks a safe and effective battlefield pain solution Feb 6, 2024 3:07 PM Opinion The best Task & Purpose stories of 2023 Jan 2, 2024 8:18 PM Opinion Opinion: Veterans are dying because Congress and the VA refuse to impose quality standards for community care Dec 7, 2023 4:43 PM Opinion Opinion: Veterans won’t help the recruiting crisis until our issues are addressed Dec 1, 2023 7:20 PM Opinion Opinion: In the name of health care freedom, millions of veterans may lose theirs Oct 6, 2023 6:53 PM Opinion View all Opinion Reviews The best running backpacks worth carrying The best service dog vests for man’s best friend Best massage guns to loosen up with The Gear List: Save up to $150 on shooting ear protection while these Amazon deals last What’s the most useless piece of gear you’ve ever been issued? The best hydration packs worth carrying The Gear List: Save up to $100 on premium gear to upgrade your campsite The best life insurance for veterans The best military field gear we’ve ever bought The best thermal binoculars for Predator vision The best trekking poles for your next overland adventure The best hotel discounts for military members The best combat boots for women The best roll top backpacks worth carrying The best camping utensils for dining in the great outdoors The best military discounts The best Vortex binoculars for every budget The best resume writing services for military-to-civilian employment The best tactical knee pads for rough terrain The Gear List: Score a GPS watch for up to $200 off for Garmin’s birthday sale The best portable power banks for backup power The best Osprey backpacks worth carrying The best tactical fanny packs to ride the clout train The best rangefinder binoculars The best drawstrings backpacks for speed and convenience Apple’s new adventure watch is a challenge to Garmin’s rugged smartwatch domination The best bow hunting backpacks worth carrying The best hiking boots for women The best CrossFit shoes for men The best military graduation gifts for the US service member in your life The Gear List: Your guide to saving big on outdoor gear with REI’s Labor Day sale The best satellite communicators for global coverage The Gear List: Score an Osprey backpack for up to 40 percent off through Labor Day 2022 The best binoculars under $200 worth shelling out for The best hiking shoes to conquer any terrain The best ultralight tents worth carrying The best vision insurance for retired military The best home gym flooring The best hiking sandals worth wearing The best reflective running gear The best Kershaw knives for military use The best SureFire flashlights The Gear List: Spot the best binocular deals on Amazon right now The best binoculars with cameras How to choose a tactical backpack according to the brain behind Mystery Ranch The best ultralight backpacks worth carrying The best health insurance for veterans The best IFAK for unexpected emergencies The best online military colleges Review: the Praesidus A-11 Marston Mat is a time-telling piece of D-Day Latest By Jeff Schogol , Matt White Mar 01, 2024 News U.S. will airdrop humanitarian aid into Gaza The airdrop will be the U.S. first public use of military force in the Israeli-Palestinian war since Oct. 7. By Jeff Schogol Mar 01, 2024 News Army quietly dropped 5-mile run requirement from airborne school in 2018 Students still must complete 3-mile runs for the Basic Airborne Course. By Jeff Schogol Feb 29, 2024 News German warship accidentally fires at U.S. drone over Red Sea Alarm! By Jeff Schogol Feb 28, 2024 News Sailors at Norfolk will be locked out of their rooms if they fail inspection The move comes after several sailors failed room inspections. By Joshua Skovlund Feb 28, 2024 News SOCOM grants contract for new jammer-proof BlackWave radio system The war in Ukraine has shown what the modern battlefield looks like, and the U.S. military is taking notes. By Matt White Feb 27, 2024 News Army Guard grounds helicopter fleet after two Apache crashes in two weeks The Army National Guard grounded all 1,300 of its helicopters in a safety stand down following two crashes this month, one of which was fatal. By Jeff Schogol Feb 26, 2024 News Army Reserve colonel allegedly pocketed $62,000 in fake rental property scheme Army Reserve Col. Reece Roberts is accused of falsely claiming he lived out of state to collect rent and family separation payments. By Jeff Schogol Feb 27, 2024 News Airman who died after setting himself on fire in protest video identified Senior Airman Aaron Bushnell died after setting himself on fire outside the Israeli embassy to protest the war in Gaza. By Nicholas Slayton Feb 25, 2024 News Active-duty airman set himself on fire in front of Israeli embassy Washington, D.C. emergency services took the man to a hospital with "critical life threatening injuries." By Nicholas Slayton Feb 25, 2024 News US, UK hit Houthi sites in Yemen in fourth round of strikes The attacks come after Houthi missiles damaged a commercial ship, leaving an oil spill in the waters off of Yemen. By Nicholas Slayton Feb 24, 2024 News 2 Army National Guard soldiers killed in helicopter crash identified Chief Warrant Officers Bryan Andrew Zemek and Derek Joshua Abbott died on Friday when their AH-64 Apache helicopter crashed in Mississippi. By Nicholas Slayton Feb 24, 2024 News Two years into war, Ukraine’s ammunition crisis is a tipping point Zelensky vows to fight on despite Avdiivka falling and American aid held up by political stalemate. By Nicholas Slayton Feb 24, 2024 News Marine Corps passes its audit, the first military branch to do so First to fight, first to not fail an audit. By Jeff Schogol Feb 23, 2024 News 2 Mississippi National Guard soldiers killed in Apache helicopter crash The two soldiers’ identities have not been publicly released. Subscribe to Task & Purpose Today Get the latest in military news, entertainment and gear in your inbox daily. JOIN NOW Links About Task & Purpose Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Follow us Got A Tip? DISCLAIMER(S) Articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service. © 2024 Recurrent. All rights reserved.