New York Film Academy | College of Film, Media, & Performing Arts Quick Links For Current Students Parents *UPCOMING ONLINE INFO SESSIONS* 1-800-611-FILM Search English Russian Spanish Arabic Italian Portuguese Japanese Korean Mandarin Academics AREAS OF STUDY Filmmaking Acting for Film Photography Producing Screenwriting Cinematography Documentary Filmmaking Digital Editing 3D Animation & Visual Effects Broadcast Journalism Musical Theatre Game Design Entertainment Media Virtual Reality Pathway/ESL DEGREE PROGRAMS Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Arts Master of Fine Arts Master of Arts Associate of Fine Arts Online Degrees CERTIFICATE PROGRAMS 1 & 2-Year Programs Short-Term Workshops Online Programs Corporate Training STUDY ABROAD WITH NYFA filmmaking acting for film Admissions & Finances ADMISSIONS Program Dates Application Deadlines Admissions Requirements International Students Veterans & Military Dependent Students Transfer Students Cross-Campus Studies Advanced Standing and Tuition Credit Meet NYFA Near You Health Requirements FINANCES Tuition Federal Financial Aid SCHOLARSHIPS & GRANTS PRIVATE STUDENT LOANS GI Bill & Yellow Ribbon Program Housing Information Open House & Live Online Events Event dates Campuses Campuses New York City NYFA New York Los Angeles NYFA Los Angeles South Beach, Miami South Beach Gold Coast, Australia Florence, Italy NYFA Florence Online Online LOCATIONS NYFA at Harvard University Paris, France Beijing and Greater China Discover NYFA Who We Are About Us History Mission & Purpose Accreditation, Licensing, and Approvals Articulation Affiliations Faculty Directory Leadership & Administration NYFA Reviews FAQ NYFA Catalogs On Campus Visit Us Open House & Live Online Events Academic Calendar Diversity Campus Safety & Clery Act Title IX Student Life Health and Wellness Career and Alumni Services Jobs at NYFA Accessibility Services News and Culture Guest Speakers Blog Videos Podcasts Student Resources NYFA Store 10 Arts Foundation Special Projects Industry Lab Alumni Youth Programs TEEN CAMPS Filmmaking Acting for Film Photography Screenwriting Documentary Filmmaking 3D Animation & Visual Effects Broadcast Journalism Musical Theatre Game Design Online Programs for Teens KIDS CAMPS Filmmaking Acting for Film Photography 3D Animation & Visual Effects Musical Theatre Game Design Online Programs for Kids YOUTH ADMISSIONS Program Dates Tuition Housing Insurance Supervision International Students LOCATIONS New York City Los Angeles South Beach, Miami Gold Coast, Australia Florence, Italy Harvard University Paris, France Request Info Apply Now Your browser does not support the video tag. NEW YORK FILM ACADEMY College of Film, Media & Performing Arts Search Programs by Search Programs by All Disciplines Filmmaking Acting for Film Photography Producing Screenwriting Cinematography Documentary Filmmaking 3D Animation & Visual Effects Musical Theatre Broadcast Journalism Game Design Entertainment Media Digital Editing Virtual Reality All Programs Master of Fine Arts Master of Arts Masters of Arts Online Bachelor of Fine Arts Bachelor of Arts Associate of Fine Arts 2-Year Certificate Program 1-Year Certificate Program Short-Term Workshop Online Short-Term Workshop International Pathways Program All Locations New York City Los Angeles Miami Gold Coast, Australia Florence, Italy Harvard University Paris, France Bejing, China Online Search CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF NEW YORK FILM ACADEMY The Original Hands-on Film, Media, and Performing Arts School New York Film Academy was founded on the philosophy that “learning by doing” combined with best industry practices is more valuable than years of theoretical study for film, media, and performing arts students. This educational model allows students to achieve more in less time than at other institutions. Spotlight NYFA Open House & Live Online Virtual Events NYFA holds monthly open houses as well as a number of online virtual info sessions and events. Introducing the BFA in Musical Theatre Take a bow with NYFA’s new Bachelor of Fine Arts in Musical Theatre. NYFA Honors 2024 Award Nominees and Winners NYFA celebrates the winners and nominees during the 2024 film, media, and entertainment award season. Introducing the Online MA in Entrepreneurial Producing & Innovation Learn the business and artistry of producing with NYFA’s new Online Master of Arts in Entrepreneurial Producing. Introducing the BFA in Entertainment Media Find your focus with NYFA’s new Bachelor of Fine Arts in Entertainment Media. Meet NYFA Near You NYFA travels the globe holding Information Sessions, Protfolio Reviews, Auditions, and Workshops. Find out if we’re visting a city near you. New York Film Academy Guest Speaker Series NYFA bring top industry talent to speak to students about their experience in the film, media, and performing arts space. Virtual Auditions & Portfolio Reviews Audition or have a Portfolio Review virtually for New York Film Academy when having applied to a Graduate (MFA, MA), Undergraduate (BFA, BA, AFA), 1- or 2-Year Program. campuses & locations North America New York City Campus Los Angeles Campus South Beach, Miami Campus Harvard University Location Europe Florence, Italy Campus Paris, France Location Asia-Pacific Gold Coast, Australia Campus Beijing, China Location Degree Programs Certificate Programs Short-term workshops Youth Programs Study Abroad with NYFA Online Programs We Are Different 135k+ Students Graduated Since 1992 160+ International Students From Over 160 Countries 30 Years of Hands-On Programs 8 Campuses and Locations Worldwide Our Students Since enrolling in NYFA’s BFA Acting for Film degree, my classes, peers and professors have opened up a whole new world for me that I have come to appreciate and am proud to be part of. I cannot wait to use all the techniques and tools I’ve learned to continue my journey into the film industry. Mayté Losada Acting for Film As an Entertainment Professional, I decided to take NYFA’s Intro to Cinematography class to learn the craft and allow me to have more knowledgeable conversations with DPs. It expanded my knowledge, inspired me creatively and gave me more confidence on set – an invaluable resource. Nathan Williams Cinematography At NYFA, I learned that everything is possible in the film world with a certain amount of effort. Believing to be capable is the key to success. Pedro Peira Documentary Filmmaking I got to know myself in depth thanks to the intensity and discipline of the program. I learned about endurance, patience and my own breaking point during my studies. Discovering what my mind and body was capable of at the toughest of moments has been my greatest asset in life. Furaha Bayibsa Filmmaking, Producing, Screenwriting Testimonials Diversity Showcase Success Stories Upcoming Events Application Deadlines Short-Term Workshops View Calendar Mar 16, 2024 U.S. Campuses March 2024 New York City & Los Angeles On-Campus Open Houses – Adult Programs Join us for our On-Campus Open Houses at our New York City and Los Angeles campuses. We’ll be conducting scholarship auditions, portfolio reviews, and conduct an information session. Come prepared with questions! Mar 16, 2024 Online March 2024 Miami Online Open House Join us for an immersive online experience at the New York Film Academy – Miami Beach Campus Virtual Open House! Explore what it’s like to be a NYFA student, and engage in live Q&A sessions and have all your questions about our programs and campus life answered. This is your chance to fuel your passion for filmmaking or acting from wherever you are. Mark your calendar for March 16, 2024 at 11am. We’re excited to introduce you to the NYFA community! RSVP now to secure your spot in this unique online event and take the first step towards leaving your mark in the film industry. Zoom link will be provided upon registration. Mar 16, 2024 Online March 2024 Live Online Open House – Teens & Kids Programs We will be holding a Live Online Open House session for NYFA’s Youth Programs (for ages 10 – 17) where we will be sharing more information on our youth programs, locations, application, and enrollment processes, and much more. You can also submit questions during the open house to be answered live. We look forward to having you join us! Mar 23, 2024 Gold Coast, Australia March 2024 On-Campus Info Session Join us for our On-Campus Info Session held in-person at the Gold Coast Campus. Meet NYFA Australia’s industry professional faculty and find out how to join our hands-on programs. Apr 20, 2024 U.S. Campuses April 2024 NYC & LA On-Campus Open Houses – Adult Programs Join us for our On-Campus Open Houses at our New York City and Los Angeles campuses. We’ll be conducting scholarship auditions, portfolio reviews, and conduct an information session. Come prepared with questions! Apr 20, 2024 NYFA Miami Campus April 2024 Miami On-Campus Open House Join us for an unforgettable day at the New York Film Academy Miami Beach Campus for an Open House! Experience the energy and creativity of our film school, meet our expert faculty, and get a glimpse into the life of a NYFA student. Take a tour of our state-of-the-art facilities, attend exciting workshops, and get all your questions answered. Don’t miss this opportunity to ignite your passion for filmmaking or acting. Apr 20, 2024 Online April 2024 Live Online Open House – Teens & Kids Programs We will be holding a Live Online Open House session for NYFA’s Youth Programs (for ages 10 – 17) where we will be sharing more information on our youth programs, locations, application, and enrollment processes, and much more. You can also submit questions during the open house to be answered live. We look forward to having you join us! View Calendar Application Type/Term General Application Deadline Late Application Deadline Summer ’24 Undergraduate, Graduate, 1-Year, and 2-Year Certificate Application Deadline February 28, 2024 Application Fee: $75 March 29, 2024 Application Fee: $200 Fall ’24 Undergraduate, Graduate, 1-Year, and 2-Year Certificate Application Deadline For those applicants who will be applying for Federal Student Aid for the Fall 2024 Term, it is highly recommended that you submit your application for admission as well as complete your Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) no later than March 1, 2024. June 26, 2024 Application Fee: $75 July 26, 2024 Application Fee: $200 View Calendar Short-term workshop applications are accepted up until 10 days prior to the start of the program. NYFA will continue to accept short-term workshop applications until a program is full. Please submit your application as early as possible to reserve your place. Our Faculty Meet Our Faculty Film Arts Learn More Media Arts Learn More Performing Arts Learn More Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Follow Us Request Info Apply Now Visit us NYFA Brochures Store Faculty Alum network JOBS Teach-Out Policy RU ES AR IT PT JP KR CN Copyright © 2024 New York Film Academy • Privacy Policy All programs and workshops are solely owned and operated by the New York Film Academy and are not affiliated with Universal Studios, or Harvard University. GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website at http://www.benefits.va.gov/gibill. Not all programs are offered at all locations. BPPE: The New York Film Academy is approved to operate by the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education (BPPE) “Approval” or “approval to operate” means that the institution is compliant with the minimum standards contained in the California Private Postsecondary Education Act of 2009 (as amended) and Division 7.5 of Title 5 of the California Code of Education. Click here to access the Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education website. Click here to download New York Film Academy’s 2022 School Performance Fact Sheet for the Los Angeles Campus. Click here to download New York Film Academy – BPPE 2022 Annual Report. Manage Cookie Consent This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website, you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent