Toronto News Today | Ontario News | CTV News Toronto Skip to main content Live TORONTO Search CTVNews.ca Search News Latest News All News CTV News Investigates Weather Queen's Park Consumer Alert Traffic Toy Mountain Gas Prices Video Latest All Video Consumer Alert Health CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Contact Us Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kingston Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Nanaimo Newfoundland and Labrador Northern Ontario Ottawa Pembroke Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Sault Ste. Marie Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Shopping Trends Sections Black Friday Tech Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Search CTVNews.ca Search Toronto News Today | Ontario News | CTV News Toronto Top Stories Toronto home sales up in February from last year as consumers eye rate cuts: TRREB Greater Toronto home sales and listings were up in February from last year, but adjusted sales were down from a month earlier, the region's real estate board said Tuesday. Ontario senior loses $80,000 to cryptocurrency scam An Ontario senior is still trying to recover the $80,000 she lost to a cryptocurrency scam three years later. 2 dead following UP Express train collision A man and woman have died following a collision involving an UP Express train on Monday evening in the city’s west end, say paramedics. CP24 Live Top Videos Man the sixth person shot in west end, 5 fatally Two arrests following break-in at Scotiabank What family said to their loved ones' murderer Ajax senior says she lost $80K to crypto scam MORE TOP STORIES Police to provide update on human remains found at Toronto beach Toronto police are expected to provide an update Tuesday on human remains found at a downtown beach last year. B.C., Ontario mortgage-holders increasingly missed payments in Q4, Equifax says Equifax Canada says consumers in Ontario and British Columbia increasingly missed payments on mortgages and credit cards in the fourth quarter of 2023. Woman in hospital after crash involving streetcar in city's east end One woman was taken to hospital in serious condition after a collision involving a streetcar in the city’s east end, paramedics say. Conservative candidate Jamil Jivani clinches seat in Ontario riding Conservative candidate Jamil Jivani celebrated his victory in the Ontario riding of Durham by thanking his allies and pouncing on his "Liberal elite" rivals, who he says are making life harder and more expensive for the working class. Hamilton says it is dealing with a ransomware attack, no idea when IT systems will be restored Hamilton is contending with a ransomware attack that is impacting several of its municipal systems, city officials shared late Monday afternoon. 'You ripped a hole in all our lives:' Families of victims speak at sentencing for Joseph George Sutherland Family and friends of Susan Tice and Erin Gilmour addressed their loved ones' killer in a Toronto courtroom Monday, deploring his decision to keep the crimes to himself for nearly 40 years. Toronto man shocked by package delivered to his mailbox A Toronto man says that he discovered “nightmare fuel” – a container full of live cockroaches – in his mailbox after arriving home from a day of appointments with his wife and newborn daughter last week. Raptors sign centre Kelly Olynyk to multi-year contract extension The Toronto Raptors have signed centre Kelly Olynyk to a multi-year contract extension, the NBA club announced Monday. Pro-Palestinian demonstrators say they feel vilified after protest cancels PM event Organizers of a pro-Palestinian protest that disrupted a weekend reception featuring Prime Minister Justin Trudeau say they're being unfairly vilified. Ontario could be seeing 'sporadic' community transmission of measles Health experts say there is the potential for small-scale 'sporadic' community transmission of measles in Ontario after a vaccinated adult contracted the disease. WEATHER °C View Full Forecast >> Unable to retrieve weather data Complete Weather Forecast In Pictures TPL to SickKids: Who's been targeted by cyberattacks The weapons seized in Ontario's biggest gun bust Here's what the ROM could look like after renovations The Oct. 23 cyberattack led to the personal information of employees, including social insurance numbers and copies of government-issued identification, being stolen. The library’s website was down for months, with its online catalogue and personal accounts unavailable. Some in-branch services were also impacted by the cyberattack. The library said it is still investigating the full impact of the attack. <br><br><ahref="https://www.cp24.com/news/toronto-public-library-still-trying-to-determine-if-cardholder-data-was-stolen-in-cyberattack-1.6777478/">FULL STORY: Toronto Public Library still trying to determine if cardholder data was stolen in cyberattack</a><br> <br><br><a href=" https://www.cp24.com/news/toronto-public-library-still-trying-to-determine-if-cardholder-data-was-stolen-in-cyberattack-1.6777478">FULL STORY: Cybersecurity incident in Hamilton under investigation</a><br> Toronto man turning street pole into LEGO tower Toronto's unsolved homicides over the past decade Winter strikes in Toronto with burst of heavy snow A mundane street pole in Toronto is getting attention as a community of artists builds a tower of LEGO – five feet and counting – around it. (Supplied/Martin Reis) Fugitives: These are Toronto's most wanted suspects Porsche to Tesla: The cars on display at the Toronto Auto Show W5's deep dive into the world of Ontario's 'crypto king' The Toronto Police Service maintains a list of all of its most wanted suspects, some of whom are still at large in connection with homicides that date back decades. CTV News Toronto has compiled a look at many of the suspects that remain outstanding for major offences. Consumer Alert Ontario senior loses $80,000 to cryptocurrency scam An Ontario senior is still trying to recover the $80,000 she lost to a cryptocurrency scam three years later. Targeted debit machines thefts soar in Toronto as criminals get more sophisticated: police Toronto Police said there has been a 40 per cent increase in break and enter crimes over the past six months with thieves targeting small businesses to steal point of sale terminals (POS). More Ontario drivers being told to install tracking devices – but at their own expense More Canadian auto insurance companies are calling on some of their customers to install anti-theft tracking devices. But while certain insurers will pay for the installation of the system, others won’t. Flash freeze after wild swings in Ontario weather create prime slipping conditions The wild swing in winter weather, from record-breaking highs to freezing rain in the span of hours, has created prime conditions for slipping and falling in Toronto on Wednesday. Consumer Reports picks the best vehicles of 2024: Hybrids and plug-in hybrids make the list Consumer Reports has released its annual 10 Top Picks for the best cars on the road in 2024 and this year there is a definite drive towards hybrids and plug-in hybrids. Thinking about getting a vehicle with all-wheel drive? Here's what to know More than half of all new vehicles on the road come with all-wheel drive, and while the added protection may not compensate for a lack of good tires, it does help. Police issue warning after senior with dementia loses $600K to repeated grandparent scams The Ontario provincial police are warning Canadians to be vigilant after a senior with dementia lost $600,000 through repeated grandparent scams. 'Blown away': CRA tells Ontario man he's on the hook for over $38K in CERB payments An Ontario man is 'blown away' that he has to pay back the $38,600 he received in Canada Emergency Response Benefits, years after the Canada Revenue Agency approved him for it. 'Ungraded beef' from Mexico is showing up on store shelves. Here is what you need to know. If you have spotted "ungraded beef" at your grocery store recently – it's not mystery meat. In fact, officials say it's completely safe to consume. Queen's Park Ontario could be seeing 'sporadic' community transmission of measles Health experts say there is the potential for small-scale 'sporadic' community transmission of measles in Ontario after a vaccinated adult contracted the disease. Doug Ford government votes against motion to remove Hwy. 407 tolls for transport truck drivers Premier Doug Ford’s government has voted down a NDP motion that would have committed them to remove tolls for transport truck drivers on Highway 407. Scarborough Health Network to receive $1M from Sherman Legacy Foundation for diagnostic imaging The Scarborough Health Network (SHN) will be opening a new interventional radiology suite within its diagnostic imaging department late this year following a donation from the Honey & Barry Sherman Legacy Foundation. Crime & Courts Toronto man charged after allegedly following one woman, sexually assaulting another A 31-year-old man is facing several charges after allegedly following one woman, and shortly after, sexually assaulting another at a university campus in downtown Toronto. Driver charged in Oakville hit-and-run that seriously injured an elderly woman Police have charged a 36-year-old female driver who allegedly struck and seriously injured an elderly woman in Oakville last month before fleeing the scene. Police investigate 2 shooting incidents in Hamilton over the weekend Hamilton police are investigating two shooting incidents that happened over the weekend. Totally Toronto Neil Young announces North American tour, Toronto only Canadian stop Canadian folk legend Neil Young is hitting the road this spring for a North American tour and the only date north of the border on the 16-show run is in Toronto. Raccoons were behind more than a dozen of Toronto's power outages last year The raccoon behind a widespread power outage in downtown Toronto last week wasn’t the first of its kind to plunge residents into darkness. Toronto breaks 86-year-old temperature record Toronto broke an 86-year-old weather record on Friday as temperatures climbed above 13 C during an unseasonably warm February. Toronto City Council votes to lift tobogganing ban at 45 hills Toronto City Council has voted to reverse a ban on tobogganing at 45 hills that were deemed unsafe by park staff. The sun won't set before 5 p.m. in Toronto for another 9 months The light at the end of the tunnel that is winter inches closer and with it, comes a milestone – as of this week, the sun will not set before 5 p.m. in Toronto for another nine months. CALLOUT CALLOUT | How has the Toronto library cyberattack impacted you? CTV News Toronto wants to hear from library users about how the months-long cyber attack recovery has impacted them. WATCH WATCH | Timelapse video shows Toronto Pearson airport clearing snow amid storm As very wet snow fell on the city Tuesday, staff at Toronto Pearson International Airport were busy clearing the tarmac for its morning flights. Woman launches petition to limit size of running clubs in Toronto A woman has launched a petition after she says she was nearly knocked over by groups of runners on Toronto sidewalks twice in the last year. Here are some of the most expensive houses that sold for over $10M in Toronto in 2023 Luxury house sales in Toronto surpassing $10 million surged by 10 per cent in 2023, according to a real estate broker who says a new tax nudged sellers to the finish line. CTVNews.ca Top Stories Four provinces confirm measles cases, including rare case in fully vaccinated man Seventeen cases of measles have been confirmed in Quebec, Ontario, Saskatchewan and British Columbia — more than half of those in the Montreal area, while one Ontario case has been linked to a high school. 'I want to get off the plane.' The passengers refusing to fly on Boeing's 737 Max Many thousands of people board Max aircraft with no concerns. But do other passengers care? It appears that enough do. Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points stolen as he slept Cyber theft is surging, with hackers moving faster than ever to access private information and take it, and loyalty points accounts are a prime target. Ukraine claims it sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones Ukraine claimed Tuesday it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones as Kyiv’s forces continue to take aim at targets deep behind the war’s front line. Russian authorities did not confirm the claim. Inquest into Barrie, Ont., man's death while in police custody reveals dramatic details The inquest into the death of Olando Brown while in police custody in June 2018 in Barrie unfolded on Monday, with testimony shedding light on his final hours. Why you'll never hear some of the evidence presented at the foreign interference inquiry The head of an inquiry into foreign interference has agreed to a federal request to present some evidence behind closed doors. What to know about Super Tuesday and why it matters It's almost Super Tuesday when voters in 16 states and one territory will cast their ballots in the 2024 presidential primaries. Here's why the day matters — and why it looks a little different this year. Masked shooters kill 4 people and wound 7 at an outdoor party in California, police say A group of men in masks got out of a car and opened fire at an outdoor party in central California, killing four people and wounding seven others before driving off, police said Monday. Canadian mortgage-holders increasingly missed payments in Q4, Equifax says Consumers in Ontario and British Columbia increasingly missed payments on mortgages and credit cards in the fourth quarter of 2023, Equifax Canada said. W5 Investigates Arsenic Air: Dangerous smoke from a Quebec copper smelter Aysanabee: A soaring talent gives voice to his heritage Who's at your Door?: Held hostage by a door-to-door deal Who is Dillon Brooks?: Meet the NBA's most hated player Panama's War with Canada: An uprising sparked by a mine Customer (dis)Service: Repeat offender companies exposed The Crypto Bros: Untangling a web of fast money Celine's Silence: A Canadian superstar's health crisis Watch Live CTV News at Noon 12:00 p.m. CP24 Live at 5 5:00 p.m. CTV News at Six 6 p.m. CTV News at 11:30 11:30 p.m. Stay Connected TOP CTVNEWS.CA VIDEO Ont. police warn of scam targeting Chinese community York police are warning members of the Chinese community of an extortion scam threatening victims with arrest or deportation. Hackers drain Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points Ont. senior says she lost $80K to crypto scam on Facebook What a family said to their loved one's murderer in court CRA, Anti-Fraud Centre warn of tax-related scams in 2024 WATCH: Man wields nail gun at protest in Thornhill, Ont. Pro-Palestinian demonstrators block Trudeau from event Man charged with terrorism in shooting at Edmonton City Hall Malaysia may renew hunt for missing MH370 aircraft Listen Live Things to Know T.O. SPONSORED SPONSORED | COBS Bread Doughtnation Day March 2 COBS Bread bakes up a tasty way to give back to local charities in your community with their fourth annual Doughnation Day Saturday, March 2. Buy a six-pack of your favourite hot cross buns and $2 will be donated to one of 120 charities nationwide! SPONSORED SPONSORED | Financial Planning at Any Age Kelvin and Brittney Rampersad from Carte Wealth Management discuss tax saving tips and the importance of financial planning. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Making collagen a part of your daily routine Naturopathic Doctor Courtney Ranieri discusses the benefits of a daily dose of collagen. SPONSORED SPONSORED | We Welcome Josie Dye to CHUM Radio Josie Dye is no stranger to radio and lucky for us, she's now part of the Bell Media family at CHUM 104.5. Catch her on the afternoon drive on CHUM weekdays from 3 to 6 p.m.! SPONSORED SPONSORED | Get a Taste for Travel this Winter with Aeroplan Lifestyle expert Pay Chen explains ways to earn bonus points on top of a great contest running right now where you could win a dream trip with the LCBO and Aeroplan Taste and travel contest running now until March 30th. SPONSORED SPONSORED | Sweater Weather Seasonal Favourites Lifestyle Expert Richard Cazeau ushers in the cooler weather with playful gear designed to make the next few months more fun. Etalk at the Oscars We check in with Etalk’s Tyrone Edwards to get an insider look at what to expect at this year’s Oscars on March 10th SPONSORED SPONSORED | Age-Specific Cough & Immunity Syrups Pharmacist Sandra Tradros Guirguis and Lifestyle contributor Maureen Dennis discuss Zarbee’s cough and immunity syrups. Shopping Trends > The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us. Editor's Picks As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products Scotland's Top Outdoor Clothing Brand Just Arrived In Canada, And Here Are A Few Of Our Favourite Finds Our Guide To The Best Walking Pads In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them) Beauty 17 Holy Grail Products That Reviewers With Eczema Swear By If You Have Dry Skin, Add At Least One Of These Hydrating Foundations To Your Cart 11 Of The Best Shampoos For Oily Hair You Can Get Online Right Now Gifts 15 Baby Shower Gifts from Amazon Canada Any New Parent Will Appreciate 20 Gifts To Get Your Favourite Person (Or Yourself) 17 Unique Gifts From Amazon Canada To Get The Person Who Has Everything Home As Seen On Your Morning: 8 Of Andrea Buckett's Favourite Kitchen Products If You Have A Hard Time Keeping Your Fridge Organized, These Space-Saving Products Are For You 6 Travel Essentials Every Dog Owner Probably Needs Montreal Senior shot in Saint-Laurent parking lot Injured man walks into hotel in Brossard asking for help Man dead after being hit by bus in Saint-Laurent Northern Ontario Tax season is now upon us, along with tax scams Northern Ont. hockey mom charged in parking lot brawl after game 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team Kitchener Kitchener, Ont. family meets with health minister after 19-hour wait for emergency surgery FunGuyz magic mushroom shop set to open in Kitchener Former Stratford restaurant owner appears in court on 15 fraud-related charges London Minor injuries for motorcycle driver following crash Woman released from hospital following stabbing Armed robbery leads to charges for London youth Ottawa NEW THIS MORNING NEW THIS MORNING | These tips can help you avoid a scam Ottawa man's 200,000 Aeroplan points stolen as he slept Record-warm temperatures today, 10-15 mm of rain tonight in Ottawa Windsor Fairmount Properties suing City of Windsor over quashing of 'Global Village' project WPS looking for suspect in fraud investigation 'This is the start of the process, not the conclusion': Windsor mayor makes Roseland Golf promises Barrie Inquest into Barrie, Ont., man's death while in police custody reveals dramatic details Orillia closing in on location for new transitory housing program Pilot escapes uninjured after plane crashes in farmer's field near Barrie Atlantic Crash causes power outage, closes section of Windmill Road in Dartmouth Tents trashed as Halifax clears out homeless encampment designated for closure Fair start to the week but risk of heavy rain, snow looms Winnipeg 'It’s just time': Corydon Hardware to close its doors after 75 years 'We want accountability': Parents of woman killed by drunk driver want passenger charged ‘No more of this waiting’: New Winnipeg Transit fare payment system nixes Peggo cards Calgary Teen in critical condition following highway crash in Brooks, Alta. Calgary man out nearly $5K after his bank account was accessed fraudulently Ottawa set to unveil budget in April; province seeking infrastructure help Edmonton Terrorism charges laid against man in Edmonton City Hall shooting City deals with bylaw 'tensions' around zoning change applications 'Quite hard on our business': Car wash owners want compensation from Epcor after water ban Vancouver Crown wants 8-year sentence for man accused of posing as cop in deadly attack on senior in Vancouver From contact tracing to addressing vaccine hesitancy: How B.C. is responding to 1st new measles case Drug decriminalization debate continues in B.C. Canada Toronto cop handed temporary demotion after 'harassing' domestic violence victim, dispute with tenant: tribunal Inquest into Barrie, Ont., man's death while in police custody reveals dramatic details B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit 'Significant' number of UFO sightings reported in Canada last year: survey Doug Ford government votes against motion to remove Hwy. 407 tolls for transport truck drivers 'You ripped a hole in all our lives:' Families of victims speak at sentencing for Joseph George Sutherland World Ukraine claims it sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones A German military officer used an unsecured line for a conference call. Russia hacked and leaked it Israel escalates its criticism of a UN agency in Gaza. It says 450 of its workers are militants 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team North Korea threatens to take military moves in response to U.S.-South Korean drills 24 fishermen rescued from half-submerged ship in rough seas off Japanese island, but 1 found dead Entertainment 'Dune: Part Two' passes 'Oppenheimer' opening weekend at domestic box office with US$82.5 million Sinead O'Connor's estate asks Donald Trump to stop playing her music at rallies AI has come for music. So far, there's a Great Big Sea between people and algorithms Health Four provinces confirm measles cases, including rare case in fully vaccinated man Health minister 'deeply concerned' about measles outbreaks across Canada amid struggling vaccination efforts OPINION OPINION | What you should know to reduce the risk of prostate cancer Politics Guilbeault calls Saskatchewan premier 'immoral' for breaking carbon-price law Sask. residents could see smaller carbon rebate cheques says premier, federal minister Freeland promises to 'unlock pathways' to middle-class life in April 16 federal budget Sci-Tech B.C. Supreme Court approves $14.4M settlement of iPhone class-action lawsuit Your company probably knows you're reading this story at work Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk for over US$128 million in severance, Wall Street Journal reports Autos Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by U.K. police GM recalling 250,000 pickup trucks in Canada for tailgate issue More Ontario drivers being told to install tracking devices – but at their own expense Business Canadian mortgage-holders increasingly missed payments in Q4, Equifax says Okanagan winery and villa on sale for just under $10M Bitcoin bursts above US$68,000, record high comes into view Lifestyle Toronto man thought he won just $50 in the lottery. He missed a few zeroes Celebrity owl Flaco memorialized in New York after fatal building collision The eyes have it: The intriguing history of kohl Sports 5-time Iditarod champion Dallas Seavey kills and guts a moose that got entangled with his dog team Raptors sign centre Kelly Olynyk to multi-year contract extension LAFC head coach condemns MLS game played in heavy snow as an 'absolute disgrace' Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton © 2024 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy