Outside Magazine Outside Watch Learn Podcasts Maps Events Shop BuySell Outside+ Join Now Sign In Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Outside Watch Premium Films and Live TV Campfire Outside Learn Expand your Skills with Online Courses Podcasts The Outside Podcast Maps Get the Free Gaia GPS App Get the Free Trailforks App Events Find Your Event BuySell Buy & Sell Gear Outside+ See Membership Programs Shop Discover Outdoor Products Advocacy Find Your Good Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Brands Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside.io Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Pinkbike Roll Massif Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News Cairn FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Books VeloSwap Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Roll Massif Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Shop VeloPress VeloSwap 2-FOR-1 GA TICKETS WITH OUTSIDE+ Don’t miss Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more at the Outside Festival. GET TICKETS NOW TICKETS NOW ON SALE! Outside Festival feat. Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more. GET EARLY-BIRD DEALS Search Home Gear Gear News Cars & Trucks Apparel Biking Camping Climbing Hiking Running Snow Sports Water Sports Tools & Tech Gear Picks Business Journal Run News Gear Training Racing Adventure Exploration & Survival Environment Everest Biking Climbing Hiking Snow Sports Water Sports Health Nutrition Training & Performance Wellness Travel Destinations Travel Advice Essays News and Analysis National Parks Culture Active Families Books & Media Essays Love & Humor Opinion Food Recipes Drinks Cooking Equipment Food Culture Long Reads Videos Podcasts Daily Rally Winter Gear Guide Outside Online Outside Feed Gear Run Adventure Health Travel Culture Food Long Reads Videos Podcasts Winter Gear Guide Outside Online Outside Feed Gear Run Adventure Health Travel Culture Food Long Reads Videos Podcasts Winter Gear Guide Join Now Sign In Escape the Crowds at the 11 Least-Visited National Parks in the U.S. According to new NPS data, visitation is up at the country’s most popular national parks. But at these under-the-radar gems, the scenery is equally spectacular and you’ll have plenty of room to explore. Graham Averill Yes, Strava for Dogs Is Now a Real Thing Miyo McGinn Should I Travel to Mexico, Jamaica, and the Bahamas Right Now? I’m Concerned About Safety. Jen Murphy The Kids from Cool Lane Just Want to Ride Bikes Ian Dille We Love Writing. And Procrastinating. Running Helps Us Do Both. Brendan Leonard Stories Outside Readers Love How Did This Climber Get Away with So Much for So Long? What It Takes to See 10,000 Bird Species Stories Outside Readers Love I Knew It Was Time to Move to a Mountain Town. I Just Didn’t Know Which One. We Just Moved to a Rural Town. Can We Tell Our Weird Neighbor to Leave Us Alone? Latest Sponsored Content Meet the Adventure Sandal You Didn’t Know You Needed Keep your feet happy—and active—with the latest addition to Birkenstock’s outdoor adventure line Birkenstock North America Your Ultimate Travel Guide to Todos Santos, Mexico From where to eat, play, and stay, to whether or not you need to speak Spanish, here’s the insider intel you need to visit Baja Sur’s best beach town Wes Siler Updated Mar 4, 2024 Apparel The Best Yoga Gear of 2024 We tested yoga apparel, mats, and accessories during dozens of hours of diverse practice to find the pieces that will optimize your yoga experience Aleta Burchyski Published Feb 29, 2024 Running The Rab Veil 12’s Comfortable Fit, Accessible Pockets, and Versatile Size Make It the Only Running Pack We Need The Rab Veil 12 comfortably carried everything we needed on runs from neighborhood jogs to 100-mile adventures—and let us reach what we wanted without taking the pack off Anna Callaghan Updated Mar 4, 2024 Snow Sports This Cross-Country Skier Just Ended America’s 41-Year Losing Streak Alaskan Gus Schumacher became the first American man since 1983 to win a distance cross-country World Cup. The victory has transformed him into a ski racing celebrity. Frederick Dreier Published Feb 28, 2024 Running The Best Running Hydration Vests of 2024 We tested more than two dozen running packs on rugged trail adventures and easy road runs. These seven came out on top. Anna Callaghan Updated Feb 29, 2024 Training & Performance Yes, Your Sports Bra Really Can Restrict Your Breathing The quest for adequate support can make running less efficient by forcing your breathing muscles to work harder, new research finds Alex Hutchinson Published Feb 28, 2024 Destinations The 11 Most Remote, Travel-Worthy Places on Earth Tropical atolls, distant hikes and hot springs, and wild jungles and mountaintops lure adventurous travelers to these beautiful far flung spots Graham Averill Published Feb 28, 2024 Books & Media Craig Kelly Took Snowboarding to New Heights. Then He Was Gone. In an excerpt from the new book ‘The Darkest White: A Mountain Legend and the Avalanche That Took Him,' author Eric Blehm details Kelly's rise as an unlikely hero in the fledgling sport of snowboarding, and the fatal day an avalanche swept him—and six others—away. Eric Blehm Published Feb 27, 2024 Environment Flaco the Owl Was Destined to Die Tragically. The Man Who Followed Him for a Year Reveals Why. Ed Shanahan spent the last year reporting on Flaco for The New York Times. Here he discusses the owl’s thrilling life and tragic death—and why the story grabbed the attention of people everywhere. Frederick Dreier Updated Feb 28, 2024 See All Adventure The ‘Into the Wild’ Bus Was a Pilgrimage Site in the Wilderness. Can It Hold Up in a Museum? The rusty coach where Chris McCandless spent his final days, captured the imagination of people all over the world and inspired hundreds of seekers to make dangerous treks to the site. Now a dedicated team of curators in Alaska have given it new life as a fascinating exhibit—one that tells the story not just of McCandless, but of modern Alaska. Editors’ Picks A Rescue Report from Mount Washington Pulls No Punches A Hiker and a Terrier Went up a Mountain. The Dog Came Home 72 Days Later. Why the Hell Did 23 Skiers Require Rescue near Killington Resort? View More Health Most Supplements Don’t Work. But That’s Not the Worst Part. The pursuit of performance in a bottle inherently undermines our attempts to get faster, stronger, and healthier, our Sweat Science columnist argues Editors’ Picks How Women Respond to Strength Training, According to Science How Little Strength Training Can You Get Away With? When Her Body Failed Her, She Reached for a Fruitarian Diet. It Wasn’t the Cure. View More Travel 9 Places to See the Most Dazzling Northern Lights in Decades Our aurora-chasing author (who shot this photo) knows just where to head. Here are the destinations expected to put on the show of a lifetime this year. Editors’ Picks The 8 Most Jaw-Dropping Scenic Roads in the U.S. You’ll Need Reservations at These 10 Popular National Parks in 2024 7 of the Most Affordable Mountain Towns in America View More Culture Tiya Miles Reveals the Hidden History of Women in the Outdoors The historian and author shows how wild places shaped the lives of female trailblazers Editors’ Picks I Survived a Traumatic Brain Injury. Now I Can’t Stop Doubting Myself. How Foraging Taught Me Middle-Aged Self-Acceptance My Boyfriend Says I Abandoned Him on a Camping Trip. Did I Really? View More Long Reads “Please I Will Give Anything for You to Come Back” In the wake of the pandemic, Rebecca Vance spiraled into a hidden world of conspiracy theory, convincing herself that global elites had ordered COVID-19 lockdowns as part of a plot to usher in a dictatorial government. She and her sister took Rebecca’s son, loaded up a car, and headed for the Colorado backcountry. They would never return. Editors’ Picks Skiers Are Paying Resorts Big Bucks for First Tracks on Powder Days. But Should Powder Be for Sale? What It Takes to See 10,000 Bird Species Did This Website Revolutionize Surfing or Kill a Part of Its Renegade Soul? View More Gear Why Outdoor Gear from the 1990s Is Coming Back into Style The pre-internet decade is having a nostalgic moment, and I couldn’t be happier Editors’ Picks The Weird Origin Story of Your Favorite Patagonia Jacket Why My Favorite Strength-Training Equipment Is a Backpack Made for Distance Running We Loved the Classic Look of These Earbuds from Marshall. Then We Were Wowed by Their Sound Quality. View More Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Watch A Tour of a Renovated, DIY $500 Truck-Camper Rig In this episode of the 101, Bryan Rogala tours cameraman Corey Leavitt’s new 2002 Dodge Ram 2500 build-out. Here's how Leavitt spent months gutting and renovating it. View More Listen Way, Way, Too Close to a Whale People dream of boating or swimming with whales. But that’s based on the false assumption that they are gentle giants that don’t bother humans. View More The Landscape of Southern Racism Mississippi Delta: Returning Home to Its Haunted Past A Black southerner who grew up during the dying years of Jim Crow journeyed north as a young man to pursue life as a writer and scholar. Fate brought him back, and he fell in love with a troubled part of the state known around the world as the birthplace of the blues. W. Ralph Eubanks Published Mar 4, 2024 The flat fields of the Mississippi Delta seem endless, and they can magically transport a traveler into the past. Sometimes when I’m driving through a stretch of this crescent-shaped part of northwest Mississippi—not to be confused with the region hundreds of miles south of here where the Mississippi River flows into the Gulf of Mexico—I look at the landscape and feel like I’m in one of those classic shots taken by a Depression-era photographer like Dorothea Lange. I know those photos intimately from the pages of books, but when I’m here, I’m also wandering through the early pages of my life. My family once lived in the Delta, and I’ve been visiting it since I was a child. But if I’m being honest, I didn’t fully appreciate the richness of this place until I was well into middle age, when I came back to Mississippi to teach after decades of living in the Northeast. I’ve always been fascinated by the dramatic drop you experience just north of Yazoo City—near the southern end of the Delta—when your car goes down a hill and, suddenly, the land looks tabletop flat for as far as you can see. In my mid-forties, to connect with the memory of my younger self, I began driving Delta roads as a pastime. Later I began to wander from them and ramble through towns with a litany of colorful names—Midnight, Alligator, Panther Burn, Egypt—unsure what I was searching for. Now, at age 65, I’m still driving around, with a new and profound sense of wonder. Continue Reading Latest Issue January/February 2024 Outside Magazine See the issue See the Archive Join Outside+ Enjoy coverage of racing, history, food, culture, travel, and tech with access to unlimited digital content from Outside Network's iconic brands. Learn More Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Careers Terms of Use Licensing & Accolades Digital Archives Site Map Manage Cookie Preferences Privacy Request Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside TV SKI Warren Miller Endurance Beta MTB Fastest Known Time Pinkbike Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Nastar Outside Events Cycling Series Outside Shop © 2024 Outside Interactive, Inc