Add-ons for Thunderbird Register or Log in Other Applications Firefox Firefox for Android SeaMonkey Add-ons Extensions Featured Most Popular Top Rated Appearance and Customization Calendar and Date/Time Chat and IM Contacts Folders and Filters Import/Export Language Support Message Composition Message and News Reading Miscellaneous Privacy and Security Tags Themes Most Popular Top Rated Newest Abstract Causes Fashion Film and TV Holiday Music Nature Other Scenery Seasonal Solid Sports Websites Want more customization? Try Complete Themes Collections Featured Collections I've Made My Favorite Add-ons More… Dictionaries & Language Packs Search Tools Developer Hub Welcome to Thunderbird Add-ons. Add extra features and styles to make Thunderbird your own. Close On the go? Check out our Mobile Add-ons site. Close Explore Featured Most Popular Top Rated Categories Appearance and Customization Calendar and Date/Time Chat and IM Contacts Folders and Filters Import/Export Language Support Message Composition Message and News Reading Miscellaneous Privacy and Security Tags Most Popular All » 1. ImportExportTools NG 242,812 users 2. Provider for Google Calendar 199,841 users 3. LookOut (fix version) 161,640 users 4. Quicktext 121,889 users 5. Send Later 97,255 users 6. Remove Duplicate Messages 96,261 users 7. TbSync 74,880 users 8. CardBook 73,837 users 9. Mail Merge 67,250 users 10. Grammar and Spell Checker — LanguageTool 57,070 users Featured Extensions See all » Display Mail User Agent T Miscellaneous Rated 5 out of 5 stars (27) Download Now Displays the mail program with which the selected mail was written*This addon is compatible with Thunderbird after Web Extesnsions support. Since development and operation check are done on Daily, it may not work on normal Thunderbird. by Toshi 11,083 users AutoarchiveReloaded Chat and IM Rated 4 out of 5 stars (25) Download Now Automatically archives old mails (Improved version of the orginal Autoarchive Add-on) by Brummolix 26,381 users SmartTemplates Message Composition Rated 5 out of 5 stars (78) Download Now SmartTemplates offers an easy and powerful way to automatically create customized replies by auto-inserting various mail headers. Templates can be created for every mail identity, Stationery files can now be imported and used directly. by Realraven (Axel Grude), Marky Mark DE 5,080 users FileLink provider for WebDAV Miscellaneous Rated 3 out of 5 stars (18) Download Now Uploads your large attachments to your WebDAV account instead of sending them by email. by Geoff Lankow, John Bieling 42,658 users XNote++ Message and News Reading Rated 5 out of 5 stars (125) Download Now Persistent sticky notes associated to emails. You can fulltext search with constraints/email them/print/bookmark/copy to clipboard.If you have a large screen, you can even display the notes outside of TB's main window, so it won't hide anything. by opto 22,461 users CardBook Contacts Rated 4 out of 5 stars (439) Download Now A new Thunderbird address book based on the CardDAV and vCard standards.Twitter: @CardBookAddon by Philippe V. 73,837 users Up & Coming Extensions See all » Colored Diffs Message and News Reading Rated 4 out of 5 stars (20) Download Now Color diffs sent by SVN/CVS/GIT/Mercurial... by Vadim Atlygin, Qeole 922 users EML-Editor Message Composition Rated 2 out of 5 stars (1) Download Now Addons to edit EML files and save your emails as EML file with their attachements.Available on Github with MIT Licence : https://github.com/pgpgeek/thunderbird-addon-eml-editor by Dave Hill 998 users More Snooze Appearance and Customization Rated 5 out of 5 stars (10) Download Now This add allow to customize the snooze delay when snooze popup appears (lightning required). by Cyrille Nocus, peci1 1,046 users Expand mailing lists Message Composition Rated 5 out of 5 stars (2) Download Now Adds an 'expand lists' button to the compose window. It replaces all mailing lists with their contacts. by DaveRo 1,065 users Unmangle Microsoft ATP Safelinks Message and News Reading Rated 5 out of 5 stars (6) Download Now Users of outlook.com and o365 who have Advanced Thread Protection enabled will have all URL's in emails changed to redirect them to an Microsoft filter before opening. This is a bad idea.This plugin will change the URL back to the original value. by Peter Havekes 1,104 users Toggle Line Wrap Message Composition Rated 3 out of 5 stars (11) Download Now Toggle wrapping of long lines in the message composition window when writing plaintext messages. Wrapping can be controlled via a toolbar button and a keyboard shortcut. by Jan Kiszka 1,187 users Featured Collections See all » Thunderbird Add-ons? Here's Some Great Ones! Thunderbird add-ons that I've either used for years, or tested and highly suggest. 61 add-ons Mozilla Labs Messaging Add-ons The add-ons included in this collection are all ones that are part of the messaging category on Mozilla Labs: https://mozillalabs.com/messaging/ 3 add-ons To create your own collections, you must have a Mozilla Add-ons account. Create an Add-ons Account or log in to your current account get to know add-ons About Blog Developer Hub Forum Other languages Afrikaans عربي Asturianu Azərbaycanca Български বাংলা (বাংলাদেশ) Bosanski Català Maya Kaqchikel Čeština Dansk Deutsch Dolnoserbšćina Ελληνικά English (Canadian) English (British) English (US) Español Euskara فارسی suomi Français Frysk Gaeilge ગુજરાતી עברית Hornjoserbsce magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 ქართული Taqbaylit 한국어 Македонски Монгол Melayu Norsk bokmål Nederlands Norsk nynorsk ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (ਭਾਰਤ) Polski Português (do Brasil) Português (Europeu) Română Русский slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Svenska తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe Українська اُردو Tiếng Việt 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) Go Privacy Policy | Report Trademark or Copyright Infringement | Legal Notices | Report Misuse of Thunderbird Trademark | Report a bug Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike License v3.0 or any later version.