Real-time SEO Auditing & Monitoring Platform - ContentKing for Conductor Jump to Main Content Features Overview --- SEO Auditing SEO Monitoring SEO Alerting SEO Change Tracking Log File Analysis Insights & Reporting APIs & Integrations Solutions By Industry Agencies eCommerce Marketplaces Publishers Travel By Role Executives Marketing Managers Technical SEOs Content Teams Developers Case studies Start Trial Go to app × Features Overview --- SEO Auditing SEO Monitoring SEO Alerting SEO Change Tracking Log File Analysis Insights & Reporting APIs & Integrations Solutions By Industry Agencies eCommerce Marketplaces Publishers Travel By Role Executives Marketing Managers Technical SEOs Content Teams Developers Case studies Academy Overview SEO Fundamentals Technical SEO Ecommerce SEO International SEO Structured Data Content and SEO Processes SEO Reporting and Management Google Search Console Frequently Asked SEO Questions Blog View all Feature Announcements SEO in Focus Industry News Other Certified Partners United States United Kingdom Benelux Other Careers Support Contact Go to app Menu Real-time SEO Auditing & Monitoring Platform Because search engines never sleep. Some unexpected error happened. Please contact us. Something went wrong. Please, try again later. Domain (required) Please enter a valid domain name (www.example.com). This domain is already being monitored by ContentKing. Please contact us if you are the rightful owner of this domain. This website redirects to . Do you want to add this website instead? This domain has been excluded from monitoring. If you own it, please contact us. We can't find this domain. Are you sure it's correct? Unfortunately, we can't reach this website (connect failure). Please contact us for help. Unfortunately, we can't reach this website (empty response). Please contact us for help. Unfortunately, we can't reach this website (size limit). Please contact us for help. Unfortunately, we can't reach this website (time-out). Please contact us for help. Unfortunately, we can't reach this website (blocked by web application firewall). Please contact us for help. Start your free trial . No credit card needed or Schedule Live Demo 4.8 / 5 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 4.9 / 5 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 9.7 / 10 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Trusted by the best Join 2,000+ customers like: Core Feature Real-time SEO Auditing 24/7 Monitoring™ The only SEO Auditing solution that can monitor your web properties 24/7. Actionable Insights & Tasks Using a wide array of signals our algorithms deliver meaningful insights and tasks. Cloud-based No need to install anything and your data and reports are available at any time. ContentKing Alerts™ Something breaks? Be the first to know and fix it before your results are impacted. Discover all ContentKing features Core Feature Content Change Tracking™ Capture all changes For the first time ever you're able to see what's really happening. New, deleted & redirected pages We promise you: reporting and keeping up to date has never been this easy and fun. Drill-down, Dissect and Export Regardless of the number of changes, you can do whatever you want with your data. Discover all ContentKing features Case Studies Success stories from our customers How TELUS uses ContentKing to empower their Digital Marketing Get the story How Blue Array avoids significant revenue losses with ContentKing Get the story Build vs. Buy: How Danone saved hundreds of thousands of Euros by switching to ContentKing Get the story Explore more case studies Recommended by Top-class speakers and digital marketing experts Aleyda Solis International SEO Consultant & Founder, Orainti Kevin Indig Director of SEO, Shopify Nick LeRoy SEO consultant, Nick LeRoy Consulting LLC As seen on Blog View all Log File Analysis for Cloudflare sites via Logpush ContentKing Log File Analysis for Fastly Extended ContentKing Log File Analysis ContentKing & Conductor at brightonSEO brightonSEO Spring 2022 Academy View all Robots.txt Redirects Shopify SEO Guide Magento 2 SEO Guide Frequently Asked SEO Questions About us Our storyMeet our teamCareersContact us ★★★★★ 130+ user reviews Support UK: +44 20 3290 8992 US: +1 919-647-9205 support@contentkingapp.com Sign up for our newsletter Copyright © 2024 ContentKing Accessibility Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Preferences Terms of Use So soon? Well, before you go... Sign up for our newsletter. Join over 35,000 smart people Loaded with carefully curated content on SEO and digital marketing Insightful articles, data-driven research, podcasts and videos Something went wrong. Please, try again later. Email (required) Please enter a valid email address. Question Subscribe You can opt-out at any time with a single click. No thanks, I don't want to stay updated on digital marketing. Thank you for your subscription, welcome aboard! Continue to our website You're already a subscriber to our newsletter. Thanks for being a loyal reader! Please confirm your sign-up to our newsletter using the confirmation email that we just sent you. × This website uses cookies We use cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept all“, you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings by clicking “Preferences”. Preferences Reject all Accept all Cookie Policy Last updated January 24, 2022 When you use our website www.contentkingapp.com (“Website”), we may place cookies. This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and in which way cookies are stored on, and information is read from, your computer, mobile device and/or tablet (“Devices”). Please read this Cookie Policy carefully in order to understand what type of cookies ContentKing uses, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used. What are cookies? Cookies are small text files which are stored on the browser or hard drive of your Device when you visit a webpage or use an application. Cookies may be needed to show the webpage or application on your Device and are also used to enhance the user experience. Cookies cannot damage your Devices or the files saved on it. There are different types of cookies. Some cookies come directly from our website (first party cookies) and others come from third parties which place cookies on our site (third party cookies). Cookies can be stored for varying lengths of time on your browser or device. Session cookies are deleted from your computer or device when you close your web-browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer or Device until deleted or until they reach their expiry date. How do we use cookies? Essential (Technical) cookies We try to provide an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to needs and wishes of our visitors and users. To achieve this, we use technical cookies to i.e. show you our Website, to make it function correctly, to create your ContentKing account, to sign you in and to manage your requests. These technical cookies are necessary for our website to function properly. Functional cookies We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and settings (as username, password, language etc.) and to help you to use the Website efficiently and effectively. These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our Website, but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience. Analytical cookies We use analytical cookies in order to collect statistics about the use and visits of the Website. These analytic cookies generate statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ Devices. The information generated relating to our Website is used to create reports about the use of the Website. Analytical cookies may be placed without your consent, unless such cookies have an impact on your privacy. In such cases, prior consent will be asked for. Google Analytics We use Google Analytics cookies in order to collect statistics about the use and visits of the Website. With these analytical cookies a permanent cookie is saved on your device to register your use of the Website. Google Analytics analyses this data and provides us with the results. This way, we obtain insight into the traffic of the Website and the way in which the Website is used. Based on this information we are able to make specific adjustments to the Website. The information that we obtain is transferred to Google and stored by Google on servers outside the European Economic Area. We have entered into a data processing agreement with Google in which agreements have been made regarding the processing of personal data. If you would like more information about analytical cookies and their expiry date, please visit the Google Analytics information page. Google also offers an opt-out option for data collection within the scope of Google Analytics. Marketing cookies We use third party marketing cookies in order to follow your internet browsing behavior and collect data and information on your browsing behavior from various websites you visited. This information is used to make the content of the displayed advertisements as relevant as possible, and to limit repetition of the same advertisements. Social plug-ins By using the Website you can get access to social media websites, such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. These buttons come with a code which has been made by these networks themselves. Using these so called social plug-ins you can login to your social media profile and subsequently share information from the Website with others. With these social plug-ins third party marketing cookies are saved on your Devices. These cookies serve the purpose of optimizing your user experience. Companies such as LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook may share your personal data outside the European Economic Area. Please read our Privacy Policy here and the respective social network’s privacy statement to see how these companies treat your (personal) data. Pixels We also place pixels of third parties. A pixel keeps track of your surfing behavior and how you use the Website. These data are aggregated and give us information about the target group that visits our website. Based on this information, we can show an advertisement to a specific or similar target group on the website of the third party that produced the pixel. Disable or delete cookies When you first visit the Website, we ask you to give consent for cookies that are not necessary or functional and that have an impact on your privacy. If you do not give consent, these cookies will not be placed. In that case, you may not be able to use all the functionalities on our Website. You can configure your browser so that you do not receive any cookies the next time you use the website. You can read here how you can remove different types of cookies in different browsers. Please consult the help-function of your browser if your browser is not listed below. Chrome Firefox Edge Safari Note: Refusing or deleting cookies only affects the Device and the browser on which you perform this action. If you use different Devices and/or browsers you will need to repeat the above described actions on these Devices and/or browsers. Privacy It is possible that information collected through a cookie or obtained otherwise, contains personal data. If this is the case, our Privacy Policy is applicable on the processing of these data. The Privacy Policy can be read here. Can this Cookie Policy be changed? We may amend this Cookie Policy in the future. If there are substantive or material changes that may affect one or more of the parties involved to a considerable extent, we inform those involved in advance. Our changed Cookie Policy will also be available on this web page, so it is recommended to regularly have a look at this page. Overview cookies Essential (Technical) cookies Essential (Technical) cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function (properly) without these cookies. Name: viewedOuibounceModal Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Store state of having closed the exit intent modal. Expiry: 1 month Type: http_cookie Name: nette-samesite Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Communication with account service. Expiry: Session Type: http_cookie Name: session_timestamp Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Utility for tracking of session start time. Expiry: Session Type: SessionStorage Name: what-intent Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Utility for tracking the current input method. Expiry: Session Type: SessionStorage Name: what-input Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Utility for tracking the current input method. Expiry: Session Type: SessionStorage Name: contentking Provider: ContentKing Purpose: Store state for website functioning. Expiry: 1 day Type: LocalStorage Statistics (analytical cookies) These cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Name: _ga Provider: Google Analytics Purpose: Store and count pageviews. Expiry: 2 years Type: http_cookie Name: _ga_* Provider: Google Analytics Purpose: Store and count pageviews. Expiry: 2 years Type: http_cookie Name: _gcl_au Provider: Google AdSense Purpose: Store and track conversions. Expiry: 3 months Type: http_cookie Name: _gid Provider: Google Analytics Purpose: Store and count pageviews. Expiry: 1 day Type: http_cookie Name: _dc_gtm_* Provider: Google Analytics Purpose: Store number of service requests. Expiry: 1 minute Type: http_cookie Name: wd Provider: Facebook Purpose: Information about browser window dimensions. Expiry: 1 day Type: http_cookie Marketing (Social plug-ins, third party marketing cookies, pixels) Marketing cookies are used to follow visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Name: intercom-session-* Provider: Intercom Purpose: Contact, communication, support. Expiry: 1 week Type: http_cookie Name: intercom-id-* Provider: Intercom Purpose: Contact, communication, support. Expiry: 9 months Type: http_cookie Name: li_gc Provider: LinkedIn Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 2 years Type: http_cookie Name: lidc Provider: LinkedIn Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 day Type: http_cookie Name: bcookie Provider: LinkedIn Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 2 years Type: http_cookie Name: _uetsid Provider: Microsoft Advertising Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 day Type: http_cookie Name: _uetvid Provider: Microsoft Advertising Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 year Type: http_cookie Name: tap_vid Provider: Tapfiliate Purpose: Affiliate marketing Expiry: 1 year Type: http_cookie & LocalStorage Name: _fbp Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 3 months Type: http_cookie Name: _fbc Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 3 months Type: http_cookie Name: fr Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 3 months Type: http_cookie Name: xs Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 3 months Type: http_cookie Name: dpr Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 5 days Type: http_cookie Name: c_user Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 30 days Type: http_cookie Name: sb Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 year, 1 month, 14 days Type: http_cookie Name: datr Provider: Facebook Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 year, 1 month, 14 days Type: http_cookie Name: muc Provider: Twitter Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 year, 10 months, 3 days Type: http_cookie Name: muc-ads Provider: Twitter Purpose: Marketing Expiry: 1 year, 10 months, 3 days Type: http_cookie Back Your Cookie Preferences Our chat requires cookies to function. Please enable Marketing cookies to continue, alternatively you can contact us via email at support@contentkingapp.com We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories below to learn more about their purposes. You may choose which types of cookies to allow. Remember that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. You can learn more about how we use cookies by visiting our Cookie Policy. Essential (Technical) cookies Essential (Technical) cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function (properly) without these cookies. Statistics (analytical cookies) These cookies help us to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Marketing (Social plug-ins, third party marketing cookies, pixels) Marketing cookies are used to follow visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Reject all Accept selected