English- UnitedHealth Group Skip to content Close Menu Close Search Our People & Businesses Our People & Businesses We are a health care and well-being company made up of a diverse team around the world dedicated to making health care work better through two distinct and complementary businesses: Optum and UnitedHealthcare. Mission & Values Our People & Culture Join Our Team United for Giving Awards & Recognition United Health Foundation Our Businesses UnitedHealthcare Optum Our Leaders Corporate Governance Ethics & Compliance Our Commitment to Human Rights Careers Careers at UHG Find your next career! My Application History Work Here Career Areas Disability Inclusion Programs Military & Veteran Programs Our Culture Diversity, Equity & Inclusion​ What We Offer Our Affiliates Hiring Process & Guidance Advice Events Early Careers Programs Early Career Events Blog Driven By Our Mission Driven By Our Mission Our team members are driven to advance our mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone — both now and in the future. What We Do Value-Based Care Health Financial Services​ Health Technology​ Health Benefits Pharmacy Services​ How We Do It Sustainability Making An Impact We are committed to charting a more sustainable path forward, helping build a modern, high-performing health system to improve access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for those who depend on it. Sustainability at UHG Modern Health System Healthy Environment Our People & Culture Responsible Business Practices Reporting & Data Our Reports Download the 2022 Sustainability Report to learn what sustainability means to us. Review download options Insights, Stories & News Insights, Stories & News Explore our stories to see our mission at work, find recent news releases, and read research offering solutions for addressing health care challenges and opportunities. Our Stories Media Resources & Press Releases Insights & Research Research Library A Path Forward Featured Story Deploying technology to address America’s mental health and clinician burnout crisis Read Full Article Investor Relations Investor Relations UnitedHealth Group is dedicated to continuously improving the quality of our performance for consumers, customers, care providers and our shareholders. Investor Relations Financial & Earnings Reports Shareholder Resources Annual Meeting of Shareholders Dividend History & Stock Basis Annual Reports & Proxy Statements Investor Conference 2023 Recommended UnitedHealth Group Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Financial Results. Read Press Release Search Close Search Optum UnitedHealthcare For information on the Change Healthcare cyber response Our UnitedHealth Group Mission To help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. Learn more Recommended America’s Health Rankings 2023 Annual Report: Chronic conditions on the rise According to the America’s Health Rankings 2023 Annual Report, eight chronic conditions have reached the highest prevalence in the report’s history, including arthritis, asthma, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, chronic kidney disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, depression and diabetes. Learn more What We Do Accelerating value-based care Value-based care arrangements are designed to manage health care costs and improve the patient experience. Learn more Health Benefits Working to deliver affordable, simple experiences and high-quality access to care. Learn more Building Healthier Communities Combining our knowledge, experience and passion to improve health quality and outcomes in the communities where we live and work. Learn more Sustainability Our mission in action At UnitedHealth Group, sustainability is a foundation to fulfill our mission and deepen our societal impact by improving the health and well-being of the people we serve. Learn more UnitedHealth Group Logo Contact Us Suppliers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map United Health Foundation Careers Optum UnitedHealthcare ©2024 UnitedHealth Group. All rights reserved. Follow Us.