Willamette University | Salem & Portland Private Colleges Skip to main content Apply Visit Study Request Info Give Explore Future Students Future Students Back to menu Information for Admitted Students Why Willamette Colleges & Schools Academic Majors & Programs Campus Life Undergraduate Programs - Salem Campus Undergraduate Programs - Portland Campus Graduate School of Law Graduate School of Management (MBA) School of Computing & Information Sciences All Graduate Programs Current Students Current Students Back to menu Academic Calendar Administrative Offices Colleges & Schools Bookstore Campus Life Libraries Student Accounts Undergraduate Student Resources Law Student Affairs MBA Student Affairs Student Health Student Resources Parents & Families Parents & Families Back to menu Parent & Family Resources Parents of Prospective Students Tuition, Aid & Scholarships Academic Calendar Visit Campus Campus Safety Student Health Why Willamette Alum Alum Back to menu Alum Hub Events/Programs WU Stream Alum Awards Contact Us Update Info Community Community Back to menu Events Hallie Ford Museum of Art Arts at Willamette News Media Resources Athletics Athletics Back to menu Athletics Home Ticket Information Facilities Recruiting Athletics News Bearcat Store Performances & Exhibitions Performances & Exhibitions Back to menu Arts Calendar Music Performances Theatre Performances Hallie Ford Museum of Art Exhibits Student Art Exhibits Grace Goudy Distinguished Artists Series Theatre33 Visiting Artists Site Search Willamette University People Search the site: My Willamette Willamette UniversityTurning KnowledgeintoActionUndergraduate ProgramsGraduate Programs Willamette University: A leader among private universities in Oregon Located in the Pacific Northwest, Willamette University is known for educational excellence. Our historic campus, adjacent to the Oregon State Capitol, hosts a distinguished liberal arts college in Salem, Oregon. Our downtown Portland campus is home to the Pacific Northwest College of Art, where artists, designers, and scholars shape the creative landscape. We offer a wide range of professional graduate programs, including Oregon’s top-ranked MBA program, the Northwest’s oldest law school, as well as MA and MFA programs at PNCA and masters degrees in data science and computer science. With small class sizes, fostering in-depth conversations, guidance from notable professors, and a nurturing environment, Willamette is committed to elevating students’ aspirations and propelling their careers to the next level. Undergraduate Degrees & Programs College of Law Atkinson Graduate School of Management (MBA) Hallie Ford School of Graduate Studies in art School of Computing and Information Sciences NewsView AllFebruary 14, 2024Akilah Deernose BA’04 breaks down barriers as Executive Director of the Montana ACLUAuthor | Melanie MoyerThrough her leadership of the human rights organization, the politics major is pursuing her life’s mission: to care for others in the ways she was cared for at Willamette.Read More02-14-2024MBA for Professionals program helps Kyle Hopkins MBA’21 launch his new international role at IKEA02-15-2024R. Stranger MFA’24 combines creative writing and visual arts in their multimedia approach to art02-15-2024Fortune names Willamette on ‘Best Master’s in Data Science Programs in 2024’ list02-02-2024A trailblazer for womenBy the numbersJoin the ranks of leading scientists, CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, notable artists and change-makers throughout the world.Yearly student community service hoursStudents engaged in internshipsAcademic ProgramsStudents enrolledGovernors, senators & representativesDucks living in the MillstreamOregon Supreme Court JusticesNobel Prize winner1The BreakdownCurrent Slide2WU at a Glance 1Previous Slide◀︎ Next Slide▶︎ Willamette's Salem campus stands out as one of the foremost universities near Portland, Oregon Since 1842, Willamette University has been driving change and delivering top-tier educational opportunities. As a private university in Oregon, Willamette University delivers individualized learning experiences with accelerated programs to help you advance your educational goals. Our Salem campus is located next to the Oregon State Capitol, allowing unprecedented access to state and local government. Within our undergraduate programs, we have tailored majors and minors to help our students focus their education on their specific passions. In the heart of downtown Portland, Willamette’s Pacific Northwest College of Art provides students with a convenient location to explore their passion in one of the most vibrant art scenes and creative cities on the west coast. As one of Oregon’s private colleges, you can also expect professors that will advise you on internships, research, and career paths. Discover the advantages of pursuing your undergraduate and graduate degrees together at Willamette University, a leading graduate school in Oregon. By combining your studies, you can save valuable time while earning both degrees. Learn why Willamette University is the right choice for you. Undergraduate and Graduate Schools in Oregon Whether you’re looking to start your higher education experience or advance your career, Willamette University has a comprehensive range of academic programs. Explore our undergraduate and graduate-level programs to learn more. If you have any questions about our academic programs, reach out to request more information. Ready to take the next step with one of the top universities in Portland and Salem? Learn how to apply to Willamette University today. Learn How to Apply Request Info Apply Visit Maps & Directions About Us Willamette News Events Offices Employment Digital Accessibility Compliance Privacy Willamette University 900 State Street Salem OR 97301 503 370 6300 info@willamette.edu facebook icon instagram icon tiktok icon linkedin icon youtube icon twitter icon snapchat icon Submit Feedback©2023 Willamette University | All rights reserved