Plum Deluxe: Home of the Best Monthly Tea Subscription Service – Plum Deluxe Tea Skip to content dessert tea sale is extended through march 10! Shop Shop Tea Type Tea Type Black Tea Chai Decaf Green Teas White Tea Herbal Teas Oolong Teas Puerh Teas On Sale View All Teas Best Sellers What's New Tea by Flavor Tea by Flavor Citrus Earl Grey Floral Fruity Great Iced Great with Milk Nutty Savory Sweet Spicy Tart Tea Accessories + Teaware Tea Accessories + Teaware Tea Tins Infusers Mugs Teapots Sweets & Treats Tea Gift Sets Take The Tea Quiz Join Tea Club Learn Learn Learn About Tea Latest Articles Get Encouragement Our Community Our Community Get Social with Us Plum Deluxe Tea Calendar Free Downloads Our story Our story About Us Careers FAQ/Contact your cart account Twitter Facebook Pinterest Instagram TikTok Search Search Wishlist account Cart Shop Tea Type Black Tea Chai Decaf Green Teas White Tea Herbal Teas Oolong Teas Puerh Teas On Sale View All Teas Best Sellers What's New Tea by Flavor Citrus Earl Grey Floral Fruity Great Iced Great with Milk Nutty Savory Sweet Spicy Tart Tea Accessories + Teaware Tea Tins Infusers Mugs Teapots Sweets & Treats Tea Gift Sets Take The Tea Quiz Take The Quiz Let us help you find a new tea you'll love with our tea quiz. Start Quiz Join Tea Club Learn Learn About Tea Latest Articles Get Encouragement Our Community Get Social with Us Plum Deluxe Tea Calendar Free Downloads Our story About Us Careers FAQ/Contact Item added to your cart Checkout Continue shopping elevate every moment Slow down, sit down, reconnect with you Create that serene European cafe vibe in your own home with our hand-blended teas. DISCOVER OUR TEA spring collection ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"I have been ordering from Plum Deluxe for a couple of years now and they have spoiled me for drinking any other tea. Every blend is delicious and fresh and unique in flavor. The customer service and community is top notch. I love my Plum Deluxe!" ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Every flavor I have tried is absolutely incredible! I don't know how they come up with these amazing blends but I have never in my life enjoyed tea this much! It's my monthly splurge! Give it a try, folks, you will be hooked!" ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Plum Deluxe makes me take time for me. The process of brewing and waiting for the flavor to develop and then to sit and hold a mug in my hands and enjoy the steam in my face, the warmth in my hands and the delicious flavor is a gift every day." 1 / of 3 For when you need... To Wake Up Wake up to more than your to-do list. These handcrafted teas are... To Wake Up A Mid-day Boost Elevate your afternoons. Whether you need a boost of energy or a... A Mid-day Boost To Relax For moments when you need to press pause. Take a break from... To Relax Some Me Time Indulge in some “me time” with our thoughtful selection of teas –... Some Me Time To Build Immunity Give your body a boost with handcrafted teas that nourish your immunity... To Build Immunity 1 / of 5 Searching for a moment of calm and luxury in your busy day? Are you yearning for the luxury of escaping on holiday to a beautiful European square? Taking in the ambience, the people watching, soaking in something special just for you? Sipping on a hot cup of fresh, fragrant tea?Instead, life is full of kids, hobbies, work commitments, and a busy social calendar.While we can’t send you off to read a novel in a Parisian cafe, Plum Deluxe brings that feeling into your own home every day.Our blends are the key to creating your own ritual.Sit on the porch sipping from a steaming cup, steep your favourite blend in that early morning window before the kids wake up, soak in that moment when you get home from work, kick off your shoes and breathe.Because the world is better when we take a moment. DIVE INTO THE WORLD OF TEA Crafted to resonate with your mood and the moments you cherish Luxury that doesn't sacrifice your health Hand blended in small batches for perfectly balanced favor Natural, organic, & wildcraftedingredients from family farms we know and trust As seen in... "Wonderfully soothing." "The perfect tea for every moment." "Really good — and so pretty, too!" "Will delight any tea lover." Popular Teas View all Creme Brulee Earl Grey Black Tea burnt sugar, fragrant blossoms, teatime any time $7.00/oz $7.00/oz Add to cart Sold out Vanilla Sugar Cookie Herbal Dessert Tea sweet vanilla, fresh cardamom, warm spices, treating yourself From $7.00/oz $28.00 From $7.00/oz Select one1 Oz ($7)4 Oz ($24) Add to cart Sold out Sale Peach Bellini Herbal Tea sweet fruits, champagne, toasting your friends $7.00/oz $7.00/oz Add to cart Sold out The Self Care Blend (Elderberry - Apricot) tart berry, sweet apricot, recovering from the day From $7.00/oz $28.00 From $7.00/oz Select one1 Oz ($7)4 Oz ($24) Add to cart Sold out Sale Buttery Shortbread Herbal Tea creamy butter, sweet vanilla, contemplating the good things $7.00/oz $7.00/oz Add to cart Sold out 1 / of 5 ﻿ take our tea quiz Discover Your Perfect Cup Say goodbye to guesswork and brew with confidence! Our personalized Tea Quiz saves you time and finds teas you’ll truly love in less than 1 minute. take the quiz And now for something a little sweeter Explore lemonades, sugars, and more It's what's on the inside that counts But you need to put your tea in something elevate your daily rituals Tea of the Month Club Discover, Savor, Repeatwith our monthly tea subscription.Exclusive blends delivered every month. join the club Sip the Promise of Renewal These spring blends are made with fresh, all-natural ingredients, from sun-ripened fruit to blooming botanicals. Shop Spring Teas Drink Dessert First We've extended Dessert Month, with limited-edition teas and quantity discounts sure to please. Sip Sweet About Us Our Story Our Community Careers Wholesale Contact Customer Support FAQ Satisfaction Guarantee Returns Policy Terms and Conditions My Account Your Cart Store Locator Learn About Tea How to Brew Tea How to Make Iced Tea Take Our Tea Quiz Follow us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Instagram TikTok © 2024, Plum Deluxe Tea Terms of use Privacy Policy Sipsby Tea Alternative Made with ❤️ in Oregon Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Add to Wishlist 0 What's Your Email? Add to Wishlist Product has been added to your wishlist You can view your wishlist by creating account or logging-in an existing account. Please create account/login through {{ customer_email }} email Login Register 0