teranex weblog teranex weblog Hello. Hi, I'm Jeroen. I work as an Open Source Consultant at Inuits. You can find me on Twitter, Github, Facebook and LinkedIn. When I'm not taking care of my family, I mostly live in Vim and Firefox on Linux. I love music, especially Jazz, Star Trek and a good book on my Kindle. I'm active at our local Groen group. I'm vegetarian and enjoy a good dram of Whisky in combination with Boardgames. Latest blog posts budts.be v5: Pelican It's been 5 years since I wrote my last blogpost. Until today. The past years my interest in blogging declined. Combined with the regular burden of Drupal security updates, I seriously considered to simply scrap everything and replace the website with a simple one-pager. … Vim: checking PHP code (and Python and...) Do you hate it as much as I do when you are writing some PHP (or Python or whatever) code in your favorite editor, hit 'save', reload the page in the browser in the hopes that you will see the new most awesome feature you ever wrote, but instead you are greeted by an … Belgian Vim user group for meetups A while ago, after reading about some of the meetups organized by VimBerlin and VimLondon, I started wondering if there would be any interest in a similar group for Belgium / Antwerp. Today I asked the question on Twitter and I'd like to ask it here again: Would there be any … SSH authentication with your PGP key A few weeks ago I learned that a few of my colleagues were using PGP. I myself started using PGP around 2003, using the GnuPG implementation. However, since I didn't know many people who used it my usage slowly faded after a few years. In 2009 I shortly picked it up again by … How I upgraded Budts.be to Drupal7. Part2 This is the second part of a series on how I upgraded my website from Drupal 6 to Drupal 7. The sources for my website are freely available on my github account. Introduction: the site and what I wanted with the upgrade Automation with scripts, drush and drush make Installing … Read more blog posts home weblog archive tags about rss find me on: twitter github linkedin © 2002 - 2018 Jeroen Budts CC BY-SA 4.0