Daily Meal | Cooking Tips, Restaurants, Food Reviews, Recipes × News Exclusives Recipes Kitchen Culture Entertainment Facts Grocery Restaurants Holidays Features About Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 Static Media. All Rights Reserved News Exclusives Recipes Kitchen Culture Entertainment Facts Grocery Restaurants Holidays Features The Classic Reuben Sandwich Was Named After A Real Person Culture The Classic Reuben Sandwich Was Named After A Real Person Erin Metz If you know it, you likely love it. Made of corned beef, Thousand Island dressing, and sauerkraut, the classic Reuben sandwich was named after a real person. Read More Kitchen Don't Want To Stand Over The Stove? Make Grilled Cheese In The Toaster Oven Stacie Adams If you don't feel like laboring over a hot stove as you fry your grilled cheese sandwich, there's a more convenient method that involves your toaster oven. Read More Kitchen Here's How Long Your Tofu Should Last After Opening Julia Mullaney Tofu won't last forever, and after a certain amount of time, it will begin to show signs that it is no longer safe to eat. Here's what you need to know. Read More Entertainment Martha Stewart's Tip For Perfectly Cubing Your Salmon Filet Stacie Adams If you want to cut your salmon filet into small cubes, you may experience some trouble with keeping the fish firm. Luckily, Martha Stewart has a clever tip. Read More Kitchen Upgrade Your Next Breakfast With TikTok's Pesto Egg-In-A-Hole Stacie Adams When breakfast is quickly approaching and you're tired of the same old morning meal, give it a major upgrade with the pesto egg-in-a-hole from TikTok. Read More Kitchen Give Wine A Rest And Try Pairing Goat Cheese With A Cold Beer Camryn Teder Hops enthusiasts will be pleasantly surprised to know that this tangy white cheese doesn't just pair nicely with wine, it also goes well with cold beer. Read More Restaurants 10 False Facts About McDonald's Chicken McNuggets You Probably Thought Were True Jay Wilson You know what you're getting when you order McDonald's Chicken McNuggets, or do you? We're here to dispel the biggest McNugget myths you may have believed. Read More Facts The Bag Hack For Effortlessly Deboning A Rotisserie Chicken Elaina Friedman There's nothing like picking up a warm rotisserie chicken made by someone else, but it can be difficult to carve. Thankfully, there's an easy deboning hack. Read More Kitchen Almond Extract Is The Key Ingredient For Upgraded Vanilla Cakes S. Ferrari Almond extract has a nutty, slightly fruity sweetness that, when used with or instead of delicate floral vanilla, provides a balancing effect in vanilla cakes. Read More Kitchen Give Your Red Sauce A Tangy Flavor Boost With Sun-Dried Tomatoes S. Ferrari Sun-dried tomatoes have a super concentrated, sweet, tart, and umami flavor that adds a major punch to red sauce with minimal effort. Read More Kitchen Rachael Ray's Clever Trick For Making Cannelloni In A Pinch Jessica Fleming-Montoya Craving stuffed pasta but don't have cannelloni noodles at home? Use Rachael Ray's trick for rolled and filled pasta without the hassle (or mess). Read More Kitchen 14 Things You Should Be Making In Your Panini Press, Aside From The Obvious Jay Wilson A fresh-grilled panini makes an excellent breakfast, but there are plenty of other uses for that panini press. Here are some things you should try making in it! Read More Kitchen Don't Sleep On Green Tomatoes For A Flavor-Packed Salsa Camryn Teder Why wait for your green tomatoes to ripen into the sweeter, red version? Explore the intense flavor of unripened tomatoes and how exactly to use them. Read More Kitchen Anise Is The Perfect Coffee Addition For Licorice Lovers Allison Lindsey If you're a lover of licorice and a craver of coffee, then you're going to want to know all about how anise elevates the bean-based beverage. Read More Kitchen Swap Bacon With Sausage In Your Jalapeño Poppers For A Whole New Vibe Crystal Antonace Wrapping jalapeño poppers in bacon is one way to elevate the fiery snack. But have you ever considered switching bacon for sausage to give a whole new twist? Read More Kitchen Shake Up Your Usual Scalloped Potatoes With A Delicious Tomato Swap Jessica Fleming-Montoya It's not creamy like scalloped potatoes, but by switching out tubers for scalloped tomatoes you'll have a delicious side for any family gathering. Read More News March Aldi Finds For The Sweetest Easter Ever Alli Neal Aldi fans love coming across the center of the store's Aldi Finds. Celebrate all things spring with March Aldi Finds for the sweetest Easter ever. Read More Culture What Are Fasnacht Donuts And What Makes Them Special? Dawn Hammon Fasnachts stand apart from other donuts. Here's what to know about their centuries-old backstory -- and why most people only eat them once per year. Read More Culture The Sweet But Unconfirmed Story Of How The Tootsie Roll Got Its Name Arianna Endicott Tootsie Rolls are a familiar candy that have been around for a long time. But the sweet story about how they got the name may not be accurate. Read More Facts Manhattan Clam Chowder Is A Dairy-Free Version Of The Classic Allie Ward If you're a fan of chowder, you know there are a handful of types to try. Manhattan clam chowder is a dairy-free version of the classic New England variety. Read More Kitchen How Long Do Pickled Ramps Last In The Refrigerator? Allison Lindsey The very idea of pickling is to make a food item last longer that it would fresh. But nothing lasts forever, so how long will your pickled ramps stay good? Read More Kitchen Fry Your Leftover Pieces Of Lasagna To Reinvent The Classic Dish Noor Anand Chawla A casserole dish half-full of leftover lasagna no longer has to spend days in your fridge. You can transform those leftovers in to a delicious fried dish. Read More Grocery March Aldi Finds For Celebrating St. Patrick's Day Your Way Kuamel Stewart St. Patrick's Day is coming soon, and if you're planning to celebrate with food (and why wouldn't you?), then check out these new Aldi Finds. Read More Culture The Immigrant Origins Of Classic Italian Rainbow Cookies Matthew Wilson Rainbow cookies can be found in most any Italian bakery and while they weren't created in Italy, they do have an origin with Italian immigrants. Read More Kitchen What Exactly Defines A French Door Refrigerator? Dawn Hammon French door refrigerators are especially popular right now, but what makes their design unique? Here's why many consumers see them as more efficient. Read More Facts The Bike Pump Hack For Opening A Bottle Of Wine In A Pinch Greta Pano If you ever find yourself at home without a corkscrew to open a bottle of wine, you may be able to use a bike pump to get the job done quickly. Read More Culture General Tso's Chicken Isn't Something You'll Find In China C.A. Pinkham Walk into any Chinese restaurant in American and you're sure to find General Tso's chicken on the menu. But you won't find it on any menus in China! Read More Kitchen You Just Need A Coffee Grinder For Delicious Homemade Vanilla Powder S. Ferrari Vanilla powder can be a baker's secret weapon. What's more, you don't have to special order it -- you can make your own with nothing more than a coffee grinder. Read More Next >Skip » About • Privacy Policy © 2024 Static Media® / TheDailyMeal.com / All Rights Reserved Other Static Media Sites: Chowhound|Explore|Foodie|Food Republic|Glam|Grunge|Health Digest|House Digest|Islands|Looper|Mashed|Money Digest|Nicki Swift|Outdoor Guide|SlashFilm|SlashGear|SVG|Tasting Table|The List|Women|Wrestling Inc.