Google Earth Engine Platform overview code editor documentation Datasets Noncommercial Commercial Timelapse Case Studies FAQ Get started Earth Engine for commercial use: now generally available with Google Cloud. Get more details here A planetary-scale platform for Earth science data & analysis Powered by Google's cloud infrastructure watch video Meet Earth Engine Google Earth Engine combines a multi-petabyte catalog of satellite imagery and geospatial datasets with planetary-scale analysis capabilities. Scientists, researchers, and developers use Earth Engine to detect changes, map trends, and quantify differences on the Earth's surface. Earth Engine is now available for commercial use, and remains free for academic and research use. satellite imagery + your algorithms + real world applications learn more Our planet is changing See our impact on the Earth from a new perspective through 37 years of satellite imagery in Timelapse in Google Earth. Timelapse is one example of how Earth Engine can help gain insight into petabyte-scale datasets. Explore Timelapse Ready-to-use datasets The public data archive includes more than thirty years of historical imagery and scientific datasets, updated and expanded daily. It contains over eighty petabytes of geospatial data instantly available for analysis. explore datasets Simple, yet powerful API The Earth Engine API is available in Python and JavaScript, making it easy to harness the power of Google’s cloud for your own geospatial analysis. explore the API Google Earth Engine has made it possible for the first time in history to rapidly and accurately process vast amounts of satellite imagery, identifying where and when tree cover change has occurred at high resolution. Global Forest Watch would not exist without it. For those who care about the future of the planet Google Earth Engine is a great blessing! -Dr. Andrew Steer, President and CEO of the World Resources Institute. Convenient tools Use our web-based code editor for fast, interactive algorithm development with instant access to petabytes of data. learn about the code editor Scientific and humanitarian impact Scientists and non-profits use Earth Engine for remote sensing research, predicting disease outbreaks, natural resource management, and more. see case studies Ready to be part of the solution? sign up now Terms of Service Privacy About Google Platform Datasets Noncommercial Commercial Timelapse Case Studies FAQ Get started code editor documentation Terms of Service Privacy About Google