MED-EL | Cochlear Implants for Hearing Loss English - International About MED-EL | Press Room | Clinic Finder | Contact Now | For Professionals × Search Select Your Region or Country Want to visit the MED-EL site for your local area? Simply select your region and country below, or click to stay on the international site. Visit International Site Remember my country. Region Country Visit Local Site Not all products, features, or indications shown are available in all areas. About Hearing How Hearing Works Types of Hearing Loss The Audiogram Hearing Evaluation Online Hearing Tests Hearing Solutions Cochlear Implants Individualized Cochlear Implants Electric Acoustic Stimulation Middle Ear Implant Bone Conduction Implant Bone Conduction System Accessories Reliability Support Product Support Frequently Asked Questions Rehabilitation Community About MED-EL Press Room Clinic Finder Contact Now For Professionals English - International Search Toggle navigation About Hearing Hearing Solutions Support Community Order Your FreeInformation PackageRequest NowRequest Now× Cochlear Implants SYNCHRONY CI System Cochlear implants can help restore hearing for individuals with severe-to-profound sensorineural hearing loss. Find out how cochlear implants can help you or your child enjoy the wonders of hearing. Discover More Middle Ear Implants VIBRANT SOUNDBRIDGE System VIBRANT SOUNDBRIDGE can provide natural sound quality for individuals with conductive, mixed, or moderate sensorineural hearing loss. Find out how SOUNDBRIDGE could make a difference in your life. Discover More Electric Acoustic Stimulation SYNCHRONY EAS System Electric Acoustic Stimulation combines two technologies to provide the best hearing for individuals with high-frequency hearing loss. Find out how you can make the most of your natural hearing with EAS. Discover More Bone Conduction Implants BONEBRIDGE System Bone conduction implants can bring hearing to individuals with conductive or mixed hearing loss, or single-sided deafness. Find out how BONEBRIDGE can help you to enjoy hearing again. Discover More Bone Conduction Systems ADHEAR ADHEAR is a revolutionary new bone conduction device for people with conductive hearing loss. Find out how you can try out this innovative technology for yourself. Discover More Which Hearing Solution Could Help Me?Find out more about your type of hearing loss, and see which of our hearing solutions may be right for you.Discover More Why Choose MED-EL Learn about people’s experiences with their MED-EL hearing solution. From parents to seniors, cochlear implants to bone conduction systems, our stories from around the world show what life is like with a hearing solution. Discover More Reliable Cochlear Implants by Design From MED-EL It’s not by chance that MED-EL provides safe and reliable CIs. It’s by design. Find out why we lead in cochlear implant reliability. Discover More Sound Sensation:The MED-EL Music Festival Celebrate music and hearing implants with us! Sound Sensation is a free, online music festival for and starring hearing implant recipients. Available to stream on-demand wherever you are. Watch It Now What Does a Cochlear Implant Sound Like? By designing our CIs to follow nature, our technology offers the closest to natural hearing. Discover More AudioStream. Simply Slide, Then Stream. Directly streaming music and phone calls to your SONNET or SONNET 2 audio processor is easy with AudioStream! Just slide AudioStream over your audio processor, then enjoy direct wireless streaming from your smartphone or tablet. Discover More RONDO 3. Simply Incredible. Incredibly Simple. With wireless streaming, wireless charging, and superior hearing performance, RONDO 3 makes hearing easy every day. Discover More SONNET 2. Made For You. Don’t fit your life around an audio processor—choose a processor that fits your life! Discover how the new SONNET 2 is made for you. Discover More What Is Music Like With a Cochlear Implant? We bring you closest to natural hearing so you can experience the widest range of sound naturally for better music enjoyment. Discover More Latest MED-EL Blog Posts Read Blog Post Support Not sure how to change the microphone cover, or connect to your phone? See our support pages for detailed information about your audio processor. Get Support Community Facebook, Twitter or Hearpeers—connect with other MED-EL users online, and share your hearing journey with the world. Join the Community Start Your Career at MED-EL Help people hear life with a job at MED-EL. We’re looking for talented people to join our mission. Explore Jobs Info for RadiologistsRadiologists can find all the information they'll need here in our medical procedures guide.Discover More About MED-EL We’re the world’s leading hearing implant company, on a mission to help people with hearing loss experience the joy of sound. Find your local MED-EL team Our ProductsAudio ProcessorsRONDO 3SONNET 2SAMBA 2ADHEAR Hearing ImplantsSYNCHRONY 2 cochlear implantBONEBRIDGEVIBRANT SOUNDBRIDGEConnectivity optionsProduct supportImportant safety informationComplianceMRI information for radiologists Common Hearing Loss QuestionsDo I have hearing loss?What are the types of hearing loss?How does a cochlear implant work?What are the steps to a cochlear implant?What does my audiogram mean?How does bone conduction work?Popular Topics Right NowWhat does a cochlear implant sound like?Can I enjoy music with a cochlear implant?MRIs and cochlear implantsProduct reliability dataOur NetworkNeurorehabilitation by STIWELLAUDIOVERSUM science centerHearpeers communityGet In TouchCareer opportunitiesContact us Search © 2023 MED-EL Medical Electronics. All rights reserved. Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Cookie Settings The content on this website is for general informational purposes only and should not be taken as medical advice. Please contact your doctor or hearing specialist to learn what type of hearing solution is suitable for your specific needs. Not all products, features, or indications shown are approved in all countries.This "International - English" website is for visitors for which no country-specific website exists. Please visit the website for your specific country if available here. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration, or usage in the country of your origin. Unavailable in Current Language This page is currently unavailable for your chosen language or country. If you would like to view this page anyway, simply select the button below and we will take you to this content in another language. Take Me to Content