Daily Maverick - South African news, opinion and investigations Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Investigations Scorpio Our Burning Planet Amabhungane Declassified UK News & Analysis Business Maverick Maverick Citizen Sport Newsdeck Maverick News Features Opinionistas Maverick Life TGIFood Covid-19 Podcasts Webinars Zapiro Op-Eds Newsletters Newspaper E-Edition Subscribe Delivery queries The Gathering Search GO DM is much better if you are signed in...Enter your email below and we will send you a mail with a link or one-time pin to loginSend email to loginA code has been sent to .... Please check your email and enter your one time pin below: Didn't get the code? Resend email Open in GmailIt looks like we don’t have an account for this.Would you like us to create an account for you?Create a new accountSign in with passwordLogin with a passwordorContinue with FacebookContinue with GoogleRemember MeForgot Password?Use a One Time Pin? GET SUPPORT DM SHOP SUPPORT DM Shop SUPPORT DM Login Defend Truth MISSING CHILD ‘Terrible and inhumane’ — fake news in continued search for Joslin Smith condemned Vincent Cruywagen Save 4 mins AMABHUNGANE Sasfin’s existential can of worms and the risk to other banks Dewald van Rensburg ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS Showdown looms over ANC’s poll lists after Chief Justice Zondo enters the fray Ferial Haffajee GROUNDUP Anti-vaxxers feel sharp end of needle as critical vaccination case dismissed with costs Tania Broughton Adverts on/off? You choose. ‘SPORTSMANSHIP’ RULING Friendless in Fancourt — Billionaire Hasso Plattner ordered to reinstate three terminated golf course memberships Marianne Thamm Save 5 mins HEALTH EMERGENCY OP-ED WHO talks on pandemic preparedness on brink of legitimising inequity KM Gopakumar Save 9 mins Maverick Citizen Unfulfilled Manifestations 2Lani and UBUNTOONS Save < 1 min Sponsored Content The company of the future’s secret weapon is the digital CFO Sage Save 4 mins THE CONVERSATION Human geography study shows how to fix apartheid legacy in SA universities Gijsbert Hoogendoorn, Daniel Hammett and Mukovhe Masutha Save 5 mins THE CONVERSATION Not so fast! Watch out for these psychological techniques used by scammers — and how to protect yourself Mike Johnstone and Georgia Psaroulis Save 5 mins HELL AFFAIRS Endless nightmare for ‘stateless’ mother after Home Affairs ID crackdown puts her life in limbo Lerato Mutsila Save 5 mins Sponsored Content Putting a price on global shipping emissions can be a game-changer for South Africa Enviromer Save 5 mins TOP READS ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS Showdown looms over ANC’s poll lists after Chief Justice Zondo enters the fray ORGANISED CRIME Cowboys and Crooks – Violent mafias are holding Richards Bay industry to ransom DIRTY AIR What it’s like to live in the most polluted place on earth, the Vaal Triangle AMABHUNGANE Sasfin’s existential can of worms and the risk to other banks DRUG DONS (PART ONE) SA's Narcos Capture – the Mandrax trafficker and 'wanted terrorist' matrix haunting the ANC, Zuma, Guptas ‘SPORTSMANSHIP’ RULING Friendless in Fancourt — Billionaire Hasso Plattner ordered to reinstate three terminated golf course memberships ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS INTERVIEW Party should never have put Zuma’s interests above its own, says ANC elections head EXECUTIVE ORDER US imposes new sanctions on Zimbabwe leaders for ‘human rights abuse’ Peter Fabricius THE CONVERSATION Mounting research shows that Covid-19 leaves its mark on the brain, including with significant drops in IQ scores Ziyad Al-Aly ANALYSIS Manifestly uncaring about manifestos — in SA’s political space, personalities and negativity dominate Stephen Grootes ISS TODAY OP-ED Cameroon’s Douala port keeps organised crime afloat through massive access to illicit global markets Julia Stanyard and Eleanor Beevor SAPS IN CRISIS Cape Town cops arrested for Mandrax smuggling and abalone hijacking worth R500,000 Caryn Dolley ORGANISED CRIME Cowboys and Crooks – Violent mafias are holding Richards Bay industry to ransom Greg Ardé Save 8 mins OPINIONISTA Helping people off the streets and into safe spaces — insights from Cape Town Geordin Hill-Lewis Save 6 mins DIRTY AIR What it’s like to live in the most polluted place on earth, the Vaal Triangle Bloomberg Save 7 mins ELECTRICITY FAILURE ‘Misty conditions’ and a ‘burning tyre’ take out power in Nelson Mandela Bay Estelle Ellis Save 5 mins Adverts on/off? You choose. ISRAEL-PALESTINE WAR MIDDLE EAST CRISIS Hamas arrives in Cairo for Gaza ceasefire talks, US says deal ‘on the table’ MIDDLE EAST CRISIS Peter Hain says it’s time to go beyond two-state solution while UK mulls ‘day after’ plans PARLIAMENT SA uses diplomacy to garner support for its ICJ genocide case against Israel, says Pandor MIDDLE EAST CRISIS UPDATE: 5 MARCH 2024 UN finds evidence of Hamas sexual violence during October 7 attack; ceasefire talks bogged down MINI CROSSWORDS Daily Crossword Quickie – Tues, 5 Mar Daily Maverick ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS Coalitions, seismic provincial politics will shape Ramaphosa’s post-2024 term, analyst tells Press Club Marianne Merten GROUNDUP SAPS and Public Works called to Parliament over Telkom Towers debacle Matthew Hirsch ECOSYSTEM DAMAGE CONTROL Efforts to replace plastic water sachets in running races gather pace Julia Evans OPINIONISTA Distrust across South African society will determine our future in this year’s election Ismail Lagardien HOT BEANS What’s cooking today: Mexican-style breakfast eggs bake Tony Jackman Adverts on/off? You choose. BUSINESS REFLECTION After the Bell: Setting the scene — the Competition Commission and the media inquiry Tim Cohen Save 6 mins LOADED. FOR BEAR Amcu jolted the ANC’s union ally in the mines, but its new Labour Party will likely struggle at the polls Ed Stoddard Save 5 mins WAR IN EUROPE AD 2024 as 1938 – Why a Russian victory would be bad for most Africans Greg Mills and Ray Hartley Save 10 mins ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS INTERVIEW Party should never have put Zuma’s interests above its own, says ANC elections head Chris Makhaye Save 6 mins NOT A CLASS ACT Theft, fraud, extortion – Corruption watchdog red-flags abuse of schools by governing bodies Msindisi Fengu Save 5 mins MIDDLE EAST CRISIS UPDATE: 5 MARCH 2024 UN finds evidence of Hamas sexual violence during October 7 attack; ceasefire talks bogged down Bloomberg Save 5 mins DRUG DONS (PART ONE) SA’s Narcos Capture – the Mandrax trafficker and ‘wanted terrorist’ matrix haunting the ANC, Zuma, Guptas Caryn Dolley Save 8 mins STATE OF THE GAME Adaptability, confidence and simple joy leave South African rugby in rude health Craig Ray Save 6 mins Adverts on/off? You choose. BUSINESS MAVERICK ORGANISED CRIME Cowboys and Crooks – Violent mafias are holding Richards Bay industry to ransom AMABHUNGANE Sasfin’s existential can of worms and the risk to other banks BUSINESS REFLECTION After the Bell: Shock findings (not) — Eskom’s management structure is a mess ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION Reviving Mpumalanga rivers — tiny fish return to waters left lifeless by illegal mining PHANTOM SHARES The Finance Ghost: The market lowdown on Motus, Super Group, big banks, CA Sales and Spur MAVERICK CITIZEN NOT A CLASS ACT Theft, fraud, extortion – Corruption watchdog red-flags abuse of schools by governing bodies ELECTRICITY FAILURE ‘Misty conditions’ and a ‘burning tyre’ take out power in Nelson Mandela Bay QUESTION MARKS Unisa set to finally act against more than 1,500 students charged with exam cheating FEES SAGA NSFAS reveals it paid varsities R2.8bn up front for student registrations HELL AFFAIRS Endless nightmare for ‘stateless’ mother after Home Affairs ID crackdown puts her life in limbo OUR BURNING PLANET DIRTY AIR What it’s like to live in the most polluted place on earth, the Vaal Triangle ENVIRONMENTAL REHABILITATION Reviving Mpumalanga rivers — tiny fish return to waters left lifeless by illegal mining PHOTO GALLERY Depths of despair — winning images capture the vanishing mystery of the deep sea ALIEN INVASION Winning the war against the aggressive water hyacinth – A Cape Town community’s tireless effort UNDER SCRUTINY ‘Dysfunctional and too complex’ — Independent Eskom assessment makes damning load shedding findings MAVERICK LIFE IN PICTURES 2024 Sony World Photography Awards: Student and Youth photography shortlist THE CONVERSATION I want to eat healthily. So why do I crave sugar, salt and carbs? ESCAPE Hondeklip Bay — essential travels to historic seaside village on southern tip of Diamond Coast THEATRE Control Alt Delete — ‘Expelled’ is the hilarious antidote to social media you didn’t know you needed ESCAPE Seweweekspoort — the majestic pass that winds its way into the traveller’s heart zapiro All sound and fury Undead Air Stranded Mind the gap Good riddance OPINIONISTA Ethiopia on the edge — can Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed pull back from the abyss? Abdi Ismail Samatar Save 5 mins STATE OF HEALTHCARE Vulnerable populations laughed at, judged and denied services in SA public health facilities, says Ritshidze report Takudzwa Pongweni Save 7 mins WHAT WE’RE WATCHING Dune: Part Two offers a masterful balance of razzle-dazzle and thoughtfully conceived narrative Noelle Adams Save 4 mins EXPLAINER Cape Town cracks down on construction mafias, but violence and extortion persist Velani Ludidi Save 5 mins TECH VS NEWS MEDIA Competition Commission calls out X/Twitter for refusal to participate in media and digital platforms inquiry Georgina Crouth Save 6 mins A MESSAGE FROM THE FUTURE Imagining the impossible — a government of national unity in the US J Brooks Spector Save 13 mins CORPORATE CORNER SA Company Results: The Latest Daily Maverick Save 54 mins FEES SAGA NSFAS reveals it paid varsities R2.8bn up front for student registrations Msindisi Fengu Save 4 mins Adverts on/off? You choose. SCORPIO SCORPIO Gold Leaf Tobacco: SARS claims billions from Sasfin in Rudland money laundering debacle SCORPIO High court seals NPA’s R500m Optimum Coal forfeiture settlement deal PAY BACK THE MONEY! Liquidators go after ANC and Regiments Capital owners to recover R50m ‘disguised donation’ SCORPIO NPA strikes forfeiture deal to end Gupta-linked Optimum Coal wars SCORPIO NPA Directorate firmly in pursuit of Gupta kingpin Salim Essa and ex-McKinsey partner Vikas Sagar AMABHUNGANE Business Maverick Sasfin’s existential can of worms and the risk to other banks Maverick News SA Revenue Service blocks access to Zuma’s tax records, again Maverick News Gupta-linked Optimum mine deal shows just how weak the NPA is Business Maverick Steinhoff’s dogged battle to keep its secrets Maverick News Who is behind the Tongaat Hulett bid battle? MAVERICK NEWS GLOBAL ORGANISED CRIME Nigerian cops trace kingpins to South Africa after cocaine, pistols and ‘military items’ smuggled from Durban ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS Showdown looms over ANC’s poll lists after Chief Justice Zondo enters the fray AGE OF THE ASSASSIN Seven arrested, including alleged ‘mastermind’, for murder of rapper AKA – Police Minister Cele ANALYSIS From Zuma to Tom Moyane’s nephew, the MK party is awash with controversy SAPS IN CRISIS ‘Not fit for any person to work in’ – unsafe police headquarters in Pretoria shut Opinion OPINIONISTA SAA continues to nosedive while Gordhan delays take-off of long-awaited Takatso deal OPINIONISTA The conundrum of a growing city in a poorly managed fire-dependent Cape biome OPINIONISTA Raiding the Reserve – watershed moments of SA’s economic decline OPINIONISTA Treasury must come clean on how much taxpayers spend on BEE premiums OPINIONISTA Zuma’s MK party: Just noise or will it really make a big impact? africa EXECUTIVE ORDER US imposes new sanctions on Zimbabwe leaders for ‘human rights abuse’ ISS TODAY OP-ED Gun-running hub – Northern Cameroon is losing the battle against trafficking BUSINESS REFLECTION Loaded for Bear: Rural Africans endure dangerous wildlife relocations folks up north wouldn’t tolerate ISS TODAY OP-ED Chad’s election dice are loaded as the transition deadline looms AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS Haller seals Ivory Coast relief after scoring Afcon winner op-eds ROAD TO 2024 ELECTIONS Dramatic decline in electoral support of ANC clear from new national poll ISS TODAY OP-ED SA’s deployment of new Crime Prevention Wardens may be against constitution and even illegal ISS TODAY OP-ED ICJ’s Gaza genocide case — a big win, but with what effect? ISS TODAY OP-ED Morocco outmanoeuvres SA at UNHRC to snatch presidency — a potential warning for Pretoria TRANSFORMATION OP-ED All-white, all-male legal teams are wrong on so many levels Sports ‘SPORTSMANSHIP’ RULING Friendless in Fancourt — Billionaire Hasso Plattner ordered to reinstate three terminated golf course memberships IN THE DRINK SA water polo coaches describe ‘absolute disaster’ as goals and dreams drown in clashes with swimming chiefs STATE OF THE GAME Adaptability, confidence and simple joy leave South African rugby in rude health KIWI COLLABORATION Full Springbok and All Black tours set to resume by 2026 after positive talks FIGHTING TORQUE ‘This is not sustainable’ — F1’s long season has unhappy drivers sputtering TGIFOOD THE CONVERSATION I want to eat healthily. So why do I crave sugar, salt and carbs? UMHLANGA, PLATED Sunsets, mermaids and ‘Durbanism’ crest the Umhlanga wave AIRFRYDAY What’s cooking today: Roast beef dinner in 90 minutes THRIFTY COOKING What’s cooking today: Roasted tomato lasagne BREAKFAST SPUDS Lekker Brekker Monday: Potato fritters tongue in cheek LEFT FIELD MK is here — and it’s going to be a moerse party… heh heh TONGUE IN CHEEK Dead men talking — the politicians digging for votes from the graves of long-dead heroes LEFT FIELD Madly in love — Valentine’s hugs and kisses from the hearts of kleptocrats to you, lovely fools Judiciary in CRISIS JUDICIARY IN CRISIS ANALYSIS John Hlophe — the Judge President who fought the law; decades later, the law won JUDICIARY IN CRISIS The rise and (slow) fall of John Hlophe, the judge who almost took the judiciary down with him JUDICIARY IN CRISIS On a mission from his God – Chief Justice Mogoeng’s message to South Africa: ‘We are bewitched’ MAVERICK INTERVIEW From Zuma parole ruling to horse-trading and backing Mkhize — KZN ANC leader Siboniso Duma reveals all WATCH Fact-Check – Did a top State Security official accuse SA judges of corruption? Help keep DM free so our work has more impactR75R100R125R150R175R200R225R250R275R300R325R350+/ monthSelect the amount you would like to contributeEnter your own amountSign UpMEMBERSHIP BENEFITS*Ad-free browsing.*10% always-on discount at the DM Shop.*Free access to DM168 newspaper e-edition.*50% off tickets to all DM events.*Comment on articlesBecome an InsiderReceive a R100 UBER Ride AND R100 UBER Eats promo code every month.R200 / monthR200 pmR150 pmR75 pmOwn AmountSign Up CROSSWORDS Crosswords Daily Crossword Quickie – Wed, 28 Feb Crosswords Daily Crossword Quickie – Tues, 27 Feb Crosswords Daily Crossword Quickie – Fri, 1 Mar Crosswords Daily Crossword Quickie – Thurs, 29 Feb Crosswords Daily Crossword Quickie – Mon, 4 Mar WEBINARS Maverick News Small businesses a viable path to youth employment but equity obstacles need to be addressed South Africa Johnny Clegg’s life is the story of a true scatterling of Africa South Africa SA can no longer be held to ransom by ANC factional politics, says new book by country’s top thinkers Maverick News SA still in early stages of democracy and needs stronger party opposition, says Moeletsi Mbeki South Africa Steve Biko and Mamphela Ramphele: Falling in love while dreaming of a life of racial liberation LOOK & LISTEN DM168 Sex, drugs and rotten trolls: Celebrity gossipers send digital standards down the tubes South Africa Johnny Clegg’s life is the story of a true scatterling of Africa Maverick Life The fantastic Karroo Theatrical Hotel… oh, the Follies! Maverick Life Our World in Pictures: Week 49 of 2021 South Africa Steve Biko and Mamphela Ramphele: Falling in love while dreaming of a life of racial liberation Investigations Scorpio Our Burning Planet amaBhungane Maverick Citizen Declassified UK Contact Us Investigations Scorpio Our Burning Planet amaBhungane Maverick Citizen Declassified UK Contact Us News & Analysis Business Maverick Maverick Citizen Maverick Sports Newsdeck Contact Us News & Analysis Business Maverick Maverick Citizen Maverick Sports Newsdeck Contact Us Features Opinionista Maverick Life TGIFood COVID-19 Podcasts Zapiro Op-Eds Features Opinionista Maverick Life TGIFood COVID-19 Podcasts Zapiro Op-Eds Newsletters First Thing Business Maverick Judith’s Prudence SME Life & Books TGIFood Zapiro Sports Advertise with us Sales Deck Newsletters First Thing Business Maverick Judith’s Prudence SME Life & Books TGIFood Zapiro Sports Advertise with us Sales Deck Community About us Membership Events & Webinars Follow us on X Follow us on facebook Announcements Jobs Buy Books & Swag DM’s 10 Year Story Help Centre Contact us Community About us Membership Events & Webinars Announcements Jobs Buy Books & Swag DM’s 10 Year Story Help Centre Contact us DM168 E-Edition Subscribe Delivery queries DM168 E-Edition Subscribe Delivery queries Daily Maverick © All rights reserved We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescription__cfduid1 monthThe cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFlare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information._GRECAPTCHA5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by Google. In addition to certain standard Google cookies, reCAPTCHA sets a necessary cookie (_GRECAPTCHA) when executed for the purpose of providing its risk analysis.cid1 yearThis is an important cookie in making credit card transaction on the website. It allows the online transaction without storing the credit card information.This service is provided by Stripe.com.connect.sid1 monthThis cookie is used for authentication and for secure log-in. It registers the log-in information.cookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearSet by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".CookieLawInfoConsent1 yearRecords the default button state of the corresponding category & the status of CCPA. It works only in coordination with the primary cookie.elementorneverThis cookie is used by the website's WordPress theme. It allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time.JSESSIONIDsessionUsed by sites written in JSP. General purpose platform session cookies that are used to maintain users' state across page requests.PHPSESSIDsessionThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. CookieDurationDescription__atuvc1 year 1 monthThis cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated.__atuvs30 minutesThis cookie is set by Addthis to make sure you see the updated count if you share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated.__cf_bm30 minutesThis cookie is set by CloudFlare. The cookie is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.__pvi1 dayThis cookie is used for the implementation of the news content from other sites.bcookie2 yearsThis cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.lidc1 dayThis cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. CookieDurationDescriptiond3 monthsThis cookie tracks anonymous information on how visitors use the website. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. CookieDurationDescription__gads1 year 24 daysThis cookie is set by Google and stored under the name dounleclick.com. This cookie is used to track how many times users see a particular advert which helps in measuring the success of the campaign and calculate the revenue generated by the campaign. These cookies can only be read from the domain that it is set on so it will not track any data while browsing through another sites._ga2 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._ga_Y7XD5FHQVG2 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics._gat_UA-10686674-11 minuteThis is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites._gid1 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form.ajs_anonymous_idneverThis cookie is set by Segment.io to check the number of ew and returning visitors to the website.ajs_user_idneverThe cookie is set by Segment.io and is used to analyze how you use the websiteANON_ID3 monthsThis cookie is provided by Tribalfusion. The cookie is used to give a unique number to visitors, and collects data on user behaviour like what page have been visited. This cookie also helps to understand which sale has been generated by as a result of the advertisement served by third party.jam_heavy_ga_session5 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics.UserID13 monthsThe cookie sets a unique anonymous ID for a website visitor. This ID is used to continue to identify users across different sessions and track their activities on the website. The data collected is used for analysis.uvc1 year 1 monthThe cookie is set by addthis.com to determine the usage of Addthis.com service. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. CookieDurationDescription__tbc2 yearsThis cookie is used for measuring the efficiency of advertisement by registering data on visitors from multiple website._cc_aud8 months 26 daysThe cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising._cc_ccsessionThe cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising._cc_dc8 months 26 daysThe cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising._cc_id8 months 26 daysThe cookie is set by crwdcntrl.net. The purpose of the cookie is to collect statistical information in an anonymous form about the visitors of the website. The data collected include number of visits, average time spent on the website, and the what pages have been loaded. These data are then used to segment audiences based on the geographical location, demographic, and user interest provide relevant content and for advertisers for targeted advertising._kuid_5 months 27 daysThe cookie is set by Krux Digital under the domain krxd.net. The cookie stores a unique ID to identify a returning user for the purpose of targeted advertising._rxuuid1 yearThe main purpose of this cookie is targeting, advertesing and effective marketing. This cookie is used to set a unique ID to the visitors, which allow third party advertisers to target the visitors with relevant advertisement up to 1 year.ANON_ID_old3 monthsThis cookie helps to categorise the users interest and to create profiles in terms of resales of targeted marketing. This cookie is used to collect user information such as what pages have been viewed on the website for creating profiles.bscookie2 yearsThis cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.CMID1 yearThe cookie is set by CasaleMedia. The cookie is used to collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.CMPRO3 monthsThis cookie is set by Casalemedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.CMPS3 monthsThis cookie is set by Casalemedia and is used for targeted advertisement purposes.CMST1 dayThe cookie is set by CasaleMedia. The cookie is used to collect information about the usage behavior for targeted advertising.DSID1 hourThis cookie is setup by doubleclick.net. This cookie is used by Google to make advertising more engaging to users and are stored under doubleclick.net. It contains an encrypted unique ID.google_push5 minutesThis cookie is set by the Bidswitch. This cookie is used to collect statistical data related to the user website visit such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. This collected information is used to sort out the users based on demographics and geographical locations inorder to serve them with relevant online advertising.i1 yearThe purpose of the cookie is not known yet.id3 monthsThe main purpose of this cookie is targeting and advertising. It is used to create a profile of the user's interest and to show relevant ads on their site. This Cookie is set by DoubleClick which is owned by Google.IDE1 year 24 daysUsed by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.IDSYNC1 yearThis cookie is used for advertising purposes.KADUSERCOOKIE3 monthsThe cookie is set by pubmatic.com for identifying the visitors' website or device from which they visit PubMatic's partners' website.KTPCACOOKIE1 dayThis cookie is set by pubmatic.com for the purpose of checking if third-party cookies are enabled on the user's website.ljt_reader1 yearThis is a Lijit Advertising Platform cookie. The cookie is used for recognizing the browser or device when users return to their site or one of their partner's site.loc1 year 1 monthThis cookie is set by Addthis. This is a geolocation cookie to understand where the users sharing the information are located.mc1 year 1 monthThis cookie is associated with Quantserve to track anonymously how a user interact with the website.mt_mop1 monthStores information about how the user uses the website such as what pages have been loaded and any other advertisement before visiting the website for the purpose of targeted advertisements.personalization_id2 yearsThis cookie is set by twitter.com. It is used integrate the sharing features of this social media. It also stores information about how the user uses the website for tracking and targeting.suid_legacy1 yearThis cookie is used to collect information on user preference and interactioin with the website campaign content. This cookie is used for promoting events and products by the webiste owners on CRM-campaign-platform.TDCPM1 yearThe cookie is set by CloudFlare service to store a unique ID to identify a returning users device which then is used for targeted advertising.TDID1 yearThe cookie is set by CloudFlare service to store a unique ID to identify a returning users device which then is used for targeted advertising.test_cookie15 minutesThis cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.tluid3 monthsThis cookie is set by the provider AdRoll.This cookie is used to identify the visitor and to serve them with relevant ads by collecting user behaviour from multiple websites.tuuid1 yearThis cookie is set by .bidswitch.net. The cookies stores a unique ID for the purpose of the determining what adverts the users have seen if you have visited any of the advertisers website. The information is used for determining when and how often users will see a certain banner.tuuid_lu1 yearThis cookie is set by .bidswitch.net. The cookies stores a unique ID for the purpose of the determining what adverts the users have seen if you have visited any of the advertisers website. The information is used for determining when and how often users will see a certain banner.uid5 months 27 daysThis cookie is used to measure the number and behavior of the visitors to the website anonymously. The data includes the number of visits, average duration of the visit on the website, pages visited, etc. for the purpose of better understanding user preferences for targeted advertisments.uuid1 year 27 daysTo optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites such as what pages have been loaded.VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE5 months 27 daysThis cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.wfivefivec1 year 1 monthThe domain of this cookie is owned by Dataxu. The main business activity of this cookie is targeting and advertising. This cookie tracks the advertisement report which helps us to improve the marketing activity.xbc2 yearsThis cookie is used for optmizing the advertisement on the website more relevant by analysing the user behaviour and interaction with the website.YSCsessionThis cookies is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. CookieDurationDescription__browsiSessionID30 minutesNo description available.__browsiUID1 yearNo description available.__cflb23 hoursThis cookie is used by Cloudflare for load balancing.__gpi1 year 24 daysNo descriptionajs_group_idneverThis cookie is set by Segment.io. The purpose of the cookie is currently not identified.blkbs6 days 23 hoursNo descriptioncharitable_session1 dayNo description available.cookietestsessionNo descriptiondebugneverNo description available.gCStest7 years 1 month 26 days 16 hoursNo descriptionmuc_ads2 yearsNo descriptionrevengine_browser_idsessionNo descriptionrevengine-browser-tokensessionRevEngine Data Tool.rl_user_idneverNo description available.tf_respondent_cc6 monthsNo descriptionUserMatchHistory1 monthLinkedin - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.vic_loc_error10 minutesNo descriptionvicinity_id1 year 10 months 24 days 11 hoursVicinity Advertising. SAVE & ACCEPT Powered by Become an Insider There are many great benefits to being a Maverick Insider. Removing advertising from your browsing experience is one of them - we don't just block ads, we redesign our pages to look smarter and load faster. Click here to see other benefits and to sign-up to our reader community supporting quality, independent journalism. Find out More