Home | Bringing The World Home To You | WUNC Search Query Show Search News North Carolina News NPR News Politics Arts & Culture Race & Demographics Business & Economy Education Environment Health Science & Technology Military Sports Weather Ethics Corrections & Clarifications North Carolina News NPR News Politics Arts & Culture Race & Demographics Business & Economy Education Environment Health Science & Technology Military Sports Weather Ethics Corrections & Clarifications Regions Triangle News Triad News Fayetteville Area News Eastern NC News Southeastern NC News Charlotte Area News Western NC News Triangle News Triad News Fayetteville Area News Eastern NC News Southeastern NC News Charlotte Area News Western NC News Special Coverage 2024 Election Main Street NC 2023 UNC-Chapel Hill Shooting 2022 Raleigh Shooting A Teacher in Every Class Behind The Lines Tested: Beyond The Pod The Lives Lost The Killing of Andrew Brown Jr. Calling for Change Lumberton Undeterred Southern Witness Coronavirus Coverage The Cost of Summer 2024 Election Main Street NC 2023 UNC-Chapel Hill Shooting 2022 Raleigh Shooting A Teacher in Every Class Behind The Lines Tested: Beyond The Pod The Lives Lost The Killing of Andrew Brown Jr. Calling for Change Lumberton Undeterred Southern Witness Coronavirus Coverage The Cost of Summer Due South About Due South Shows Contact Due South About Due South Shows Contact Due South Programs WUNC Radio Schedule Programs A-Z Due South All Things Considered Morning Edition Back Porch Music Embodied Radio Show Sound Opinions The Thistle and Shamrock Youth Reporting Institute The People's Pharmacy American Homefront Project Fresh Air NPR Music & Concerts WUNC Radio Schedule Programs A-Z Due South All Things Considered Morning Edition Back Porch Music Embodied Radio Show Sound Opinions The Thistle and Shamrock Youth Reporting Institute The People's Pharmacy American Homefront Project Fresh Air NPR Music & Concerts Podcasts Podcasts From WUNC The Broadside Embodied Podcast WUNC Politics Me & My Muslim Friends Podcasts From WUNC The Broadside Embodied Podcast WUNC Politics Me & My Muslim Friends About About WUNC Ways To Listen To WUNC Online About HD Radio Station Policies & Financial Documents Committee on Inclusion Diversity Equity Accountability WUNC Public Radio, LLC Board of Directors People Ways to Connect WUNC Jobs WUNC Community Discussion Rules Telling Public Radio’s Story Ethics Contact Us About WUNC Ways To Listen To WUNC Online About HD Radio Station Policies & Financial Documents Committee on Inclusion Diversity Equity Accountability WUNC Public Radio, LLC Board of Directors People Ways to Connect WUNC Jobs WUNC Community Discussion Rules Telling Public Radio’s Story Ethics Contact Us Support Ways to Give to WUNC WUNC Thank You Gifts Drawing Rules & Entry Form WUNC Sustainer Program Update Sustainer Information Increase Sustainer Gift Join WUNC's Leadership Circle Donate Your Vehicle to WUNC Be a WUNC Volunteer Include WUNC in Your Will Business Sponsors & Underwriting Community Sponsor Circle Other Ways To Give Ways to Give to WUNC WUNC Thank You Gifts Drawing Rules & Entry Form WUNC Sustainer Program Update Sustainer Information Increase Sustainer Gift Join WUNC's Leadership Circle Donate Your Vehicle to WUNC Be a WUNC Volunteer Include WUNC in Your Will Business Sponsors & Underwriting Community Sponsor Circle Other Ways To Give WUNC Music Search Bringing The World Home To You© 2024 WUNC North Carolina Public Radio120 Friday Center Dr Chapel Hill, NC 27517 919.445.9150 | 800.962.9862 Menu 91.5 Chapel Hill 88.9 Manteo 90.9 Rocky Mount 91.1 Welcome 91.9 Fayetteville 90.5 Buxton 94.1 Lumberton 99.9 Southern Pines 89.9 Chadbourn Show Search Search Query Donate Play Live Radio Next Up: 0:00 0:00 0:00 0:00 Available On Air Stations On Air Now Playing WUNC On Air Now Playing WUNC Music All Streams News North Carolina News NPR News Politics Arts & Culture Race & Demographics Business & Economy Education Environment Health Science & Technology Military Sports Weather Ethics Corrections & Clarifications North Carolina News NPR News Politics Arts & Culture Race & Demographics Business & Economy Education Environment Health Science & Technology Military Sports Weather Ethics Corrections & Clarifications Regions Triangle News Triad News Fayetteville Area News Eastern NC News Southeastern NC News Charlotte Area News Western NC News Triangle News Triad News Fayetteville Area News Eastern NC News Southeastern NC News Charlotte Area News Western NC News Special Coverage 2024 Election Main Street NC 2023 UNC-Chapel Hill Shooting 2022 Raleigh Shooting A Teacher in Every Class Behind The Lines Tested: Beyond The Pod The Lives Lost The Killing of Andrew Brown Jr. Calling for Change Lumberton Undeterred Southern Witness Coronavirus Coverage The Cost of Summer 2024 Election Main Street NC 2023 UNC-Chapel Hill Shooting 2022 Raleigh Shooting A Teacher in Every Class Behind The Lines Tested: Beyond The Pod The Lives Lost The Killing of Andrew Brown Jr. Calling for Change Lumberton Undeterred Southern Witness Coronavirus Coverage The Cost of Summer Due South About Due South Shows Contact Due South About Due South Shows Contact Due South Programs WUNC Radio Schedule Programs A-Z Due South All Things Considered Morning Edition Back Porch Music Embodied Radio Show Sound Opinions The Thistle and Shamrock Youth Reporting Institute The People's Pharmacy American Homefront Project Fresh Air NPR Music & Concerts WUNC Radio Schedule Programs A-Z Due South All Things Considered Morning Edition Back Porch Music Embodied Radio Show Sound Opinions The Thistle and Shamrock Youth Reporting Institute The People's Pharmacy American Homefront Project Fresh Air NPR Music & Concerts Podcasts Podcasts From WUNC The Broadside Embodied Podcast WUNC Politics Me & My Muslim Friends Podcasts From WUNC The Broadside Embodied Podcast WUNC Politics Me & My Muslim Friends About About WUNC Ways To Listen To WUNC Online About HD Radio Station Policies & Financial Documents Committee on Inclusion Diversity Equity Accountability WUNC Public Radio, LLC Board of Directors People Ways to Connect WUNC Jobs WUNC Community Discussion Rules Telling Public Radio’s Story Ethics Contact Us About WUNC Ways To Listen To WUNC Online About HD Radio Station Policies & Financial Documents Committee on Inclusion Diversity Equity Accountability WUNC Public Radio, LLC Board of Directors People Ways to Connect WUNC Jobs WUNC Community Discussion Rules Telling Public Radio’s Story Ethics Contact Us Support Ways to Give to WUNC WUNC Thank You Gifts Drawing Rules & Entry Form WUNC Sustainer Program Update Sustainer Information Increase Sustainer Gift Join WUNC's Leadership Circle Donate Your Vehicle to WUNC Be a WUNC Volunteer Include WUNC in Your Will Business Sponsors & Underwriting Community Sponsor Circle Other Ways To Give Ways to Give to WUNC WUNC Thank You Gifts Drawing Rules & Entry Form WUNC Sustainer Program Update Sustainer Information Increase Sustainer Gift Join WUNC's Leadership Circle Donate Your Vehicle to WUNC Be a WUNC Volunteer Include WUNC in Your Will Business Sponsors & Underwriting Community Sponsor Circle Other Ways To Give WUNC Music Search Top Stories Mitchell Northam / WUNC Politics Live updates: Super Tuesday 2024 Primary Elections in North Carolina Good morning! Follow live updates as WUNC reporters, producers and editors cover primary Election Day 2024 across the Triangle. Digital producer Mitchell Northam is curating the blog through this afternoon. Listen: North Carolina Primary Election Special Jeff Tiberii Listen • 51:25 Mitchell Northam / WUNC Politics Early voting is done in North Carolina. Super Tuesday is here. Rusty Jacobs Charles Rex Arbogast / AP News ShotSpotter won't return to Durham after City Council vote Bradley George National Stories Ahmad Hasaballah / Getty Images Photos: U.S. and Jordan conduct airdrop into Gaza as cease-fire talks continue NPR Staff The death toll in Gaza reached 30,000 this past week, as airstrikes continued and the U.S. conducted its first aid drop while Israel continues to consider a proposed cease-fire deal. Kate Medley for NPR On Super Tuesday, abortion is driving Democrats to the polls in North Carolina Tamara Keith The Biden campaign says it sees a chance to win North Carolina in November. In the primary campaign, Democratic voters say new restrictions on abortion are motivating them to get to the polls. Listen • 4:14 Latest Stories Education Report: NC school districts that serve mostly Black children hold more students back a grade Liz Schlemmer A report by Carolina Demography found that North Carolina school districts with high proportions of Black students are more likely to hold students back a grade. Tiny house advocate aims for big changes to help increase Black homeownership Leoneda Inge Tiny home consultant Jewel Pearson talks to co-host Leoneda Inge about how tiny house living can open the door to homeownership. Listen • 17:29 The Washington Post's Michelle Singletary talks housing unaffordability, race and money lessons from 'Big Mama' Leoneda Inge Personal finance columnist Michelle Singletary talks to co-host Leoneda Inge from NC State's Emerging Issues Forum about financial resiliency. Listen • 31:57 Education In 1959, NC banned public workers from bargaining contracts — what it means for teachers today Liz Schlemmer Unlike in many states, North Carolina public school teachers can not collectively bargain contracts. Nor can they legally strike. The situation has broad effects for public school employees. Listen • 7:31 Politics Trump escalates his immigration rhetoric in Greensboro with baseless claim about Biden trying to overthrow the US Associated Press Former President Donald Trump has further escalated his immigration rhetoric, baselessly accusing President Joe Biden of waging a "conspiracy to overthrow the United States of America" at the border. Politics In Cooper lawsuit, North Carolina judges block new makeups of 2 boards, leave 5 intact Associated Press North Carolina trial judges have permanently blocked new membership formats for two state boards from being carried out. But they also ruled that the makeups of five other commissions can stand. Wealthy candidates could have the best shot at North Carolina's 5 open House seats Colin Campbell New congressional maps finalized late last year created short election timelines for many North Carolina House races. That may end up placing more value on candidates who can chip in their own cash. Listen • 3:53 Politics North Carolina casino debate fuels challenge to Nash County lawmaker Colin Campbell Republican N.C. House candidate Yvonne McLeod argues that Rep. Allen Chesser didn’t do enough to inform the community about a proposal to add up to four new casinos in North Carolina and push back against his GOP colleagues in Raleigh. Load More Robert F. Williams' bold history lesson As the president of the local chapter of the NAACP, Robert F. Williams led the small town of Monroe, North Carolina in protesting racism and segregation during the 1950s. But he was also head of a local NRA chapter that urged African Americans to defend themselves by meeting violence with violence. His story is one of the most fascinating and unusual in American history, and, in Monroe and elsewhere, it’s challenging how we talk about the Civil Rights Movement today.Featuring: Robert Heath, Monroe resident and community organizer Patricia Poland, retired genealogy and local history librarian of the Union County Library Ormand Moore, Monroe native and Humanities Instructor at North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics Special thanks to the Henry Hampton Collections at Washington University Libraries, the Southern Oral History Program at UNC-Chapel Hill, Smithsonian Folkways Recordings, and WBTV in Charlotte. Links: You can find a transcript of the episode here. Listen Big changes for 2024 voters under new election laws Voters in this year's primary will have a few new things to get used to. After years of legal wrangling, photo IDs are required to vote, but there's a process in place for voters who show up without one. And voters looking to use mail-in absentee ballots need to be aware of earlier deadlines. WUNC's voting and election integrity reporter, Rusty Jacobs, joins Capitol Bureau Chief Colin Campbell to explain what voters need to know as they participate in a big election year. Listen Lifted: Wanting (And Getting) A Bigger Butt The Brazilian butt lift (or BBL) is the fastest-growing cosmetic surgery in recent memory ... but why? Anita learns about the ins and outs of the procedure from a plastic surgeon and a BBL recipient. Then a scholar puts our obsession with big butts in historical context — tracing the conversation from Sir Mix-a-Lot to Kim Kardashian.Meet the guests:- Dr. Kelly Bolden, a clinical assistant professor at Howard University and Medical Director and plastic surgeon at CulturaMed, details the procedure and safety factors to consider with a BBL- Ronte’ Jentel, a Youtube vlogger and personality, shares why he got a BBL and what the surgical process and recovery were like- Dr. Alisha Gaines, an associate professor of arts and sciences in the department of English at Florida State University, explains the historical roots of the cultural forces propelling the BBL to popularityRead the transcript | Review the podcast on your preferred platformFollow Embodied on X and Instagram Leave a message for Embodied Listen Politics What's at stake for education in the NC Superintendent of Public Instruction race? Cotham — no, not that one — faces difficulties in her reelection campaign North Carolina voters like early voting, which ends Saturday for the primaries North Carolina's 5 open congressional seats drawing candidates in droves Education UNC System BOG officially gives itself power in athletic conference realignment UNC Board of Governors considering test-optional SAT, ACT policy for some incoming college students In Charlotte’s south suburbs, public schools fuel and reflect an Asian population boom Saint Augustine's University loses accreditation, plans to file lawsuit Military Camp Lejeune water contamination tied to a range of cancers, CDC study says Highlighting the legacy of the U.S. Army’s first all-Black World War II paratrooper unit After a series of suicides, the USS George Washington returns to sea with more mental healthcare 'Alive Day' sparks memories of a wartime brush with death and an extraordinary post-war life Environment UN Human Rights Council condemns DuPont and Chemours for polluting Cape Fear River with PFAS Officials urge caution as North Carolina's spring wildfire season begins Conservation groups petitioning for horseshoe crab to be listed as endangered species Lead pipe mandate could cost NC utility customers Arts & Culture Sylvan Esso brings new music festival 'Good Moon' to Durham Bulls park this summer Makaya McCraven talks about his latest album 'In These Times' North Carolina musicians and friends remember Dex Romweber, founder of Flat Duo Jets UNC-Chapel Hill's art museum centers Native American art in new exhibition Sports 8 sports wagering operators are licensed in North Carolina to take bets starting March 11 NASCAR's video game revolution is breaking down barriers Q&A: UNC Pembroke AD Dick Christy on how sports betting will impact smaller NC colleges Eric Montross, former UNC-Chapel Hill basketball star and broadcaster, dies at 52 after cancer fight TALK WITH US ON SOCIAL Due South: Latest Story Listen: North Carolina Primary Election Special Jeff Tiberii Join Jeff Tiberii and Due South as NPR member stations in Asheville, Chapel Hill, Charlotte, Wilmington, and Winston-Salem are collaborating on an hour-long special to contextualize the North Carolina primary and Super Tuesday. Listen • 51:25 More Due South Embodied Radio Show: Latest Episode Charnel Hunter Getting cheeky: the hype behind the Brazilian butt lift Paige Miranda The Brazilian butt lift is one of the fastest growing cosmetic procedures. What is driving the desire for a “perfect peach”? Listen • 49:00 WUNC's Commitment to Editorial Integrity Read More WUNC Commits To Anti-racism Black lives matter. WUNC believes this because it is true, and truth fuels what we do at North Carolina Public Radio. READ MORE Sustainer?Update your Credit Card now! Update Your Card Stay up to date on North Carolina stories. Subscribe to the WUNC Radio Newsletter. * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name American Homefront Reporting on the lives of American military personnel and veterans. READ THEIR STORIES LISTEN LIVE Hit the All Streams icon in the audio player to listen now! Hear what's streaming live on WUNC Radio and WUNC Music. Want more ways to listen? SEE MORE WAYS TO LISTEN Stay Connected twitter instagram youtube facebook linkedin Bringing The World Home To You© 2024 WUNC North Carolina Public Radio120 Friday Center Dr Chapel Hill, NC 27517 919.445.9150 | 800.962.9862 Listen Live Podcasts From WUNC Events About Contact Us Employment Privacy FCC Applications WUNC FCC Public File WBUX FCC Public File WFSS FCC Public File WRQM FCC Public File WUND-FM FCC Public File WURI FCC Public File WUNW FCC Public File WZCO FCC Public File WUNC Drawing Rules