Rapid City Journal | Breaking News | | Read Rapid City, SD and South Dakota breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on South Dakota sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 32° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Wildfires Crime Business Education Politics State Nation & World Podcasts News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Cartoons Sports High School College Professional Great Outdoors Rapid City Rush Life & Entertainment Arts and Theatre Movies & TV Music Event Calendar Games Contests Comics Columns Play Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Announcements Submit Announcement Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Contests Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Our Publications Chadron Record Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Sports Opinion Life & Entertainment Jobs Wildfires 32° Sunny Here's the four ballot measures South Dakota voters could have a say on this election Of the eight citizen-led ballot questions approved for circulation, three will definitely meet the signature threshold to make the ballot, according to News Watch analysis and interviews. Parks Department announces plans for Knollwood Park enhancements Rapid City's Parks and Recreation Department and Wyss Associates hosted a public meeting on Wednesday, Feb. 28, to discuss the Knollwood Area Park Master Plan. Hiking South Dakota: New book highlights 50 destinations For avid hikers who are already dreaming about places to explore this summer, Marcus Heerdt’s new book is likely to inspire some adventures. In a league of his own: BHSU’s Matthew Ragsdale set for final chapter of historic career "Being able to lead this team this year is everything you dream about growing up,” Matthew Ragsdale said Accused Esther Wolfe shooter held on no bond A Pennington County judge held 21-year-old Arkadius Wright Sr. on no bond during his initial appearance in court for murder Monday morning. Sturgis city manager election set after Supreme Court intervention South Dakota's Fourth Circuit Judge Michael Day issued a mandate Friday directing the city of Sturgis to proceed with an election regarding the future of the city manager position. Mines men, women miss out on RMAC Tournament The Mines men controlled their own destiny Saturday, needing a home win over Colorado Christian to qualify for the RMAC Tournament West River teams fall short in Class AA Boys SoDak 16 Sioux Falls Jefferson bested Rapid City Stevens in overtime on Saturday in Sioux Falls Ragsdale, Jackets complete comeback, down Chadron State in OT “We didn’t hit the panic button, which a lot of times might do in that situation," BHSU head coach Ryan Thompson said Kalla Bertram leads BHSU women past Eagles "We leaned on our defense a little bit, and Kalla (Bertram) kept us in it in the first half again,” Jackets head coach Mark Nore said Audrey Fouras walks off CSU Pueblo in extras to clinch series, DH sweep for Yellow Jackets Audrey Fouras entered in the 10th inning and came through clutch against CSU Pueblo on Saturday PHOTOS: BHSU men against Chadron State College in regular season finale The Yellow Jackets advance to the RMAC tournament next week. PHOTOS: BHSU women host Chadron State in regular season finale The Yellow Jackets will now move onto the post-season conference tournament next week. PHOTOS: Black Hills State softball host CSU Pueblo in a doubleheader The Yellow Jackets hosted the ThunderWolves in their home opener this weekend. Could John Thune soon be the Senate's top Republican? With Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell's sudden departure announcement, years of Congressional scuttlebutt surrounding Thune's potential ascension to the highest Republican rank in the chamber seems all too real. Seven candidates vying for Sturgis mayor position Seven residents, including three City Council members, have stepped forward to fill the mayoral vacancy in Sturgis following the resignation of Mayor Mark Carstensen in February. A place for acceptance: Lakota couple opens Rapid City’s first Indigenous two-spirit safe space Two women embraced each other on the north side of Rapid City surrounded by around 30 community members as they opened the city’s first Indigenous-led LGBTQIA+ center, Uniting Resilience. Stevens stalls Cobblers, clinches 10th straight trip to State “I’m lucky and blessed to coach good kids and have really good people to work with,” Raiders coach Adam Dannenbring said Strong start propels Comets past STM, into SoDak 16 “Getting off to a good start to start the game was important,” Christian head coach Kyle Courtney said Spearfish girls return to State and more from Thursday's high school basketball playoffs The Spartans advanced to the state tournament for the first time since 2014 Eagles soar past Mines men with late run and more from Friday's college basketball scene The Hardrockers need a win, or a loss by Chadron State or CSU Pueblo, to qualify for the RMAC Tournament PHOTOS: Chadron State College men at South Dakota Mines The Mines teams return to action on Saturday against Colorado Christian. PHOTOS: Central girls at Stevens in SoDak 16 state qualifier The Rapid City rivals battled it out Friday night with the winner advancing to the state tournament next weekend in Sioux Falls. Police arrest alleged shooter in Esther Wolfe killing The Rapid City Police Department announced Friday afternoon they arrested a 21-year-old Box Elder man for allegedly shooting and killing 25-year-old Esther Wolfe on Feb. 21 in north Rapid City. Judge makes rulings in preparation for Nick Tilsen's assault trial Nick Tilsen does not have a trial date just yet for his felony assault case, but the process moved forward Friday morning with a judge's rulings on various pretrial motions. Rapid City man sentenced to 30 years for molestation A Pennington County judge told a Rapid City man his sexual abuse of two young boys was "significantly egregious" and "destructively harmful" before sentencing him to 30 years in prison. Rapid City sets course for 2050 with new transportation plan The plan, essential for future transportation demands, aims to enhance safety and efficiency across the metropolitan area, according to city officials. B-21 Ellsworth expansion getting mixed support in Pierre Col. Oakley said at a recent meeting the Air Force will embark on nearly three dozen construction projects on the base at an estimated cost of at least $1.5 billion. Blossom Health and Wellness brings ketamine treatment to Rapid City Jennifer Levy, owner of Blossom Health and Wellness, is a Nurse Anesthetist, CRNA, has brought the treatment of chronic pain and mental health through ketamine infusions, to Rapid City. Maȟpíya Lúta girls return to State, thanks to 16 made 3-pointers “I told them, ‘we’re going to go out and be us,’” Crusaders coach Matt Rama said Recommended For You The Landmark Casino takes its place among Deadwood history Accused Esther Wolfe shooter held on no bond Sponsored Fun with Fido! The Black Hills of South Dakota has everything you and man's best friend are looking for The Latest Rapid City homes for big families Rapid City homes with at least five bedrooms. Historical homes you can own in the Rapid City area Here are some Rapid City homes with history that you might be able to call your own. Norris Peak Road bridge to close for repairs Tuesday Norris Peak Road Bridge near Johnson Siding will be closed for the day Tuesday, March 5 beginning at 8:30 a.m. as crews work to replace the bridge deck. Beretta, Johnson Gulch roads to close temporarily Beretta Road and Johnson Gulch Road will be closed March 4 through 7, March 18 through 21 and April 1 through 4 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, says only Congress, not states, can use insurrection clause Sports March 2 college basketball odds, previews and picks: Marquette vs. Creighton predictions & more Check out these college basketball picks and previews for NCAAB action on Saturday, March 2. Duke vs. Virginia odds, preview and picks for college basketball - March 2 Check out our picks and preview of the ACC battle between Duke and Virginia on Saturday. Feb. 28 College Basketball odds, preview and picks: Auburn vs. Tennessee best bets & more Check out these college basketball picks and previews for NCAAB action on Wednesday. Indiana vs. Wisconsin college basketball picks: Odds, preview and more - Feb. 27 Check out our picks and preview for Indiana vs. Wisconsin college basketball today. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Fun with Fido! The Black Hills of South Dakota has everything you and man's best friend are looking for Content by Liv Hospitality. Whether you're traveling from afar or planning a staycation in your own backyard, this pet-friendly travel guide ensures that your next vacation will be paws-itively unforgettable. Sponsored A romantic winter destination guide in the Black Hills Content by Liv Hospitality. Plan the perfect romantic trip for you and your partner in the Black Hills. Sponsored 17 best sites to buy Instagram followers in 2024 Provided content. Find out what makes these 17 sites the best for buying Instagram followers. Sponsored Sponsored: Shared living program from Black Hills Works Black Hills Works offers a range of residential options for those supported in its programs to best meet everyone’s unique needs and preferences. In the newest option, called shared living, individuals are matched as roommates with people in the community. Shared living provides the opportun… Local Businesses Pepsi Cola Of Alliance 1639 Holsten Dr, Alliance, NE 69301 Graslie Law Office 4940 5th St# E, Rapid City, SD 57701 Website Sjodin Rentals 1240 Jackson Bl, Rapid City, SD 57702 Print Ads Medical Kate Haave WILSON PARK DENTAL ASSOC - Ad from 2024-03-02 Sale Joan Gorman / Katherine Keyser Premier Properties - Ad from 2024-03-02 Construction Stantec - Ad from 2024-03-02 Creative BACKSPACE - Ad from 2024-02-28 Service R.C. FINANCE OFFICE - Ad from 2024-03-02 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Sites & Partners Chadron Record Northern Hills Elevate Magazine Services Become a Member Contact Us Place An Ad Activate Full Access Email Updates Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Dealer Services Work here Licensing © Copyright 2024 Rapid City Journal, 507 Main Street Rapid City, SD 57701 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alert Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe