The American Institute of Architects: AIA Skip to main content AIA24 registration is open! Save hundreds with early bird rates through April 10. Register today > Utility Menu - Desktop To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Events Courses Contracts MasterSpec Job Board Newsroom Shop Login Become a Member Search Menu Search Let’s design a better world, together. AIA is the largest, most influential network of architects and design professionals. That’s 98,000+ members who share a passion for design, a desire to change the world, and a commitment to the highest standards of practice. announcement The Latest from AIA AIA Fellows 2024 AIA elevates 98 architects to the College of Fellows Read more AIA’s Hill Day 2024 Architects will focus on direct engagement with policymakers to advocate for critical legislative goals. Read more AIA24 registration is open Save hundreds with early bird rates through April 10. Read more Launch of innovative digital media hub AIA is set to launch a digital media hub and a curated, personalized e-newsletter in early 2024. Read more Featured ProjectMartin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library The award-winning interior architecture of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library transforms an aging cultural complex into a socially sustainable engine for knowledge exchange.Explore the project library_books Resources Build knowledge with exclusive resources Design the future of the built environment with the largest, most comprehensive collection of architecture and design resources. Learn more about firm management, best practices, climate action, equity, and more for every stage of your professional journey. Lean on AIA's supportive community of industry leaders and learn from the very best. Access the AIA Resource Center RESOURCE The Architect’s Journey to Specification RESOURCE AIA Compensation & Benefits Report RESOURCE AIA 2030 Commitment By the Numbers RESOURCE How building materials affect our environment RESOURCE ABI January 2024 RESOURCE AIA Consensus Construction Forecast people_alt Connection Connect with an influential community AIA connects you like no other organization can. Network with an ever-expanding global community of experts through 200+ local chapters and hundreds of events. Get involved and strengthen your professional network by attending events and conferences and joining our knowledge communities. Meet the AIA community AIA AIA Future Focused - Darral Tate, Assoc. AIA, NOMA Darral Tate, Assoc. AIA, NOMA, is a Project Coordinator at Moody Nolan. His focus has been to help build a bridge between individuals from underrepresented communities and the Architecture profession.Learn more favorite Advocacy Be a voice for change AIA advocacy efforts are based on our values. We advocate at the federal, state, and local levels for climate action, equity, student loan debt relief, business interests, and more. We champion meaningful policies that enable architects to build better buildings and take decisive action on the issues that matter most to our industry.Explore the issues Renew your AIA membership Renew As an AIA member, you’re a part of a community—and so much more. Network with 98,000+ fellow members who share your passion and purpose Use the AIA designation to signify the highest standards of practice Earn HSWs, AIA LUs, & more through industry-best continuing education Utilize hundreds of proven resources to elevate your career Support advocacy wins that safeguard your profession and the environment Save big on events like AIA24 & WLS with member-only pricing Ready to advance your architecture career? When you join AIA, you’re joining a community with global reach—and so much more. Become an AIA member Footer Social Facebook X LinkedIn Instagram About Membership Careers at AIA Contact us FAQ Host an event AIA Network AIA Trust Architects Foundation Find a chapter Become a partner Leadership Speaking Requests AEC Products & resources AIA Conference on Architecture & Design AIA Contract Documents MasterSpec AIAU AIA Store Ready to advance your architecture career? When you join AIA, you’re joining a community with global reach—and so much more. Become an AIA member Copyright © 2024 AIA Privacy Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Become a Member Main navigation To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Design Excellence Toggle Submenu AIA's Framework for Design Excellence Climate Action Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion Awards Award Winners College of Fellows Blueprint for Better Careers Toggle Submenu Continuing Education AIA & State Requirements CE Course Catalog CES Providers Transcript Job Board Volunteer at AIA Salary Calculator Community & Events Toggle Submenu AIA Conference on Architecture & Design AIA Trust Alliance Organizations Architects Foundation Events Knowledge Communities Member Groups Chapters Advocacy Toggle Submenu AIA’s Public Policies & Position Statements International Efforts Federal Policy Issues State and Local Issues ArchiPAC Research Support HTC Modernization Resource Center About Toggle Submenu Strategic Plan Leadership Where We Stand Become a partner Careers at AIA Professional Standards AIA Headquarters Contact us Utility Menu - Mobile To navigate items, use the arrow, home, and end keys. Events Courses Contracts MasterSpec Job Board Newsroom Shop