Texas A&M University | Texas A&M University Skip to Primary Navigation Skip to Main Content How to Apply Make a Gift Visit Texas A&M Information for you For You Future Students Current Students Former Students Parents & Families Faculty Staff Veterans Quicklinks & Search close Quicklinks & Search Search Search Logins Canvas Learning Management System Access classroom materials Howdy Portal Web portal to Texas A&M Services Texas A&M Gmail Access your student email Single Sign On (SSO) Access the faculty & staff portal Workday Human resources portal Resources Student and Employee Directory Campus Map Academic Calendar University Events Calendar University News Popular Searches Where is Texas A&M University? What are the Aggie war hymn lyrics? What is the 12th Man? How to Apply Make a Gift Visit Texas A&M About Admissions Academics Research Campus & Community Athletics close About Discover who we are at Texas A&M University and learn what it means to be an Aggie. University Leadership Our Purpose and Values We strive to carry out our university’s mission and live by six core values. Facts We’ve compiled important facts and statistics about Texas A&M. University Leadership Our president and governing bodies guide our university. History of the University We remember Texas A&M’s roots and celebrate its milestones. Frequently Asked Questions We’ve gathered a list of common questions about Texas A&M. Traditions Our traditions celebrate the Aggie Family, past and present. Quicklinks Rankings & Recognitions Global Engagement News Campus Virtual Tour close Admissions Learn how to become the newest, loudest and proudest member of the Fightin’ Texas Aggies. How to Apply Request Information Apply as a Freshman Learn how to apply as a first-time college student. Apply as a Transfer Learn how to apply as a student previously enrolled at another college. Apply as a Graduate Learn how to apply to our graduate and professional schools. International Applicants Learn how to apply if you are not a U.S. citizen. Costs and Tuition We provided resources to help you understand Texas A&M’s costs and tuition. Financial Aid Texas A&M offers a variety of financial aid, such as scholarships and grants. Quicklinks Applicant Information Portal Tuition Calculator Info for Admitted Students close Academics Pursue your education as part of the Aggie Family. We have options for all interests, life phases and learning styles. Majors & Minors Colleges & Schools Texas A&M is home to 16 colleges and schools. Majors & Minors, Graduate Programs Our students have a vast selection of study areas to choose from. Education Abroad We offer programs that enable students to learn around the world. Campuses & Locations Texas A&M extends beyond College Station to locations across the globe. Academic Support We offer resources to ensure students’ academic success. Quicklinks Academic Calendar Honors Program University Libraries Course Catalogs close Research Make a difference at one of the nation’s leading research institutions. Events for Researchers Research That Matters Our research is making an impact around the globe. Student Research Students have opportunities to be a part of life-changing research. Research in Colleges & Schools Our colleges and schools continuously work on field-specific research. Research Enterprise Researchers at Texas A&M collaborate to maximize their work’s impact. Research Facilities Our equipment, labs and facilities enable groundbreaking research. Quicklinks Research @ Texas A&M Division of Research Council of Principal Investigators Research Compliance & Biosafety Find Funding close Campus & Community Discover what it’s like to live and learn in Aggieland. Our tight-knit community is rooted in tradition and service. University Events Parking & Transportation We have various options for parking and getting around campus. Housing Whether you plan to live on or off campus, we have resources for you. Dining Students have plenty of options for dining locations, menus and meal plans. Life in Aggieland There is a lot to do and see in Bryan-College Station. Student Life Students have many resources and ways to get plugged in. Campus Safety We have resources and emergency services to keep students safe. Aggie Traditions Texas A&M is rich in tradition that celebrates the Aggie Family, past and present. Aggie Culture Corps of Cadets Gameday Orientation Remembrance close Athletics Texas A&M University is the home of the 12th Man. 12th Man Website Sports Teams Texas A&M University athletics teams and programs. Schedule Schedule of all Aggie games. 12th Man Shop The official Texas A&M store for gifts, football gear, apparel and Aggie merchandise. Give to Athletics Donate to Texas A&M Athletics. Menu Quicklinks & Search Close About Academics Admissions Research Campus & Community Athletics For You Make a Gift Visit Texas A&M How to Apply Quicklinks & Search Close Search this Site Search Search Logins Canvas Learning Management System Access classroom materials Howdy Portal Web portal to Texas A&M Services Texas A&M Gmail Access your student email Single Sign On (SSO) Access the faculty & staff portal Workday Human resources portal Resources Student and Employee Directory Campus Map Academic Calendar University Events Calendar University News Back to Main Menu Close About Discover who we are at Texas A&M University and learn what it means to be an Aggie. University Leadership Our Purpose and Values We strive to carry out our university’s mission and live by six core values. Facts We’ve compiled important facts and statistics about Texas A&M. University Leadership Our president and governing bodies guide our university. History of the University We remember Texas A&M’s roots and celebrate its milestones. Frequently Asked Questions We’ve gathered a list of common questions about Texas A&M. Traditions Our traditions celebrate the Aggie Family, past and present. Quicklinks Rankings & Recognitions Global Engagement News Campus Virtual Tour Back to Main Menu Close Academics Pursue your education as part of the Aggie Family. We have options for all interests, life phases and learning styles. Majors & Minors Colleges & Schools Texas A&M is home to 16 colleges and schools. Majors & Minors, Graduate Programs Our students have a vast selection of study areas to choose from. Education Abroad We offer programs that enable students to learn around the world. Campuses & Locations Texas A&M extends beyond College Station to locations across the globe. Academic Support We offer resources to ensure students’ academic success. Quicklinks Applicant Information Portal Tuition Calculator Info for Admitted Students Back to Main Menu Close Admissions Learn how to become the newest, loudest and proudest member of the Fightin’ Texas Aggies. How to Apply Request Information Apply as a Freshman Learn how to apply as a first-time college student. Apply as a Transfer Learn how to apply as a student previously enrolled at another college. Apply as a Graduate Learn how to apply to our graduate and professional schools. International Applicants Learn how to apply if you are not a U.S. citizen. Costs and Tuition We provided resources to help you understand Texas A&M’s costs and tuition. Financial Aid Texas A&M offers a variety of financial aid, such as scholarships and grants. Quicklinks Academic Calendar Honors Program University Libraries Course Catalogs Back to Main Menu Close Research Make a difference at one of the nation’s leading research institutions. Events for Researchers Research That Matters Our research is making an impact around the globe. Student Research Students have opportunities to be a part of life-changing research. Research in Colleges & Schools Our colleges and schools continuously work on field-specific research. Research Enterprise Researchers at Texas A&M collaborate to maximize their work’s impact. Research Facilities Our equipment, labs and facilities enable groundbreaking research. Quicklinks Research @ Texas A&M Division of Research Council of Principal Investigators Research Compliance & Biosafety Find Funding Back to Main Menu Close Campus & Community Discover what it’s like to live and learn in Aggieland. Our tight-knit community is rooted in tradition and service. University Events Parking & Transportation We have various options for parking and getting around campus. Housing Whether you plan to live on or off campus, we have resources for you. Dining Students have plenty of options for dining locations, menus and meal plans. Life in Aggieland There is a lot to do and see in Bryan-College Station. Campus Safety We have resources and emergency services to keep students safe. Aggie Traditions Texas A&M is rich in tradition that celebrates the Aggie Family, past and present. Aggie Culture Corps of Cadets Gameday Orientation Remembrance Back to Main Menu Close Athletics Texas A&M University is home of the 12th Man. 12th Man Website Sports Teams Texas A&M University athletics teams and programs. Schedule Schedule of all Aggie games. 12th Man Shop The official Texas A&M store for gifts, football gear, apparel and Aggie merchandise. Give to Athletics Donate to Texas A&M Athletics. Back to Main Menu Close For You Future Students Current Students Former Students Parents & Families Faculty Staff Veterans Howdy from Texas A&M University Texas A&M University is an engine of imagination, learning, discovery and innovation. Here, you'll learn essential career skills while discovering the rich values and time-honored traditions that make our university so special. Learn How to Apply Request Information View Colleges & Schools Visit Texas A&M First in Texas Texas A&M opened in 1876 as the state's first public institution of higher learning. Today, we are a research-intensive university dedicated to sending leaders out into the world prepared for tomorrow's challenges. Find out more about our university, including our history, leadership, mission and values. About Texas A&M In the News Texas A&M Today features news about our research, current students, and faculty and staff. Visit the website and sign up for our weekly newsletter. Visit Texas A&M Today Aggies Elect New Student Body President, Yell Leaders and Other Key Leaders The student body president for the 2024-25 academic year will be senior finance major Cade Coppinger from Fairview, Texas. Texas A&M Inducts Hagler Institute’s Class Of 2023-24 The ceremony formally welcomed 14 fellows and two distinguished lecturers, including Nobel laureates, an astronaut and National Academy-level scholars from around the world. 41@100 Countdown: 100 Days Until President George H.W. Bush’s 100th Birthday The George & Barbara Bush Foundation will honor the president's legacy of service June 11-13 with celebrations including the opening of the Marine One/4141 Locomotive Pavilion and performances by Robert Earl Keen and Lyle Lovett. Rich in Tradition Texas A&M's traditions unite our current and former students, build camaraderie and foster the Aggie Spirit. Learn About our Traditions Why Texas A&M? At Texas A&M, you'll receive a premier education at an affordable price. But being an Aggie is about more than your time in classrooms. It’s about becoming a member of one of the friendliest university communities. It means leading with integrity. And it involves joining some of the loudest, proudest fans in the Southeastern Conference. Explore 12 reasons to live and learn in Aggieland Here for Your Success Texas A&M provides the resources and support you need for a top-notch education. We're here to help you succeed and enjoy your college journey. Unique Student Experiences Make the most of your college experience while earning a degree. You can discover your interests, hone your skills and build friendships. We offer many ways to get involved, ranging from student organizations to outdoor adventures. Explore Student Life Academic Support You aren't on your own when it comes to adjusting to college life. Our university provides robust educational support programs tailored to your needs. No matter what your background or situation, we work to help you achieve your academic goals. Affordability A Texas A&M degree is a great investment that appreciates over time. Our university was named the Best Value School among public universities in Texas in 2024 U.S. News & World Report rankings. Financial Aid We work to make our life-changing education accessible to everyone. State and federal financial aid helped more than 72% of students at our main campus fund their college education in fiscal year 2023. If you're unsure of attending college because of costs, don't give up. Pursuing your dreams is within reach. Health and Wellness You don't have to leave campus to get medical or mental health services. We offer many resources to keep you well and help you perform at your best in your classes. Services include counseling, medical care, learning disability screenings and nutrition advice. Aggies Are Difference Makers As one of Texas A&M’s core values, selfless service is deeply ingrained in our culture. Aggies give of themselves to serve others in our state, our nation and our world. You can see it in our research efforts and community enrichment programs, which focus on making a real difference by solving problems, improving lives and benefiting communities. Enriching communities Texas A&M builds partnerships that help communities grow and prosper. We provide various types of education, boost economic growth and inspire innovation. Explore community enrichment programs Research that Matters Texas A&M researchers solve some of society's most critical challenges. Our bold research ideas lead to technologies and products that save lives. Learn more about our research Campus Events Mar 11 - 15, 2024 Spring Break All Day • College Station Have a fun and safe spring break, Ags! April 13, 2024 Physics & Engineering Festival All Day • Mitchell Physics Building & Mitchell Institute A fun and interactive event with demonstrations by student teams and Texas A&M professors. More Upcoming Events Mar 05 Savages and Princesses: The Persistence of Native American Stereotypes Mar 05 2024 McLane Leadership in Business Award: Johnny Morris, Founder and Lead Outfitter of Bass Pro Shops Mar 11 Spring Break Mar 27 Last Day to Apply - Spring Graduation May 01 Reading Day - No Classes View All Events Find your home in Aggieland Our vibrant local community offers a wide range of cultural, recreational and employment opportunities. Explore things to do on and around campus and see resources for living in our community. Explore Aggieland Ready to Learn More? If you're interested in becoming an Aggie, we want to hear from you and help you explore your interests. Sign up to receive admissions details, important announcements and special event invitations, and to learn more about life as an Aggie. Sign up to request information Learn how to apply At A Glance Campuses & Locations Colleges & Schools Majors & Programs Academic Resources Academic Calendar Course Catalogs Honors Programs University Libraries Campus Resources Calendar of Events Student and Employee Directory Mental Health Resources Contact Us Work at Texas A&M Emergency Information Physical Address Texas A&M University 400 Bizzell St. College Station, TX 77843 Texas A&M Entities Texas A&M at Galveston Texas A&M at Qatar The Texas A&M University System Transparency & Reporting Accreditation Accountability Accreditation Complaints Course Schedules, Syllabi & Faculty CVs Notice of Nondiscrimination Open Records Sexual Misconduct Policy Texas CREWS Title IX Reporting State Resources State of Texas Statewide Search Risk, Fraud & Misconduct Hotline State Link Policy Texas Veterans Portal © Texas A&M University Site Policies Accessibility