The Work of Byron Katie Join Byron Katie on Zoom, Monday–Wednesday Join » Home Events School Podcast Books 1-2-3 How To Home Events School Podcast Books 1-2-3 How To English Downloads AFRIKAANS | Afrikaans العربية | Arabic CHICHEWA | Chichewa 简体中文 | Chinese, Simplified 繁體中文 | Chinese, Traditional ČEŠTINA | Czech DANSK | Danish DEUTSCH | German EESTI | Estonian ΕΛΛΗΝΙΚΑ | Greek ENGLISH | English ESPAÑOL | Spanish فارسی | Farsi FRANÇAIS | French 한국의 | Korean עברית | Hebrew HRVATSKI | Croatian ITALIANO | Italian LATVIESU | Latvian LIETUVIU | Lithuanian MAGYAR | Hungarian македонски | Macedonian NEDERLANDS | Dutch 日本語 | Japanese NORSK | Norwegian PAPIAMENTU | Papiamentu POLSKI | Polish PORTUGUÊS | Portuguese ROMÂNĂ | Romanian РОССИЯ | Russian SHQIP | Albanian SLOVENČINA | Slovak SLOVENŠČINA | Slovenian SRPSKI | Serbian SUOMI | Finnish SVENSKA | Swedish TÜRKÇE | Turkish ייִדיש | Yiddish × Resources for doing The Work The Judge-Your-Neighbor Worksheet The Worksheet Download in English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Farsi Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Norwegian Papiamentu Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovene Spanish Swedish Turkish Yiddish For Kids For Teens Inquiry: The Four Questions and Turnarounds Yellow Card Download in English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Danish Dutch English Farsi Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovene Spanish Swedish Turkish One-Belief-At-A-Time Download in English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Farsi French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovene Spanish Swedish Turkish Support in Identifying Beliefs and Emotions Emotions List Download in English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Danish Dutch English French German Greek Spanish Hebrew Italian Japanese Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovene Swedish Turkish Universal Beliefs Download in English Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Danish Dutch English French German Greek Hebrew Italian Latvian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish An Introduction to The Work The Little Book Download in English Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chichewa Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovene Spanish Swedish Turkish Instructions Download in English Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Danish Dutch English Farsi French German Greek Hebrew Italian Japanese Latvian Macedonian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovene Spanish Swedish Turkish Byron Katie's The Work One-Two-Three Worksheet Packet Download in English Meet Your Internal Wisdom The Work is meditation. It is a method of inquiry born directly out of Byron Katie’s experience. This practice allows you to access the wisdom that always exists within you. Upcoming Events with Byron Katie At Home with BK A Zoom Event Monday-Wednesday 9 a.m.–10 a.m. Pacific Time Register Relationships A Zoom Event Monday February 19, 2024 9–11:15 a.m. Pacific Time Register Question Your Thinking • Change Your World Ojai, California Friday January 26, 2024 10 a.m.–2 p.m. Pacific Time Register Radical Wisdom Hosted by OmegaA Livestream Event Friday Sept. 16, 2022 8–10 P.M. Eastern Time Register Radical Wisdom Hosted by OmegaRhinebeck, NY Friday–Sunday Sept. 16–18, 2022 Register The Five-daySchool for The Workwith Byron Katie Monday–Friday March 18–22, 2024 The Center for The Work, Ojai, California FULL The Five-daySchool for The Workwith Byron Katie Monday–Friday April 15–19, 2024 The Center for The Work, Ojai, California FULL The Five-daySchool for The Workwith Byron Katie Friday–Tuesday Nov. 10–14, 2023 The Center for The Work, Ojai, California Waitlist Radical Wisdom Hosted by Omega Institute Friday–Sunday October 22–24, 2021 Rhinebeck, NY Register Being with Byron Katie A Going Deeper Experience Wednesday 11:30 a.m.–1:30 p.m. Pacific Time Register An Invitation to Inquiry Welcome to The Work I discovered that when I believed my thoughts I suffered, but when I didn’t believe them I didn’t suffer, and that this is true for every human being. Freedom is as simple as that. I found that suffering is optional. I found a joy within me that has never disappeared, not for a single moment. That joy is in everyone, always. And I invite you not to believe me. I invite you to test it for yourself. – Byron Katie Buy Now Revised Edition Loving What Is In 2003, Byron Katie first introduced the world to The Work with the publication of Loving What Is. Nearly twenty years later, Loving What Is continues to inspire people all over the world to do The Work; to listen to the answers they find inside themselves; and to open their minds to profound, spacious, and life-transforming insights. The Work is simply four questions that, when applied to a specific problem, enable you to see what is troubling you in an entirely different light. A Simple Yet Powerful Practice As we do The Work of Byron Katie, not only do we remain alert to our stressful thoughts—the ones that cause all the anger, sadness, and frustration in our world—but we question them, and through that questioning the thoughts lose their power over us. Great spiritual texts describe the what—what it means to be free. The Work is the how. It shows you exactly how to identify and question any thought that would keep you from that freedom. How to do The Work The Practice Every step of The Work is meditation. To begin, drop into stillness and observe what arises in the mind's eye. Now, allow The Work to work you. More Detailed Guidance Notice Who or what upsets, angers, or saddens you? Why? Recall a specific situation. Painful emotions are the temple bells that wake you up to tell you, "It's time to do The Work." Write Capture your stressful thoughts on a Worksheet using short, simple sentences. Once the mind is stopped on paper, thoughts remain stable and inquiry can easily be applied. Question Isolate and question one thought—allow authentic answers to arise. A question is an invitation to the mind, an opportunity to be shown what is true, beyond what we think we know. Turn It Around Find opposites of the thought. Are they as true as or truer than the original thought? The turnarounds give consciousness an opportunity to expand, rather than being stuck in a limited reality. Witness The Work Video Library Videos offer a way to become familiar with The Work. As you watch, be still and tune in to a similar moment in your life. Notice what arises in your mind. It is possible to do your own Work as you witness other people’s Work. You may come to find that there are no new stressful thoughts. No One Can Wrong Me Introduction to Inquiry Being Gay—A Journey into Self-Acceptance Relationships I Want Mom to be Happy Parenting and Family “Byron Katie’s Work is a great blessing for our planet. It acts like a razor-sharp sword that cuts through illusion and enables you to know for yourself the timeless essence of your being.” Eckhart Tolle “A spiritual innovator for the new millennium.” Time Magazine “Byron Katie has rocked my world and shaken loose my mind more thoroughly than any other spiritual teacher I’ve ever encountered, living or dead. Using her simple process called The Work, I have managed to liberate myself from thoughts and beliefs that had brought me years of suffering, and that I had honestly feared would never leave me.” Elizabeth Gilbert “Byron Katie is an immeasurable gift to the world.” Martha Beck “Beyond addressing/dissolving psychological tendencies such as anger and depression, The Work has the singular power to dissolve all beliefs. Undoing one belief at a time, its ultimate impact can dislodge the very center-pole of ego, leading to the realization of who or what we truly are. That is, The Work can bring us home to our true nature, which is universal love, profound wisdom, and freedom from all suffering. ” Jonathan Herrick, LCSW, psychotherapist and former Buddhist practitioner “Katie’s events are riveting. Her laser-like tough love burns away all illusions.” The Times of London Newsletter Sign-Up Name First Email CAPTCHAPlease enter the code.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. The Work How to do The Work FAQs Resources Do The Work Helpline Certified Facilitators Guided Meditation Downloads Events Events with Byron Katie Events with Facilitators Byron Katie About Books Event Invitation Interview Request The Work Foundation Please partner with us in our ongoing commitment to end suffering. Donate Here Contact © 2024 Byron Katie International, Inc. All rights reserved. • Privacy & Legal Statement