Roll20: Online virtual tabletop for pen and paper RPGs and board games Skip to Main Content Roll20 uses cookies to improve your experience on our site. Cookies enable you to enjoy certain features, social sharing functionality, and tailor message and display ads to your interests on our site and others. They also help us understand how our site is being used. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies. Update your cookie preferences here. × × Cookie Preferences Accept cookies We use Cookies to help personalize and improve Roll20. For more information on our use of non-essential Cookies, visit our Privacy Policy here. Play Now Join a Game Marketplace What's New Browse Give a Gift Redeem a Code D&D DM Starter Bundle D&D DM Starter Bundle by Wizards of the Coast Vecna: Eve of Ruin (Pre-Order) Vecna: Eve of Ruin (Pre-Order) by Wizards of the Coast Pathfinder Player Core Pathfinder Player Core by Paizo Cyberpunk RED Cyberpunk RED by R. Talsorian Games Tools Compendium Characters (previously Vault) Manage Audio Token Marker Library Roll20 Companion App D&D Hub Marvel Hub GM Hub Dungeon Scrawl Characters Create, Manage, and Play Characters Compendium Your System Come To Life Character Vault Create, Manage, and Play Characters Dungeon Scrawl Create Maps for your Games Community Blog Help Center Change Log Forums Community Wiki Live Stream VODs Ambassador Program Roll20 Help Center Roll20 Help Center Find your next game group! Find your next game group! Roll20 Reserve Roll20 Reserve DMsGuild: Now on Roll20 DMsGuild: Now on Roll20 Subscribe Preview the New Pathfinder Sheet Explore the developing PF2e sheet in Roll20 Characters and give feedback to shape what's next. Roll20 Characters: D&D + Candela Obscura D&D 5E + Candela Obscura sheets are now available in Roll20 Characters to create and manage outside the VTT. Character Vault is Now Roll20 Characters Create characters outside the VTT and make rolls in the sheet! Copy and move characters between games. Page Folders Now Available Organize and search your pages and maps! Use the Party Toolbox to manage multiple parties. See More Sign In Email address Password Sign in New around here? Sign up Forgot password? Sign In We Set the Table, You Play. Create Free Account Easily create characters, organize games, purchase content, find players, and customize your story for your group – all in your browser. Join over 10 million players and gms playing dungeons and dragons (and hundreds more systems) online The Complete Virtual Tabletop Roll20® is the most complete solution for digital play. Access character sheets, tokens, rulebooks, dice, and more - with powerful tools to automate the tedious stuff. Create Free Account Drag & Drop Monsters,Characters, & NPCs Add Suspense with Dynamic Lighting 1 2 3 4 5 Roll 3D Dice Integrated Video & Voice Interactive CharacterSheets Drag & Drop Monsters, Characters, & NPCs 1 Add Suspense with Dynamic Lighting 2 Roll 3D Dice 3 Integrated Video & Voice 4 Interactive Character Sheets 5 Sign Up Create your free account. Everything else is right in your browser - nothing to download or install. Choose a Game Build your own from scratch, buy a ready-to-play adventure in the Roll20® Marketplace, or join someone’s game. Invite Friends Share a link with your existing group or find a new party with the Join a Game feature. Play Start gaming! We’ve got you covered from basic rolls to advanced calculations, turn trackers to simple markers. Create Free Account Customizable Artwork Upload your own or choose from our Marketplace full of talented artists. Character Sheets Hundreds of sheets to automatically track and calculate character information, or build your own. Programming Scripts Automate tedious game mechanics: get hundreds of options you can add with one click. Create Free Account Customizable Artwork Upload your own or choose from our Marketplace full of talented artists. Character Sheets Hundreds of sheets to automatically track and calculate character information, or build your own. Programming Scripts Automate tedious game mechanics: get hundreds of options you can add with one click. Create Free Account Community Find people to round out your party, or start with a fresh pack of players. You can even find a game starting right away. All possible because of our huge and amazing community. Once you find them, it’s easy to play and connect with built-in video and voice chat, text chat, and integrated rolling. Create Free Account Blog Latest News Sign Up Play on Roll20® for Free Create Free Account Already have an account? Login. The Roll20 team is dedicated to enabling gamers to unite across any distance via our easy-to-use gaming tools. This means we strive to lessen the technical burden on the participants, facilitate the formation of new gaming groups, and to make barriers to entry as few as possible when gathering around a table for camaraderie. To accomplish these goals we seek to create a service that is sustainable and will be a resource to the gaming community as long as it is needed. © 2024 Roll20, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Service & Privacy Policy | DMCA Roll20® is a Registered Trademark of Roll20, LLC. All rights reserved. Support | Contact Us About Roll20 Marketplace The Roll20 Marketplace is the premiere online store for digital maps, tiles, tokens, and modules used in online tabletop gaming. Our assets are produced by independent artists and made available for the enjoyment of tabletop gamers worldwide. Stay Connected Stay connected with us via Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Twitch, and Instagram to hear the latest news. Become a Creator If you're interested in creating new assets (tokens, maps, or modules) for sale through the Marketplace, we have all the info you need on our Become a Creator page. © Roll20, LLC · Acknowledgements · Terms of Service & Privacy Policy · DMCA · Need Help? Visit our FAQ! · Careers · Careers · On Social Media: Roll20® is a Registered Trademark of Roll20, LLC. All rights reserved.