Lucy's Corsetry – A Comprehensive Resource for all things Corsets, Waist Training and Tightlacing MenuAccountSupportCorset DatabaseMy Cart Search for: Search $ 0.00 0 items Menu MenuAbout About Lucy (+ Measurements) FAQ & Contact Policies Work with Me Help, I’m lost! BlogShop Lucy's Corset Shop Cart Checkout My Account Sizing Help LucyBots (instant sizing calculators) Ebay Corset Finds Lucy's Closet (Deep Discounts!) Research Brands Official Corset Database Help, I’m lost! Corsetiere Map Guided Galleries Brands by Budget Waist Training Friendly Corsets What’s an Appropriate Waist Reduction For Me? Corset Benefits Physical Benefits of Corsets Mental / Emotional Benefits Societal Benefits of Corsets Corset Benefits: From the Community THE BOOK (now available!) Waist Training Guide Waist Training ArticlesVarious posts designed to help beginners understand the process of wearing corsets and give tips on how to start waist training. Youtube Waist Training Playlist Waist Training Before and After Physical Effects of Corseting Recommended Books/ Resources Corset DatabaseCartAll Corset Topics Everything Except Reviews Corset Reviews Corset Fitting / Sizing Help Waist Training Physical Effects of Corseting Fast Foundations Corset Seasoning Dressing with your Corset Further Reading Book Reviews Media Response General Information Yearly Reflections Interviews NewslettersFun & Games Corset Quizzes Corset Crossword Puzzles Corset Word Search Puzzles Corset Art About About Lucy (+ Measurements) FAQ & Contact Policies Work with Me Help, I’m lost! Blog Shop Lucy’s Corset Shop Cart Checkout My Account Sizing Help LucyBots (instant sizing calculators) Ebay Corset Finds Lucy’s Closet (Deep Discounts!) Research Brands Official Corset Database Help, I’m lost! Corsetiere Map Guided Galleries Brands by Budget Waist Training Friendly Corsets What’s an Appropriate Waist Reduction For Me? Corset Benefits Physical Benefits of Corsets Mental / Emotional Benefits Societal Benefits of Corsets Corset Benefits: From the Community THE BOOK (now available!) Waist Training Guide Waist Training Articles Youtube Waist Training Playlist Waist Training Before and After Physical Effects of Corseting Recommended Books/ Resources Corset Database Cart All Corset Topics Everything Except Reviews Corset Reviews Corset Fitting / Sizing Help Waist Training Physical Effects of Corseting Fast Foundations Corset Seasoning Dressing with your Corset Further Reading Book Reviews Media Response General Information Yearly Reflections Interviews Newsletters Fun & Games Corset Quizzes Corset Crossword Puzzles Corset Word Search Puzzles Corset Art SearchSearch Welcome to Lucy’s Corsetry! Last updated on August 13th, 2020 at 02:17 am “A Comprehensive Resource for Contemporary Corsets!” “You are democratizing corsetry and removing barriers…” “The Giver of the corset community.” Hi, I’m Lucy, I’m so glad you found my site! Lucy’s Corsetry is your one-stop shop – what started as a simple blog for corset reviews and “girl next door” corseting advice has now become one of the most in-depth and trusted corset lifestyle websites. My work includes a database for OTR corsets, an interactive corsetiere map and shopping guides for various specialty corsets, and a library for information on waist training, casual corset wear, and even corseting for medical needs. Feel free to explore the topics and categories, understand the process of lifestyle corseting, learn how corsets affect the body, and try out the quizzes and games! My goals are to educate and empower millions of people to find the perfect corset for their specific needs, and use corsets responsibly – and the tools, guides, and calculators found here are completely free. If you’d like to help support my ongoing project, consider purchasing a corset through my shop (which only carries corsets that I have personally vetted and approved), checking out my sponsors and affiliate links to the side, joining my Patreon for exclusive inside content, or scheduling a one-on-one consultation! Newest Corsets in Lucy's Shop Riverbank Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular $ 139.95 Select options Riverbank Cupped Corset, Gemini Silhouette, Long $ 134.95 Select options Harlequin Ruckus Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular $ 124.95 Select options Flowers in Summer Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Long $ 129.95 Select options Flowers in Summer Straight Corset, Gemini Silhouette, Regular $ 129.95 Select options Harlequin Ruckus Corset, Slim Silhouette, Long $ 129.95 Select options Harlequin Ruckus Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Long $ 129.95 Select options Beige Open Mesh Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular $ 124.95 Select options Black Open Mesh Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular $ 124.95 Select options Harlequin Ruckus Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular W/Hip Ties $ 124.95 Select options Crocus Delight Overbust, Slim Silhouette, Regular $ 139.95 Select options Crocus Delight Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Regular $ 124.95 Select options Crocus Delight Cupped Corset, Gemini Silhouette, Long $ 134.95 Select options Athena in Gold Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Short $ 107.95 Select options Valkyrie in Silver Corset, Hourglass Silhouette, Short $ 107.95 Select options Lucy’s Latest Blog Posts Conical vs Round Rib Corsets – How to choose the best silhouette for your body WHAT?! You just got finished reading through a dozen blog posts / watching an hour of corset videos on Youtube The X-Rays were ‘Doctored’ – Gibson’s Newest study exposes O’Followell’s Le Corset as a hoax Summary (TL;DR) Gibson states that the Le Corset (1908) does not stand the test of time. Not only because medical “Changes” to the Gemini Corset Size Chart Greetings everyone! Recently Timeless Trends and I agreed to change the measurements chart of the Gemini corset. To clarify, the The Perfect Lacing Length Calculator Earlier this year, I worked on a new calculator to determine the ideal length of lacing anyone needs for their How 15 years of Corset Training affected my Pregnancy Experience I compare my 15+ years of corset training experience with my one pregnancy experience, in 5 categories: organs, skeletal frame, Corset-Adjacent Garments: Modern Descendants of the Corset As any historian would attest, the corset was not merely a fashionable garment designed to shape the wearer into the 1 2 3 … 67 Older » Share this:FacebookTwitterTumblrRedditPinterestEmail Join the corset party on Patreon! My Patrons get early access to videos and a Facebook group, participate in livestream discussions, vote on video topics, and choose which corsets I review! Join for as little as $1 per month! Lucy's Corsetry on Patreon Solaced has a new look! Check out the Official Corset Benefits Book Solaced is a heartwarming 418-page anthology containing 101 real stories from real people about the medical benefits they experienced while wearing corsets. Now available in paperback!! Buy Solaced on Amazon HERE Choose a Corset Topic Book Reviews (13) Case Studies (14) Corset Fitting/ Sizing Help (24) Corset Reviews (166) Corset Seasoning Mini-Series (15) Dressing with your Corset (26) Fast Foundations (22) Further Reading (36) General information (90) Guided Galleries (17) Interviews (15) Media Response (3) Physical Effects of Corseting (43) Uncategorized (48) Waist Training Guide (8) Yearly Reflections (6) Affiliates The ads below contain affiliate links. If you click through the pictures and you happen to like and purchase anything, you are helping to keep LucyCorsetry online. :) Lucy’s Amazon Picks Amazon.com Widgets Copyright © 2023 Lucy's Corsetry. YOUTUBE Brands, Turnaround Time & Shipping Rates Site Policies Corset Reviews Physical Effects Popular Posts Let’s do business Latest Posts Conical vs Round Rib Corsets – How to choose the best silhouette for your body The X-Rays were ‘Doctored’ – Gibson’s Newest study exposes O’Followell’s Le Corset as a hoax “Changes” to the Gemini Corset Size Chart The Perfect Lacing Length Calculator How 15 years of Corset Training affected my Pregnancy Experience © Lucy's Corsetry 2023 DISCLAIMER: The entire contents of this website (as well as the contents in Lucy Corsetry's Youtube videos, and on other social media) are based upon the research, opinions and personal experience of Lucy Corsetry and others within the corset community. Please note that the content on this site is provided for information and sometimes entertainment purposes, and it is not intended as medical advice, nor does it replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified medical physician. The information herein is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any ailment. Lucy Corsetry strongly recommends that you consult with your trusted healthcare professional(s) before purchasing or using a corset for any reason, and ensure that your health and well-being is monitored regularly. Although some individuals may use corsets for therapeutic or corrective purposes, you should ensure that you yourself are in good physical condition before pursuing corset wear, and also understand that any form of body modification is not without risks. If you purchase or wear a corset for any reason, whether aesthetic, therapeutic or otherwise, you agree that you do so at your own risk, i.e. you agree that you are voluntarily participating in such activities, you assume all risk of injury to yourself, and you agree to release and discharge Lucy Corsetry from any and all claims or causes of action, known or unknown, arising out of Lucy Corsetry's negligence. Policies We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website