National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) - Transforming the understanding and treatment of mental illnesses Skip to main content Transforming the understanding and treatment of mental illnesses. Search the NIMH Website: Información en español Main navigation Mental Health Information Get Involved Research Funding News & Events About Us Health Topics NIMH offers expert-reviewed information on mental disorders and a range of topics. Statistics NIMH statistics pages include statistics on the prevalence, treatment, and costs of mental illness for the population of the United States. Brochures and Fact Sheets Download, read, and order free NIMH brochures and fact sheets about mental disorders and related topics. Help for Mental Illnesses If you or someone you know has a mental illness, there are ways to get help. Use these resources to find help for yourself, a friend, or a family member. Clinical Trials If you or a friend or family member are thinking about taking part in clinical research, this page contains basic information about clinical trials. Stakeholder Engagement Find out how NIMH engages a range of stakeholder organizations as part of its efforts to ensure the greatest public health impact of the research we support. Connect with NIMH Learn more about NIMH newsletters, public participation in grant reviews, research funding, clinical trials, the NIMH Gift Fund, and connecting with NIMH on social media. Digital Shareables Use these free education and outreach materials in your community and on social media to spread the word about mental health and related topics. Science Education Use these free digital, outreach materials in your community and on social media to spread the word about mental health. Upcoming Observances and Related Events Get Involved observances calendar Research Funded by NIMH NIMH supports research at universities, medical centers, and other institutions via grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements. Learn more about NIMH research areas, policies, resources, and initiatives. Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) The Division of Intramural Research Programs (IRP) is the internal research division of the NIMH. Over 40 research groups conduct basic neuroscience research and clinical investigations of mental illnesses, brain function, and behavior at the NIH campus in Bethesda, Maryland. Learn more about research conducted at NIMH. Priority Research Areas Learn about NIMH priority areas for research and funding that have the potential to improve mental health care over the short, medium, and long term. Resources for Researchers Information about resources such as data, tissue, model organisms and imaging resources to support the NIMH research community. Opportunities & Announcements Find all NIMH and cross-NIH funding opportunities. Funding Strategy for Grants Read more about the NIMH Strategic Plan for Research, Strategic Research Priorities, the anatomy of NIMH funding, and our yearly funding strategy for research grants. Application Process Explore the NIMH grant application process, including how to write your grant, how to submit your grant, and how the review process works. Managing Grants Learn about how NIMH manages research grants, including policies and reporting requirements. Clinical Research Find the latest NIH and NIMH policies, guidance, and resources for clinical research. Training Explore NIMH research training and career development opportunities. Small Business Research Learn about funding opportunities for small businesses. Quick Links Funding & Grant News Support for Clinical Trials at NIMH Science News List of NIMH science news including press releases, science updates and institute announcements. Meetings and Events Details about upcoming events—including meetings, conferences, workshops, lectures, webinars, and chats—sponsored by NIMH. Multimedia NIMH videos and podcasts featuring science news, lecture series, meetings, seminars, and special events. Social Media The latest information and resources on mental disorders shared on X, Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Press Resources Information about NIMH, research results, summaries of scientific meetings, and mental health resources. Email Updates Updates about mental health topics, including NIMH news, upcoming events, mental disorders, funding opportunities, and research. Innovation Speaker Series An annual lecture series dedicated to innovation, invention, and scientific discovery. Contact the Press Office 301-443-4536 NIMHpress@nih.gov About the Director Learn more about the Director of the NIMH, Joshua A. Gordon, M.D., Ph.D. Advisory Boards and Groups Read about the boards and groups that advise and provide guidance to the Institute. Strategic Plan The NIMH Strategic Plan for Research is a broad roadmap for the Institute’s research priorities over the next five years. Learn more about NIMH’s commitment to accelerating the pace of scientific progress and transforming mental health care. Offices and Divisions Learn more about the functions of each NIMH office and division. Budget Read the annual NIMH Congressional Justifications. Careers at NIMH Search for jobs, including scientific, administrative and executive careers at NIMH. Staff Directories Find the names, telephone numbers, email addresses, and office locations of NIMH staff. Getting to NIMH Find directions, maps, parking information, and other visitor information for NIMH. Quick Links Contribute to Mental Health Research Mobile navigation Mental Health Information Mental Health Information Home Health Topics Statistics Brochures and Fact Sheets Help for Mental Illnesses Clinical Trials Get Involved Get Involved Home Stakeholder Engagement Connect with NIMH Digital Shareables Science Education Upcoming Observances and Related Events Research Research Home Research Funded by NIMH Research Conducted at NIMH (Intramural Research Program) Funding Funding Home Opportunities & Announcements Strategy for Research Grants Grant Writing & Approval Process Managing Grants Clinical Research Research Training and Career Development Opportunities Small Business Research News & Events News & Events Home Science News Meetings and Events Multimedia Social Media Press Resources Email Updates Innovation Speaker Series About Us About Us Home About the Director Advisory Boards and Groups Strategic Plan Offices and Divisions Budget Careers at NIMH Staff Directories Getting to NIMH Celebrating 75 YearsResearch. Discovery. Hope.Explore our Events and Stories ​Health TopicsAnxiety DisordersAttention-Deficit/Hyperactivity DisorderAutism Spectrum DisorderBipolar DisorderBorderline Personality DisorderDepressionEating DisordersObsessive-Compulsive DisorderPost-Traumatic Stress DisorderSchizophreniaSuicide PreventionMore Topics Featured Topics From Breakthroughs to Best Practices: How NIMH Transforms Research Into Real-World Care FY 2024 Budget Fact Sheet Eating Disorders Awareness Week Science Updates Dr. Joshua Gordon to Step Down as Director of the National Institute of Mental Health February 29, 2024 Intervention Reduces Likelihood of Developing Postpartum Anxiety and Depression by More Than 70% February 27, 2024 Decades of Dedication and Collaboration: Unraveling the HIV Mystery January 29, 2024 Meetings and Events Mar 18 Amplifying Voices and Building Bridges: Toward a More Inclusive Future Mar 28 NIMH Intramural Research Program Training Opportunities Jun 05 NIMH Intramural Research Program Training Opportunities About NIMH Director of NIMH Joshua A. Gordon, M.D., Ph.D. NIMH Strategic Plan Read about our plan for the institute's research priorities. Inside NIMH Funding News for Current and Future NIMH Awardees. FundingFind NIMH funding opportunities and announcements, including those specific to clinical research and training, and learn more about NIMH funding strategies, the application process, and grants management.Read More Finding TreatmentIf you or someone you know has a mental illness, there are ways to get help. Use these resources to find help for yourself, a friend, or a family member.Read More Join A StudyLearn more about how to participate in outpatient and inpatient studies at the NIH Clinical Center, a hospital dedicated to the highest quality research.Read MoreFeatured Resources Brochures and Fact SheetsExplore NIMH brochures and fact sheets. En español. ResearchLearn more about our research areas, policies, resources, and initiatives.InvestigatorsLearn more about scientists, physicians, and clinicians in NIMH’s Division of Intramural Research Programs (IRP). RDoCLearn more about Research Domain Criteria Initiative (RDoC), a research framework that supports new ways of studying mental disorders. Social MediaConnect with Us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and LinkedIn. Support for Clinical TrialsLearn more about clinical trials and funding opportunity announcements. NIMH Information Resource CenterAvailable in English and español Phone: 1-866-615-6464 Live Online Chat: Talk to a representative Email: nimhinfo@nih.gov Hours: 8:30 a.m. – 5 p.m. ET, M-FMail: National Institute of Mental Health Office of Science Policy, Planning, and Communications 6001 Executive Boulevard, MSC 9663 Bethesda, MD 20892-9663 Follow UsInstagram‌ Facebook Linkedin Twitter YouTube Subscribe to NIMH Email UpdatesType email address... NIMH ResourcesTopic Finder Brochures and Fact Sheets Contact Us Información en españolPolicies and NoticesPrivacy Policy Website Policies FOIA Accessibility HHS Vulnerability DisclosureFederal ResourcesNational Institutes of Health (NIH) NIH Virtual Tour U.S. Department of Health and Human Services USA.govThe National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) is part of NIH, a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Top