Chilipad by Sleepme | Bed Cooling System & Cooling Mattress PadsSkip to Site Header Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer 300K+ Customers Experiencing Cooler Sleep 300K+ Customers Sleeping CoolNo More Hot, Sweaty Nights—Ever. No More Hot, Sweaty NightsStay Cool: Upgrade to a Chilipad® for Cooler Sleep Shop Chilipad® Sleep Systems Close Menu Sleep Systems Sleep Tracker Shop All Sleep Advice Sale Sleep Systems Sleep Systems Close Chilipad Dock Pro Most powerful & personalized system. Starting at $1149 $1099 Chilipad Cube Single temp. Set and forget it. Starting at Starting at $649 $599 Compare Systems Open user menu Never Sleep Hot Again Make your existing mattress cooler & save up to $100.* Shop the Sale Your browser had an error supporting this video Pause the video Testimonials Testimonial number 1 "Circulating water in a mattress pad to keep your bed at precise desired temperatures." Testimonial number 2 “...For the hottest sleepers who need a serious bed cooling solution.” Testimonial number 3 "Finally, you can bring your AC into your bed!" Testimonial number 4 "If turning your thermostat way down still leaves you sweating through your PJ's, try this mattress pad." Say Goodbye to Night Sweats Starting at $1,099 $1,149 State-of-the-art Technology Chilipad Dock Pro Most powerful & personalized All the benefits of the Cube plus: Rapid cooling & warming ChiliPad Pro mattress topper with enhanced comfort & performance Schedule temperature adjustments throughout the night Pairs with our non-wearable sleep tracker to provide real-time, AI-driven temperature adjustments Shop Dock Pro Starting at $599 $649 The Original Chilipad Cube Single temperature system Put Chilisleep on the map Temperature range of 60°F - 115°F Cool mesh mattress topper with circulating water On-device controls for simple temperature changes Simple to set up and 100% machine washable & dryable for easy cleaning Shop Cube Compare Sleep Systems We’ve helped over 300,000 customers... Never wake up sweaty again. 89% of sleepme customers say they sleep cool or neutral thanks to our sleep systems. Banish hot flashes & night sweats for good. Get the deep sleep they crave. 95% of sleepme customers report improved sleep while using our systems. Not surprising since science proves we sleep deeper when we sleep cool. Wake up rested & energized. 96% of sleepme customers use our systems year round as a sleep solution. Getting better sleep each night lowers anxiety and stress as well as a host of other health issues. Experience the Chilipad Dock Pro Sleep System Temperature regulated mattress topper Keep your current mattress. Our ultra-comfy, water-based cooling and warming mattress topper precisely controls your bed temperature ranging from 55-115°F, so you sleep at your ideal temperature. Your browser had an error supporting this video Pause the videoDesigned for one sleeper or two Do you and your sleep partner like to sleep at different temperatures? Stop fighting over the thermostat and explore our dual-zoned (WE) option instead. Only need temperature control for one side of the bed? Select a half-bed, single-zone option (ME) for about 50% of the price. Schedule automated temperature changes Schedule precise temperature changes to match your preferences for a warm or cool bed. Flip your “sleep switch” with warmth to trigger sleep, then schedule cool comfort for deep sleep support all night long. AI Temperature Adjustment Achieve your best sleep yet with our cutting-edge AI technology that automatically adjusts the temperature based on your sleep metrics in real-time. Simply connect with our Sleep Tracker and experience the ultimate personalized sleep environment. Your browser had an error supporting this video Pause the video Chilipad Sleep Systems Previous slide Next slide Chilipad Dock Pro Most powerful & personalized sleep tech - Was $1,149 Now $1,099 All the benefits of the Cube plus: Rapid cooling & warming 5X more thermal contact with an ultra comfy pro mattress topper Schedule temperature adjustments throughout the night Pairs with our non-wearable sleep tracker to provide real-time, AI-driven temperature adjustments Learn More Chilipad Cube Single temperature system - Was $649 Now $599 Temperature range of 60°F - 115°F Cool mesh mattress topper with circulating water On-device temperature controls Easy to set up and maintain Learn More Free shipping Shipping is Free to 48 Contiguous States Worry-Free Returns Experience a 30-night sleep trial with any of our bed cooling systems. Limited Warranty 1 Year Warranty on Sleep Systems Safe Checkout Safe & Secure Checkout Sleepme Blog Explore expert sleep and wellness content full of sleep tips for hot sleep relief, fitness strategies, individualized sleep coaching + recovery plans, and so much more. The Benefits of Sleeping at Cooler Temperatures Learn More Did you know that sleeping cool at night provides plenty of benefits? We'll take a look at the advantages and why you should be sleeping in cooler temperatures. Why Do I Get So Hot When I Sleep? Learn more Do you go to bed at a comfortable temperature and then sweat? Why does this happen? Does medication cause night sweats? Does anxiety lead to sweaty sleep? Find out all the answers and learn how to get a great night's sleep. How to Reduce Hot Flashes at Night Learn More Hot sleep? Sweaty sleep? For so many women, it must be the change-of-life night sweats. Why are menopause symptoms worse at night? Read more to see how countless women are experiencing relief from menopause symptoms. Previous slide Next slide Sign up to receive sleep tips, offers, and more. Enter Your Email Address Subscribe Resources MindfulnessWellnessBlog Company Cookie Preferences About UsCareersNewsroom Info AccessibilityWarrantyPatentsShipping & Returns Work With Us Brand PartnershipsBulk Sales Customer Support Support Have a Question? Visit our Sleepme customer support website in a new tab. Resources MindfulnessWellnessBlogCompany About UsCareersNewsroomInfo AccessibilityWarrantyPatentsShipping & ReturnsWork With Us Brand PartnershipsBulk SalesCustomer Support Support Link to the Sleepme Instagram account. Link to the Sleepme Twitter account. Link to the Sleepme YouTube account. Link to the Sleepme Facebook account. © 2024 Sleep Solutions Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | California Privacy Rights and Notice at Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information