Home | Combined Jewish Philanthropies Menu Donate Newsletter Log In Search Donate Newsletter Log In About Us Who we are Our community Our leadership Where your money goes How we allocate funds Who we support Our ratings Our financials Financial statements Annual allocations Partnerships Careers Work with Passion Live with purpose Make a bigger difference Contact us Our Work Antisemitism Initiative Anti-Poverty Initiative CJP Communal Security Initiative Report an incident Mental Health Social Justice (Tzedek) Homelessness Prevention Welcoming the Stranger A Caring Community Arts and Culture Future Generations Campus Initiatives Young Adults Families with Young Children Interfaith Couples & Families Campers and Teens Jewish Day Schools Israel and Global Jewry Organization Resources Our Impact Get Involved Sign up for CJP News JewishBoston.com Join a Group The Miriam Fund Families with Young Children Healthcare Professions Lawyers & Accountants Real Estate, Construction & Design Women's Philanthropy Young Adults Volunteer Travel & Missions Ways to Give Make a Donation Gifts of Stock or Mutual Funds Donor Advised Funds Endowment & Legacy Matching Gifts Grants Careers Careers at CJP Careers in the Community Post a Job Get Help We stand in solidarity with Israel. Fund information Latest news and updates We proudly stand in solidarity with our partner, the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism. #StandUpToJewishHate big hearts + big-picture thinking = A bigger difference. We’re raising and investing money and nurturing partnerships to build a purposeful, vital, and inclusive Jewish community. It's through the ongoing generosity of our donors and the strength of our relationships that we can make a difference by developing programs and funding partners that: Care for the most vulnerable Broaden and deepen Jewish engagement Foster healthy and thriving communities sowing the seeds of change Every donation helps our community grow. At CJP, we’re positioned to identify emerging needs, collaborate with partners, and work alongside community members to implement significant and lasting change. This collective approach and pooling of resources allows your individual contribution to make a wider impact. One seed can create a plant. Together, we can grow a garden. HIGHLIGHTING URGENT COMMUNITY NEEDS We're putting down roots for a strong Jewish future: Making mental health care accessible Together with our partners, we're filling critical gaps in care and working to destigmatize mental health across our community. Igniting connections through Spark Spark is our Greater Boston community voyage of discovery, connection, and fun in celebration of Israel's 75th Independence Day. Nurturing the next generation We're providing support, meaningful engagement opportunities, and outreach initiatives designed to meet families where they are. And our community is blooming: 0% of callers were matched with a therapist through the no-cost William James College Interface Referral Service, funded through Mental Health Access powered by CJP. 0+ Community members are slated to connect more deeply to our Greater Boston Jewish community and Israel through Spark trips and local events. 0 families with young children were engaged in programs like Welcome Baby!, PJ Library, and holiday events to connect them with our Jewish community. We are effecting change in Greater Boston, Israel, and around the globe. Help us create and sustain a strong Jewish future. Donate today A modernized memorial. Enhancements to Boston’s New England Holocaust Memorial (NEHM) bring more meaning, education, and accessibility to visitors — both in person and virtually. Explore → Your mental health matters. Join us on a journey toward feeling better. Mental Health Access powered by CJP can get you started on the right path — whatever that may be. Find out how → Read messages from Marc. Explore personal, poignant, and timely reflections from CJP’s President and CEO, Rabbi Marc Baker, in his biweekly email communication to our community. Read more → Our 2022–2023 Donor and Volunteer Recognition Report is out. From your hearts to our community, your generosity is changing lives for the better. Discover more about how donors and volunteers, like you, are helping to create a strong Jewish future. Read more → About Us Who We Are Where Your Money Goes Careers Our Financials CJP Code of Conduct Contact Us Partnerships Our Work Antisemitism Initiative Anti-Poverty Initiative CJP Communal Security Initiative Mental Health Social Justice (Tzedek) A Caring Community Arts and Culture Future Generations Israel and Global Jewry Organization Resources Get Involved Sign up for CJP News JewishBoston.com Join a Group Ways to Give Make a Donation Donor Advised Funds Gifts of Stock or Mutual Funds Endowment & Legacy Matching Gifts Grants Apply for Grants Careers Careers at CJP Careers in the Community CJP welcomes the participation of interfaith couples and families, and people of all abilities, backgrounds, and sexual orientations. Copyright © 2023 Combined Jewish Philanthropies of Greater Boston. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use