Business Guidance | Federal Trade Commission Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here's how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. English español Secondary Menu Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Menu Main Menu Mega Show/hide Enforcement menu items Enforcement We enforce federal competition and consumer protection laws that prevent anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair business practices. View Enforcement Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Take action Report an antitrust violation File adjudicative documents Find banned debt collectors View competition guidance Competition Matters Blog Competition Matters New HSR thresholds and filing fees for 2024 February 5, 2024 View all Competition Matters Blog posts Show/hide Policy menu items Policy We work to advance government policies that protect consumers and promote competition. View Policy Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Sections Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Take action Find policy statements Submit a public comment Feature Vision and Priorities Memo from Chair Lina M. Khan to commission staff and commissioners regarding the vision and priorities for the FTC. Learn more Technology Blog Technology Blog FTC Cracks Down on Mass Data Collectors: A Closer Look at Avast, X-Mode, and InMarket March 4, 2024 View all Technology Blog posts Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Advice and Guidance Learn more about your rights as a consumer and how to spot and avoid scams. Find the resources you need to understand how consumer protection law impacts your business. Take action Report fraud Report identity theft Register for Do Not Call Sign up for consumer alerts Get Business Blog updates Get your free credit report Find refund cases Order bulk publications Consumer Advice Shopping and Donating Credit, Loans, and Debt Jobs and Making Money Unwanted Calls, Emails, and Texts Identity Theft and Online Security Scams Business Guidance Advertising and Marketing Credit and Finance Privacy and Security By Industry For Small Businesses Browse Business Guidance Resources Business Blog Servicemembers: Your tool for financial readiness Visit militaryconsumer.gov Get consumer protection basics, plain and simple Visit consumer.gov Learn how the FTC protects free enterprise and consumers Visit Competition Counts Looking for competition guidance? Competition Guidance Show/hide News and Events menu items News and Events Latest News Press Release FTC Hosts March 5 Virtual Workshop on Private Equity in Health Care March 4, 2024 View News and Events Upcoming Event Mar05 FTC, Chicago Department of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection, and the BBB of Chicago webinar Tuesday, March 5, 2024 | 10:00AM View more Events Sections News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected Sign up for the latest news Follow us on social media Feature Playing it Safe: Explore the FTC's Top Video Game CasesLearn about the FTC's notable video game cases and what our agency is doing to keep the public safe. Latest Data Visualization FTC Refunds to Consumers Explore refund statistics including where refunds were sent and the dollar amounts refunded with this visualization. Show/hide About the FTC menu items About the FTC Our mission is protecting consumers and competition by preventing anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair business practices through law enforcement, advocacy, and education without unduly burdening legitimate business activity. Learn more about the FTC Sections Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Featured Meet the Chair Lina M. Khan was sworn in as Chair of the Federal Trade Commission on June 15, 2021. Chair Lina M. Khan Search Show/hide Search menu items Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. English español Secondary Menu Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Enforcement Show/hide Enforcement menu items Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Show/hide Policy menu items Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Advice and Guidance Show/hide Advice and Guidance menu items Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events Show/hide News and Events menu items News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected About the FTC Show/hide About the FTC menu items Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Enter Search Term(s): Looking for legal documents or records? Search the Legal Library instead. Business Guidance Bureau of Consumer Protection Business Center: Your go-to resource for advice on complying with FTC law. Questions about advertising, credit, privacy, security, tech, or FTC rules? The Business Center has nuts-and-bolts guidance for businesses, advertising professionals, and attorneys. Business Blog Business Blog New energy cost comparisons for TVs: What’s going on behind the screens? Lesley Fair March 5, 2024 There’s been a development in the world of television, but it has nothing to do with who’s starring or what’s streaming. It’s about an important consideration for consumers to keep in mind when shopping for a new TV – and helpful information businesses can provide to prospective customers. Business Blog Price fixing by algorithm is still price fixing Hannah Garden-Monheit and Ken Merber March 1, 2024 Business Blog PrivacyCon looks at latest research into AI, mobile device security, health privacy, deepfakes, and more Lesley Fair February 27, 2024 Business Blog H&R Block wiped out the tax data of consumers trying to choose a more affordable option, FTC alleges Lesley Fair February 23, 2024 View all Business Blog posts Get Business Blog updates Enter your email to subscribe to Business Center Blog Get the information you need for your business Advertising and Marketing Advertising and Marketing Basics Children Endorsements, Influencers, and Reviews Environmental Marketing Health Claims Made in USA Online Advertising and Marketing Telemarketing Credit and Finance Credit and Loans Debt Debt Collection FinTech Mortgages Payments and Billing Privacy and Security Children's Privacy Health Privacy Consumer Privacy Credit Reporting Data Security Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act Red Flags Rule Data Privacy Framework Privacy Shield U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework Tech By Industry Alcohol Appliances Automobiles Clothing and Textiles Finance Franchises, Business Opportunities, and Investments Funerals Human Resources Jewelry Non-Profits Real Estate and Mortgages Tobacco For Small Business As a small business owner, you have a lot on your mind. You can’t afford to lose time or money to scammers or a compromised network. We can help you avoid scams, protect your computers and networks, keep your customers’ data safe – and protect your bottom line. Cybersecurity for Small Business Protecting Small Businesses: Cases Featured Resources The Business Center provides plain-language guidance to help businesses understand their responsibilities and comply with the law. Using Consumer Reports: What Landlords Need to Know Landlords, property managers, or other housing providers: If you run tenant background checks using companies that compile background information, consider your legal responsibilities under the Fair... FTC's Endorsement Guides: What People Are Asking Answers to questions people are asking about the FTC’s Endorsement Guides, including information about disclosing material connections between advertisers and endorsers. The brochure also addresses... Collecting, Using, or Sharing Consumer Health Information? Look to HIPAA, the FTC Act, and the Health Breach Notification Rule Does your business collect, use, or share consumer health information? When it comes to privacy and security, consider the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; the HIPAA Privacy... FTC CARS Rule: Combating Auto Retail Scams – A Dealers Guide The primary purpose of the FTC’s CARS Rule is to add truth and transparency to the car buying or leasing process by making it clear that certain deceptive or unfair practices are illegal – for example... View more resources Latest in Business in the Legal Library Latest in Business in the Legal Library Prepared Statement of the FTC on Repair Restrictions Before the Committee on Business Affairs & Labor in the Colorado General Assembly Automators SuperGoodDeals.com, Inc. Browse the Legal Library Search or browse the Legal Library Find legal resources and guidance to understand your business responsibilities and comply with the law. Browse legal resources Search small Search Featured Videos The Business Center provides plain-language guidance to help businesses understand their responsibilities and comply with the law. Monitor Your Service Providers Debt Collection Protecting Your Business From Fraud Cybersecurity Basics for Small Business Return to top Menu Secondary Menu Report Fraud Sign Up for Consumer Alerts Search the Legal Library Main navigation Enforcement Cases and Proceedings Premerger Notification Program Merger Review Anticompetitive Practices Rulemaking Statutes Competition and Consumer Protection Guidance Documents Warning Letters Consumer Sentinel Network Criminal Liaison Unit FTC Refund Programs Notices of Penalty Offenses Competition Matters Blog Policy Advocacy and Research Advisory Opinions Cooperation Agreements Federal Register Notices Reports Public Comments Studies Testimony Policy Statements International Advice and Guidance Consumer Advice Military Consumer Consumer.gov Business Guidance Competition Guidance Bulk Publications News and Events News Events Features Topics Data and Visualizations Contests Stay Connected About the FTC Mission History Commissioners and Staff Bureaus and Offices Budget and Strategy Office of Inspector General Careers at the FTC Contact Footer Privacy Policy Policy and Notices Accessibility FOIA No FEAR Act Office of Inspector General USA.gov