Paris Review - Writers, Quotes, Biography, Interviews, Artists Advertisement The Paris Review Subscribe Sign In Remember me Forgot password? Sign In Subscribe The Daily The Latest Columns The Quarterly Issues Interviews Fiction Poetry Letters & Essays Art & Photography Authors Podcast About History Opportunities Masthead Prizes Submissions Media Kit Bookstores Events Donate Donate to The Paris Review Institutional Support THE SPRING REVEL Newsletters Store The Paris Review The Daily The Latest Columns The Quarterly Issues Interviews Fiction Poetry Letters & Essays Art & Photography Authors Podcast About History Opportunities Masthead Prizes Submissions Media Kit Bookstores Events Donate Donate to The Paris Review Institutional Support THE SPRING REVEL Newsletters Store Sign In Remember me Forgot password? Sign In Subscribe On the Daily The Institute for Illegal Images By Erik Davis On the Daily Prince and the Afterworld: Dorothea Lasky and Tony Tulathimutte Recommend By The Paris Review On the Daily Fixer Upper: Larry McMurtry’s Library By Colin Ainsworth On the Daily Good Manners By Hebe Uhart See More Stories In the Current Issue Advertisement Sign Up for Our Newsletter Sign up for the Paris Review newsletter and keep up with news, parties, readings, and more. Advertisement The Walk Book By Sean Thor Conroe “I’m only able to really get going once I stop trying to seek a way out.” In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Letters & Essays Donate to The Paris Review By The Paris Review The Paris Review promotes the most exciting writers of the day and supports inquisitive readers the world over. Donate My Friend Ellis By Geoffrey Mak February 27, 2024 “Over dumplings, we distinguished the varieties of the suicidal impulse: fatigue, boredom, panicked helplessness, deluded martyrdom, a relief from pain.” The Daily First Person Hostess By Fiona McFarlane “I was afraid she’d look at me as if I were a perfect stranger who had nothing to do with her and never would.” In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Fiction The Art of Poetry No. 115 By Louise Glück “Anyone who writes is a seeker. You look at a blank page and you’re seeking. That role is assigned to us and never removed.” In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Interviews Advertisement July Notebook, 2018 By Daniel Poppick February 26, 2024 “Plants are so self-referential.” The Daily Diaries Interiors By Claudia Keep In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Art & Photography Dark Pattern By Harryette Mullen “I affirm my devotion to your ingenious application, allowing you to track my whereabouts across all devices.” In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Poetry Stump of the World By Madeline ffitch “No one wanted to notice a road, a potato, a banana, a mother. If they didn’t notice it, it meant it was working.” In the Current Issue, Issue 246 Fiction Subscribe Support Contact Us Events Media Kit Submissions Masthead Prizes Bookstores Opportunities Video ©2024 The Paris Review. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions