Follett School Solutions | PreK-12 Education Technology, Products, and Services Content Solutions Software Solutions Services Library Products Build your print and digital collection with Titlewave. Classroom Products Follett is your go-to partner for books and other resources to support your students. Publisher Spotlight Explore popular content, resources, and promotions from some of the top publishers in the industry. Destiny Suite Track and manage all school and district resources to ensure all students have the resources they need to achieve academic success. Aspen Student Information System Collect, analyze, and report on student grades, attendance, social and emotional well-being. Accessit Library Discover, manage, and track library resources with this flexible and secure library management system. Classroom Library Manager A free tool you can use for keeping your classroom library organized. Follett App Store Download mobile versions of your Follett School Solutions apps. Software Partners Our API Partner Program and third-party connector suite. Cloud Hosting Managing Follett Destiny just got easier with our exclusive hosting service. Aspen Student Information System We guide you every step of the way in the installation, training, customization, software support, and reporting needs. Library Services Our wide selection of specialized services at Follett can help make your library a center for learning and discovery. Destiny Library Manager Training opportunities for librarians, library staff, and library administrators that will help you learn how to use our software to maximize your library’s rich resources. Classroom Services Reclaim your time, so you can focus on what really matters. Destiny Resource Manager Track your resources and keep tabs on valuable assets with the support from the Follett Team. Publisher Marketing Advertising opportunities to reach your desired educator audience through innovative marketing programs. ASPEN TITLEWAVE DESTINY DISCOVER Inspire Learning Share Since 1873, educators have trusted Follett as a partner in the mission to build confident, independent, and well-rounded students.For administrators, Follett-powered technology can help you track investments, maximize resources, and tap into student data. For librarians, Follett can help you build a diverse collection of print and digital resources that support every student. For teachers, the Follett universe of materials includes curated, standards-aligned, and customizable tools, plus an extensive selection of the books kids want to read.From content to technology, Follett helps educators unlock potential in more than 45 million students worldwide. Learn more on how we support librarians, teachers, technology admins, curriculum leaders, superintendents, principals, and heads of school. Webinars How Follett Can Support EducatorsFollett empowers PreK-12 educators with content, technology, and services designed to help schools and districts reach their goals. Librarians Follett advocates for librarians as leaders, ensuring the library is central to a future-ready world. Learn More Teachers Follett is a single, go-to, do-more source for the classroom. Learn More Superintendents, Principals, and Heads of School Follett-powered technology can track investments, maximize use of resources, and help you to support the whole student. Learn More Technology Admins Follett offers a suite of technologies that combine to provide your organization with a complete path to realize district success. Learn More Free SEL Resources for Faculty and Staff Visit our new Educator SEL resource page and dive into tools to strengthen connections among students, staff, and families that you can use all year long. Learn More Educators Access some of the best content and resources from the top publishers in the industry. You can also find your favorite authors, hot topic book lists, and much more. Learn More Early Learning Support Find the tools and resources you need to best support early learners. Shop books that introduce phonics, manipulatives that promote play-based learning, read-alouds that build classroom community, and so much more. Explore Now Remote eLearning ResourcesHelp with free eLearning and distance learning tools and resources for teachers, librarians, district administrators, and parents. View eLearning resources. >> Social & Emotional Learning From relationship building to managing and understanding emotions, these resources are perfect for instilling empathy and responsibility in students. Learn more and view SEL resources. >> Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Expose students to the stories and voices of different cultures, abilities, backgrounds, locations, and identities. Learn more and view our resources for diversity. >> Genre Solutions Create a library space that gives students easy access to books they love with the ability to explore new genres with ease, thus freeing you up to provide greater assistance to students in need. Learn about genres. >> International In more than 180 countries, we help educators manage their libraries, get exciting new content, and encourage student development worldwide. Learn about our global reach. >> Parochial SchoolsWe’re ready to meet the unique needs of your parochial school with books and resources that support your students’ academic as well as spiritual learning.Learn about parochial school resources. >> Follett gives back.We’re committed to supporting the communities we serve through charitable giving, volunteer efforts, and more. Follett strives to make a positive impact on the lives of educators, students, and society at large. Follett Educational FoundationThe Follett Educational Foundation was established by the Follett family four generations ago to support the sons and daughters of Follett associates as they pursue higher education.Book Donations and MoreFollett is always ready to help schools and other educational organizations. We donate approximately $250,000 worth of good-willed books and materials each year to schools in need of quick replenishment following a disaster.Follett is also a proud supporter of Bernie’s Book Bank, donating more than 70,000 books annually. Follow Us Follett School Solutions 1340 Ridgeview Dr, McHenry, IL 60050 Titlewave Destiny Hardware Careers & Jobs Follett Community Sales: 877.899.8550 Support: 888.511.5114 Copyright © 2024 Follett School Solutions, LLC Home Terms Privacy Policy Notice to Vendors Contact Content Solutions Library Products Classroom Products Publisher Spotlight Software Solutions Destiny Suite Aspen Student Information System Accessit Library Classroom Library Manager Follett App Store Software Partners Cloud Hosting Services Aspen Student Information System Library Services Destiny Library Manager Classroom Services Destiny Resource Manager Publisher Marketing About About Follett Advocacy Careers & Jobs Funding News Inspiration Freebies Sale Catalogs Newsletters Blogs Success Stories Videos Connect Contact Us Training & Support Product Help Centers Webinars Here to Help Librarians Superintendents & Principals Teachers Technology Admins Learning Redefined