Hurstwic Viking Combat Viking Combat Research Resources Shop About Contact Events! Save the date: a festival featuring Hurstwic's latest Viking combat research is planned July 5-7, 2024. More details later. NEW! A new Hurstwic article on The Importance of Seating in Viking Society. Your seat revealed who you were and your place in society.. New additions to Hurstwic's Recent Media Appearances page. A final report on Hurstwic's experiments in Viking-age iron smelting in Iceland has been published. Hurstwic was interviewed by Noah Tetzner on his History of Vikings podcast on topics ranging from Norse gods and combat to what poetic kennings teach us about weapons use. A video interview with Hurstwic by Dan Sanz on his martial arts channel Art of One Dojo, talking about Hurstwic's Viking combat research Two new videos about glíma from Hurstwic: Sýsluglíma, a form of wrestling used from ancient to modern times to addresses a bizarre problem and Fanghella, on the Viking-age wrestling stones used to break the back of an opponent. A video guided tour of the special exhibit on Viking-age iron smelting now on display at the National Museum of Iceland, based on Hurstwic's research in this field. Now available: a new book detailing Hurstwic's research on Viking combat. Men of Terror, A Comprehensive Analysis of Viking Combat (Westholme 2021) is a richly illustrated interdisciplinary study of the heart of Viking society: weapons and combat and is based on more than two decades of research at Hurstwic. The book takes its title from a runestone raised 1000 years ago in Denmark in memory of a man named Fraði, who is called the "first among Vikings" and a "terror of men." The authors present a holistic picture of Fraði's society from what has previously been only disparate and intriguing parts. Order it now from your favorite book seller. Viking-age History, Culture, and Society Learn more about Viking-age topics using on-line articles and other documents created by Hurstwic. Whether you are a scholar, a student, or just have a casual curiosity about Vikings, we think you'll find something of interest here. The Saga of Hurstwic Read our story about Hurstwic came to be: the Saga of Hurstwic. Hurstwic Research Hurstwic has developed a unique, science-based approach to researching Viking-related topics, which will be the subject of a future web article and is outlined in a lecture now on-line that we gave at the National Museum of Iceland. In our research, we have encountered many traps and pitfalls in the field of Viking research.An example is our research into Viking-age iron smelting, a project that culminated in an iron-msaking festival at Eiríksstaður in Iceland, and a special exhibit on Viking-age iron-making featuring our research now open at the National Museum of Iceland through 2024. Hurstwic Media On-line Video and audio of Hurstwic interviews, lectures, and presentations, both from various media appearances, and also from Hurstwic’s Heathen Study Group Lecture Series (now, sadly, at an end). We are Hurstwic! Read the story of our journey to this point: our pitfalls and wrong turns and backtracks to reach this point in time, and the document More About Us that showcases our recent accomplishments. ©1999-2024 William R. Short and Hurstwic, LLC Last update: 2-February-2024 Contact us at Hurstwic, LLC Privacy Statement: The Hurstwic website, hurstwic.com, does not use cookies. Hurstwic does not collect data about our users. Hurstwic uses third-party websites to fulfill orders for Hurstwic goods and services, and these websites have their own privacy policies. Please contact us if you have questions or comments.