Advisory Board BOLD PREDICTIONS FOR HEALTHCARE IN 2024 Get insights to take control of the forces shaping the industry. Learn more Latest research Events & Webinars Daily Briefing Account Settings Logout Create an Account Login Become a Member Manage Account Logout Manage Account Logout Become a Member Thank you! Your updates have been made successfully. Oh no! There was a problem with your request. Error in form submission. Please try again. Email address Password Forgot password Login Create an Account FEATURED INSIGHTS Behavioral health Site-of-care shifts Specialty care State of the healthcare industry The workforce crisis Value-based care View all featured insights RESOURCES BY SECTOR Digital health Health plans Hospitals and health systems Medical device Physicians and medical groups Purchased and professional services View all sectors NEWS & INSIGHTS Daily Briefing Radio Advisory Advisory Board tools PRODUCTS & SERVICES Research Membership Events Expert Support Advisory Board Fellowship On-Demand Courses Sponsorship FEATURED CONTENT Expert Insight Bold predictions for healthcare in 2024 Get three predictions for how healthcare leaders must adapt and strategize to thrive in the evolving industry. AskAdvisory Our direct-to-expert service is here to help you navigate your membership, our research, and your most pressing challenges in healthcare. No question is too big or too small. February 28, 2023 Bold predictions for healthcare in 2024 Healthcare is undergoing seismic shifts that will change where care is delivered, who delivers it, and how it is paid for. From the influence of ecosystem players to the role of technology on the care team, get three predictions for how healthcare leaders must adapt and strategize to thrive in the evolving industry. More on the state of healthcare Research 11 Things CEOs Need to Know in 2024 Uncover the essential insights that will empower healthcare executives to make strategic choices for success in 2024 and beyond. Market Insights 6 priorities for health system strategists in 2024 We surveyed strategic planners to find out their top priorities for 2024 and where they are focusing their energy to achieve growth and sustainability. Have a question for us? AskAdvisory can help connect you with our research, our experts and understanding your membership. Try AskAdvisory now WHAT'S TRENDING Case Study How Allegheny Health Network's Blended Nursing Model Addresses Staffing Shortages Learn how AHN reorganized nursing staff to optimize care delivery and employee experience. Expert Insight The best AI strategy isn't about AI Uncover three different ways organizations are approaching AI and which pitfalls to look out for. Expert Insight The 5 biggest weight management drug questions Learn how the new generation of weight management medications differ from past iterations and understand their potential impacts. OUR SERVICES Research Membership Get timely, unfettered access to deep insights on healthcare's most pressing issues, industry sector dynamics, and stakeholder perspectives. Events Our exclusive roundtables and topical summits will connect you with other top leaders and prepare you to tackle your top challenges. Expert Support Whether you're looking for topic-based presentations or dedicated help on a challenge you're facing, our expert support gives you access to healthcare specialists who match your time and needs. Advisory Board Fellowship Join our advanced executive development program. On-Demand Courses Our self-directed, on-demand video courses close the knowledge gap on all things healthcare. Sponsorship Grow your brand, elevate your thought leadership, and get in front of your target audiences with Advisory Board Sponsorship. Together we can make healthcare better Learn about membership Providers Payers Life Sciences Digital Health Companies Suppliers Other Stakeholders Infographic Healthcare: An Industry Under Pressure Find out what you need to know about the top forces shaping our industry as you set strategic priorities for 2023 and beyond. Expert Insight There are 4 types of burned out physicians — here's how to tailor your strategy for each one We profiled Ochsner Health's structured debriefing program during our workforce recovery research — here’s what we learned. Resource Library Population health cheat sheets Download our cheat sheets to get smart on population health basics — fast. Infographic How health insurers are diversifying their revenue streams See the revenue breakdown by segment for six of the largest national health insurers to see what's driving their bottom lines. Research 9 data-driven insights on senior preferences when selecting a Medicare Advantage plan We surveyed 1397 seniors to understand what matters most to consumers when selecting a Medicare product. Our Take A new era of payer-provider relationships Learn how payers can take a physician-focused, data-driven approach to advancing strategic priorities. Research What should life sciences leaders be monitoring this year? Get our take on 7 trends shaping life sciences strategies in 2023. Research 5 PBM Strategies to watch Understand pharmacy benefit managers' priorities and initiatives. Research How a broad view of value will impact health system drug and device purchasing See takeaways from our survey of value analysis and P&T committee leaders. Research 4 leaders (and 3 followers) in today’s digital health market Understand how industry stakeholders are using digital health — and what they might do next. Expert Insight 3 things technology should (or shouldn't) do to support clinical staff Learn about the promising technologies in the market for supporting clinicians. Our Take How AI and automation can help clinicians practice at top-of-license Learn three key ways AI is already working to enable top-of-license practice. Expert Insight Supply chain disruptions have evolved — what that reveals about how to increase resilience Learn how supply chain challenges have evolved and identify ways to prevent future disruptions from affecting patient care. Research ASC Purchaser Archetypes Get Actionable guidance for suppliers and service providers partnering with the growing ASC market. Expert Insight 5 key takeaways from Advisory Board's site-of-care shift summit We convened over 400 leaders to discuss site-of-care shifts. Here’s what we learned. Research Tactics for employers to build a stronger behavioral health system Understand employers’ unique role in advancing long-term, equitable change in behavioral health. Expert Insight Your biggest questions about private equity investment in physician practices, answered PE investment in physician practices has increased over the recent years — here’s what you need to know. Expert Insight 4 ways governments are responding to the global workforce shortage crisis, and how providers should respond Learn about the health policies being implemented to address the staffing crisis. OUR MISSION At Advisory Board, we excel at digging into the areas in healthcare that desperately need progress, distilling the complex into simple, powerful insights that open minds and inspire action. For over 40 years, our experts have embedded themselves in all aspects of the industry to understand the issues healthcare leaders face firsthand and develop implementable solutions that take the full continuum of care into consideration. When a group of people unite around a shared passion and pursuit for making healthcare work better, driving progress isn’t just the goal. It’s the inevitable. Join us. Let’s reimagine healthcare, together. 40+ Years 4,500+ Partners 200+ Experts 42,500 Original Articles We help leaders and future leaders in the healthcare industry work smarter and faster by providing provocative insights, actionable strategies, and practical tools to support execution. Resources All Resources Daily Briefing Events Company About us Our History Experts Products Sponsorship Careers Support AskAdvisory Contact Us FAQs Social Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Don't miss out on the latest Advisory Board insights Create your free account to access 2 resources each month, including the latest research and webinars. Create Account Sign in to your account Want access without creating an account? Get Limited Access You have 2 free members-only resources remaining this month remaining this month. View this resource 1 free members-only resources remaining this month Become a Member 1 free members-only resources remaining this month Create Account You've reached your limit of free monthly insights Become a member to access all of Advisory Board's resources, events, and experts Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Become a Member Benefits include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox Become a Member You've reached your limit of free monthly insights Become a member to access all of Advisory Board's resources, events, and experts Never miss out on the latest innovative health care content tailored to you. Create Account Become a Member Benefits include: Unlimited access to research and resources Member-only access to events and trainings Expert-led consultation and facilitation The latest content delivered to your inbox Thank you! Your updates have been made successfully. Oh no! There was a problem with your request. Error in form submission. Please try again.