Travel Manitoba, Canada: Start Planning Your Trip Skip to content 0 Saved Tourism Industry Travel Media Meetings & Conventions Travel Trade Email Signup ShopMB FREN Things To Do < Back Spring & Summer < Back Beaches & Boating Paddling Fishing Golf Hiking & Biking Trails Camping Road Trips Indigenous Experiences Urban Escapes Stunning Stays Northern Manitoba Fall & Winter < Back Dog Sledding Ice Fishing Snowmobiling Skiing & Snowboarding Arts, Culture & History Outdoor Adventures Urban Escapes Stunning Stays Indigenous Experiences Northern Manitoba Arts, Culture & History < Back Canadian Museum For Human Rights French Manitoba Historic Places Indigenous Experiences Museums Performing Arts Public Art Galleries Equipment Rentals Family Fun Outdoors < Back Parks Wildlife Viewing Fishing Northern Lights Beaches & Boating Camping Dog Sledding Golf Hiking & Biking Trails Horseback Riding Paddling Skiing & Snowboarding Snowmobiling Manitoba Adventure Dog Northern Lights Polar Bears Beluga Whales Recreation & Gaming Shopping Spas & Wellness Sports Tours Events Food & Drink < Back Peg City Grub Places To Go < Back Winnipeg Churchill Eastern Region Central Region Interlake Region Parkland Region Western Region Manitoba North Must-See Destinations < Back Brandon Clear Lake Country Flin Flon Gimli Morden-Winkler Neepawa Portage La Prairie St. Boniface The Pas / OCN Thompson Whiteshell Itineraries < Back Island Getaway on the Prairies Wheat City Wanderings in Brandon Escape to the water and the wild St. Boniface Winter: Passion and History Follow the path to a story in Neepawa Unleash your inner Viking this winter Explore Clear Lake this winter like never before Breathe in the Whiteshell this winter Go North for a boreal forest escape Treaty Areas Where To Stay < Back Bed & Breakfasts Cabins & Cottages Campgrounds & RV Parks < Back Private Campgrounds Provincial Campgrounds Fishing & Hunting Lodges Hotels & Motels Unique Stays < Back oTENTiks Vacation Farms Yurts Travel Deals Trip Essentials < Back About Manitoba < Back History Educational Resources Email Signup < Back Update Your Information Visitor Guides < Back Visitor Guides Request Form Visitor Information Centre Manitoba Explorer App < Back How To Play Frequently Asked Questions Know Before You Go Contact Us #ExploreMB Blog Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest Tiktok Navigation Options FREN Things To Do < Back Spring & Summer < Back Beaches & Boating Paddling Fishing Golf Hiking & Biking Trails Camping Road Trips Indigenous Experiences Urban Escapes Stunning Stays Northern Manitoba Fall & Winter < Back Dog Sledding Ice Fishing Snowmobiling Skiing & Snowboarding Arts, Culture & History Outdoor Adventures Urban Escapes Stunning Stays Indigenous Experiences Northern Manitoba Arts, Culture & History < Back Canadian Museum For Human Rights French Manitoba Historic Places Indigenous Experiences Museums Performing Arts Public Art Galleries Equipment Rentals Family Fun Outdoors < Back Parks Wildlife Viewing Fishing Northern Lights Beaches & Boating Camping Dog Sledding Golf Hiking & Biking Trails Horseback Riding Paddling Skiing & Snowboarding Snowmobiling Manitoba Adventure Dog Northern Lights Polar Bears Beluga Whales Recreation & Gaming Shopping Spas & Wellness Sports Tours Events Food & Drink < Back Peg City Grub Places To Go < Back Winnipeg Churchill Eastern Region Central Region Interlake Region Parkland Region Western Region Manitoba North Must-See Destinations < Back Brandon Clear Lake Country Flin Flon Gimli Morden-Winkler Neepawa Portage La Prairie St. Boniface The Pas / OCN Thompson Whiteshell Itineraries < Back Island Getaway on the Prairies Wheat City Wanderings in Brandon Escape to the water and the wild St. Boniface Winter: Passion and History Follow the path to a story in Neepawa Unleash your inner Viking this winter Explore Clear Lake this winter like never before Breathe in the Whiteshell this winter Go North for a boreal forest escape Treaty Areas Where To Stay < Back Bed & Breakfasts Cabins & Cottages Campgrounds & RV Parks < Back Private Campgrounds Provincial Campgrounds Fishing & Hunting Lodges Hotels & Motels Unique Stays < Back oTENTiks Vacation Farms Yurts Travel Deals Trip Essentials < Back About Manitoba < Back History Educational Resources Email Signup < Back Update Your Information Visitor Guides < Back Visitor Guides Request Form Visitor Information Centre Manitoba Explorer App < Back How To Play Frequently Asked Questions Know Before You Go Contact Us #ExploreMB Blog Tourism Industry Travel Media Meetings & Conventions Travel Trade Email Signup ShopMB Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest Tiktok Canada's heart is calling Your heart needs travel. It doesn't matter where you're from or your age or ability, your heart needs travel. So follow your heart and whatever it needs to the middle of Canada. Here, a 100-kilometer-wide sunset over a mirror lake makes everything else disappear. Here, a rib-crushing hug chases the cold from a winter day. Here, a fiddle contest gets your toe tapping. Here, the rhythm of a jingle dress dance comforts your spirit. Every heart needs something a little different, but the power in all of these moments calls us to venture forward. Explore Winter In Manitoba JP Media Works Urban Escapes In Manitoba, we invite you to embark on a journey of discovery in our vibrant urban centres. More Info Stunning Stays Use this page as your guide to discovering the most stunning accommodations that Manitoba has to offer. More Info JP Media Works Outdoor Adventures Manitoba welcomes the enchanting embrace of winter, beckoning outdoor enthusiasts with open arms. More Info Indigenous Experiences Whether you're captivated by cultural narratives or inspired by the desire to explore the deep connections that bind us... More Info Northern Manitoba Northern Manitoba beckons with the call of adventure, enticing explorers with its vast wilderness and promises of... More Info Manitoba Experiences Food & Drink Eat your way across Manitoba. More Info Northern Lights See the northern lights up to 300 nights a year in Manitoba. More Info Spas & Wellness Manitoba delivers ways to relax and unwind. More Info Alex de Vries Wildlife Viewing Sights and sounds of the wild. More Info Skiing & Snowboarding Find your winter thrills on Manitoba’s trails and hills. More Info Cody Fjeldsted ITINERARIES What does your heart need? Discover our home in the middle of Canada, to a place where you can find adventure, reflection and relaxation. Whatever your heart is looking for. SEE ITINERARIES Manitoba Gear Wear Canada’s heart on your sleeve Show the world that you found what your heart needs in Manitoba. Whether it's to remember your visit, show off your local pride or just keep warm on your next adventure, visit our online shop to browse a range of toques, mitts, shirts, sweaters and more. Visit Our Shop Featured Experiences Voyageur Houseboats A Floating Micro-cabin Experience Looking for a unique experience only an hour's drive from the city? Come to Pinawa and book Manitoba's only floating micro-cabin experience for a unique vacation the whole family won't soon forget. Book Today! Royal Canadian Mint Royal Canadian Mint Tours Our 45-minute tours are fun, educational and perfect for all ages. Every tour is led by one of our knowledgeable guides who will walk you through the production process, and entertain you with unique stories about the Mint. BOOK TODAY! FortWhyte Alive Overwhelmed by trip planning? Preparing for a winter adventure can be overwhelming, but at Fort Whyte it's easy to get started! Just bundle up, pick up some snowshoes and a map and start exploring our 660 acres of lakes, forests, and trails. Book Today! The Manitoba Museum An Adventure Waiting To Unfold Welcome to the history, nature, and science of the Manitoba Museum. Immersive museum galleries, interactive science exhibits, thrilling planetarium shows, and the stories you’ll remember forever. Book Today! Frontiers North Adventures Adventure Calls in Canada's North Unleash your sense of adventure and head to Churchill this summer. Boat amongst curious beluga whales, roam the tundra in search of wildlife and witness breathtaking landscapes and sunsets across the vast Hudson Bay. BOOK TODAY! Calm Air International LP Book your next MB trip with Calm Air Discover the serene skies with Calm Air – your gateway to Winnipeg, Flin Flon, The Pas, Thompson, or Churchill. Plan your next trip and book now for a stress-free journey into the heart of Manitoba's beauty. BOOK TODAY! Elkhorn Resort Spa and Conference Centre Elkhorn Resort, Adventure & Relaxation! Discover Elkhorn Resort in Riding Mountain National Park! Perfect for family adventures with endless activities and now featuring our new Klar So Nordic Spa for ultimate relaxation. Your unforgettable getaway awaits! BOOK TODAY! Explore Manitoba Manitoba Travel Deals There is so much to experience and discover in Manitoba, and we're here to help you explore as much as you possibly can. Search for hidden gems, hotel packages, date night ideas and more with our Travel Deals. Designed with our travellers in mind, these packages are meant to help you plan the ultimate Manitoba trip this season. Browse now to find savings on your next Manitoba getaway! View All Travel Deals Indigenous Tourism Association of Canada Destination Indigenous Experience Manitoba with the Indigenous Peoples who have called these lands home for millennia. Explore Now! Calm Air Official Air Carrier to the North Calm Air partners with local operators to bring visitors to Churchill for the most authentic Northern experiences available today. Book Today! Places To Go Manitoba's Must-See Destinations These must-see destinations deliver the best of our province. Discover some of Manitoba’s favourite places to visit! Explore Now! Feature Events Mar 05 - Apr 06 – Save the Date • Mar 05 - Apr 06 • Potholes and Punchlines Presents:... 2169 Portage Ave,Winnipeg, MB R3J 0L7 More Info Mar 05 - Apr 07 – Signature Event • Mar 05 - Apr 07 • Tarralik Duffy: Gasoline Rainbows 300 Memorial BlvdWinnipeg, MB R3C 1V1 More Info Mar 05 - May 26 – Must Experience • Mar 05 - May 26 • ᓯᑯ ᕿᕐᓂᖅᓯᓯᒪᔪᖅ | Dark Ice 300 Memorial Blvd, WinnipegWinnipeg, MB R3C 1V1 More Info Mar 05 - Jul 24 – Local Favourite • Mar 05 - Jul 24 • Kim Adams: Earth Wagons 300 Memorial Blvd, WinnipegWinnipeg, MB R3C 1V1 More Info Things To Do < Back Spring & Summer Fall & Winter Arts, Culture & History Equipment Rentals Family Fun Outdoors Northern Lights Polar Bears Beluga Whales Recreation & Gaming Shopping Spas & Wellness Sports Tours Events Food & Drink < Back Peg City Grub Places To Go < Back Winnipeg Churchill Eastern Region Central Region Interlake Region Parkland Region Western Region Manitoba North Must-See Destinations Itineraries Treaty Areas Where To Stay < Back Bed & Breakfasts Cabins & Cottages Campgrounds & RV Parks Fishing & Hunting Lodges Hotels & Motels Unique Stays Travel Deals Trip Essentials < Back About Manitoba Email Signup Visitor Guides Visitor Information Centre Manitoba Explorer App Know Before You Go Contact Us #ExploreMB Blog Tourism Industry Travel Media Meetings & Conventions Travel Trade Email Signup ShopMB Hunt Fish Manitoba Everything Churchill Manitoba North Privacy Accessibility Plan Contact Us Français Tourism Reports & Publications Sitemap Cookie Settings Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest Tiktok 2024 Travel Manitoba. All Rights Reserved Official Air Travel Provider To The North A visit to Manitoba means travelling through Treaty 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 Territories and through communities who are signatories to Treaties 6 and 10. Manitoba is located on the ancestral land of the Anishinaabeg, Anishininewuk, Dakota Oyate, Denesuline and Nehethowuk Nations and is the Homeland of the Red River Métis. Northern Manitoba includes lands that were and are the ancestral lands of the Inuit. Travel Manitoba respects the spirit and intent of Treaties and Treaty Making and remains committed to working in partnership with First Nations, Inuit and Métis people in the spirit of truth, reconciliation and collaboration. Passes & Deals Explore craft breweries, museums and... Learn More Experience Builder Loading your recommendations…