W3C Public mailing list archives W3C Public mailing list archives About these archives Information Introduction and usage guidelines How to subscribe and unsubscribe Search and Navigate Search: Public Board-restricted Group-restricted Member-restricted Team-restricted Active mailing lists html-tidy latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion about HTML Tidy, software for fixing invalid markup in web pages ietf-http-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list of the IETF HTTP-WG. Note that https://www.ietf.org/about/note-well.html applies to all contributions to this mailing list. public-a11y-discov-vocab latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Accessibility Discoverability Vocabulary for Schema.org Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-a11y-functional-needs latest Development of accessibility functional needs documentation, to be used as input to other accessibility guidelines work. public-a11yedge latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Accessibility at the Edge Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-accessibility4children latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Accessibility for Children Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-act-r latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the ACT Rules Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-adapt latest subscribe unsubscribe [important] Personalization Task Force renamed as WAI Adapt TF, we start to use this archive on May 20th, 2022. If you want to find archive previous to May 20th, 2022, please find it at public-personalization-tf@w3.org. public-afrlreq-admin This is the administrative list for the work of the African Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list or on public-i18n-afr@w3.org (English language). public-ag-admin latest Administrative records of the AG WG, including Calls for Consensus. public-agwg-comments latest Public comments for deliverables of the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group public-aikr latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the AI KR (Artificial Intelligence Knowledge Representation) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-alreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Arabic Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on public-i18n-arabic@w3.org or on the github issues list. public-antifraud latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Anti-Fraud Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-apa latest unsubscribe Technical discussion list for participants of the APA WG public-apa-admin latest Administrative records of the APA WG, including Calls for Consensus. public-applied-did-and-vc latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Decentralized Identifier and Verifiable Credentials Applications Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-architypes latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Schema Architypes Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-aria latest Discussion for the ARIA WG. public-aria-admin latest Administrative and consensus recording for the ARIA WG. public-aria-at latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the ARIA and Assistive Technologies Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-aria-editors latest Working lists for active editors of ARIA publications. public-aria-practices latest subscribe unsubscribe Working list of the ARIA Authoring Practices Task Force. public-atag2-comments latest unsubscribe Maintaining Activity: WAI Technical Activity This mailing list provides an archive of comments received on the Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (ATAG 2.0) and related documents. public-audio latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for technical discussion for the Audio Working Group, on the topics of advanced audio functionality for the Web platform. public-audio-comgp latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Audio Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-audio-description latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Audio Description Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-auth-trans-ar latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Arabic. public-auth-trans-ca latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Catalan. public-auth-trans-da latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Danish. public-auth-trans-de latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in German. public-auth-trans-es latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Spanish. public-auth-trans-et latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Estonian. public-auth-trans-fi latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Finnish. public-auth-trans-fr latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in French public-auth-trans-it latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Italian. public-auth-trans-nl latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Dutch. public-auth-trans-no latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Norwegian. public-auth-trans-pl latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Polish. public-auth-trans-pt-br latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Brazilian Portuguese. public-auth-trans-ru latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Russian. public-auth-trans-se latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Swedish. public-auth-trans-sk subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Slovak. public-auth-trans-uk latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Ukrainian. public-auth-trans-zh latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Simplified and/or Traditional Chinese. public-automotive latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion of Web technologies in the car public-autoprivacy latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Automotive Privacy Principles Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-autowebplatform latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Automotive and Web Platform Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-autowebplatform-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Automotive and Web Platform Business Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-av4browsers latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Audiovisual Media Formats for Browsers Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bdns latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Building Device Naming Standards Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bibframe2schema latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Bibframe2Schema.org Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bioschemas latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Bioschemas for lifesciences Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bitcoin latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Bitcoin Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bpmlod latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Best Practices for Multilingual Linked Open Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bpmlod-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Best Practices for Multilingual Linked Open Data Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-bpwg-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list collects comments sent on documents produced by the Mobile Best Practices Working Group. For more general discussions on the group work, see the public-bpwg@w3.org mailing list. public-browser-tools-testing latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Browser Testing and Tools Working Group public-canvas-api latest subscribe unsubscribe Public discussion of the Canvas API, for use in the HTML, SVG, and other Web languages. public-chem-web-pub latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Chemistry for the Web and Publishing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-china latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for discussions in Chinese around Web technologies, standards, W3C related topics. public-chinese-web latest subscribe unsubscribe Public discussion list of the Chinese Web Interest Group. public-civics latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Civic Technology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-clreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Chinese Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on public-i18n-cjk@w3.org (English language) or public-zhreq@w3.org (Chinese language). public-cndid subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Chinese DID & VC Best Practices Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cns latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Consent Name System Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-coga-comments latest Public comments for deliverables of the Cognitive and Learning Disabilities Accessibility Task Force, a joint task force of the Protocols and Formats Working Group and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group. public-coga-community latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Cognitive Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cogai latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Cognitive AI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cognitive-a11y-tf latest subscribe unsubscribe Primary working list for the Cognitive Accessibility Task Force. public-colorweb latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Color on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-colorweb-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Color on the Web Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-comments-wcag20 latest unsubscribe Formal comments on WCAG 2.0, and WG responses public-computationalicg subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Computational Intelligence Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-consent latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Consent Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-council latest subscribe unsubscribe This group is to host the discussions of the Community Council over the emerging Community and Business Group efforts, including with chairs and other community representatives. public-credentials latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Credentials Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-credibility latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Credibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-css-archive latest subscribe unsubscribe Archives of GitHub issues for CSS Working Group, in case GitHub ever goes away public-css-testsuite latest subscribe unsubscribe Development of test suites for all CSS-related specifications. See CSS test suites. public-css4 latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the CSS4 Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-csvw latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the CSV on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dcdr-framework latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Data-Centric Digital Rights (DCDR) Framework Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ddwg-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for the public collection of comments on documents produced by the Device Description Working Group. public-declarative3d latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Declarative 3D for the Web Architecture Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-declarative3d-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Declarative 3D for the Web Architecture Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-design-tokens latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Design Tokens Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-design-tokens-log latest subscribe unsubscribe Github log of the Design Tokens Community Group public-device-apis latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list of the Devices and Sensors Working Group. public-device-apis-log latest subscribe unsubscribe Github log of the Device and Sensors Working Group public-did-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for the DID Working Group. public-dpvcg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dxwg-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-dxwg-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe public-editing-tf latest subscribe unsubscribe Work on problems relating to contentEditable and editing content in HTML on the Web in general. public-elreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Ethiopic Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on public-i18n-ethiopic@w3.org. public-eo-archive latest This is just an archive for EOWG communications. The main EOWG list is https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/w3c-wai-eo/ public-eo-plan latest For planning EOWG work. public-eocred-schema latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Educational and Occupational Credentials in schema.org Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-eowg-roles latest subscribe unsubscribe EOWG's work on Roles and Responsibilities for WCAG public-epub3 latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the EPUB 3 Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-epubcheck latest subscribe unsubscribe Mailing list of the EPUBCheck Task Force of the EPUB3 Community Group public-equity latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Equity Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-esw-thes latest subscribe unsubscribe public-eurlreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the European Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list or on public-i18n-europe@w3.org (English language). public-evangelist latest subscribe unsubscribe Web Standards Education and Outreach, part of the Quality Assurance Interest Group. public-exercises-and-activities latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Educational Exercises and Activities Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-exi-comments latest comments list for the EXI spec (LC and after) public-expath latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the EXPath Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fast subscribe unsubscribe use for FAST TF. public-fed-id latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Federated Identity Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-federated-learning latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Federated Learning Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fibo latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Financial Industry Business Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fibo-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Financial Industry Business Ontology Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-fx latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for public discussion and review of issues affecting both the CSS and SVG Working Groups. This includes transforms, animations, transitions, and other topics. public-fxtf-archive latest subscribe unsubscribe Archive of FXTF GitHub issues, in case public-gai subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Generative AI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-games latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Games Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-gao latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Automotive Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-geolocation latest subscribe unsubscribe This forum is for discussing matters regarding a Geolocation API, including use cases and requirements. public-gpu latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the GPU for the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-grddl-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for comments from the community on specifications produced by the GRDDL working group. public-hclscg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Web in Health Care and Life Sciences Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hclscg-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Web in Health Care and Life Sciences Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-hlreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Hebrew Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on public-i18n-hebrew@w3.org. public-houdini latest subscribe unsubscribe This mailing list serves as the discussion forum for the Houdini joint task force between CSS WG and TAG on the design of styling APIs. the official wiki for this TF can be found at https://wiki.css-houdini.org. public-houdini-archive latest subscribe unsubscribe Archive of GitHub issues just in case public-html latest subscribe unsubscribe Primary discussion list for the HTML Working Group public-html-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe For public comments on the HTML5 specification(s) and responses from the editors and the HTML WG. public-html-commits latest subscribe unsubscribe commit notififications for dev.w3.org/html5 public-html-media latest subscribe unsubscribe public-html-xml latest subscribe unsubscribe Used by the HTML-XML Task Force public-htmlvoc latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Semantic HTML-vocabulary Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-humancentricai latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Human Centric AI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-humanservices latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Human Services Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hydra latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Hydra Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hydra-logs latest subscribe unsubscribe This list gets github notifications for Hydra CG repository public-i18n latest Public list for sponsorship and technical inquiries relating to i18n. public-i18n-africa latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-africa is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to African script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) Most technical discussions will happen on github, but this list may be used as a supplement where needed. It should also be used to share information (in English) about the ongoing status of the work with the wider community. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-americas latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-americas is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to languages of the Americas on the Web and in eBooks. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. See the AMLREQ home page for information about the group. Most technical discussions will happen on GitHub, but this list may be used as a supplement where needed by members of the AMLREQ task force. Most of the posts are likely to be in English. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-arabic latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-arabic is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to Arabic script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) As work develops on layout requirements and related documents for Arabic script text, this list should be used to submit review comments, to discuss issues, and to provide feedback from the authors. It should also be used to share information (in English) about the ongoing status of the work with the wider community. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-archive latest This mailing list archives github issues raised for the repositories owned by the i18n WG. It is not expected that anyone will subscribe to this list. It simply archives the issue traffic in case github disappears. public-i18n-bidi latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list, maintained by the W3C, for discussions relating to bidirectional text on the Web. public-i18n-chinese latest subscribe unsubscribe A publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for notifications relating to Simplified and Traditional Chinese language support on the Web. public-i18n-cjk latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-cjk is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to Chinese, Japanese and Korean text on the Web. If you participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. Technical discussions should happen on github (jlreq, klreq, clreq) and this list receives notifications of changes. Subscribers to this list should read and agree to the CONTRIBUTING policy. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. Subscribers who only want notifications related to a specific language should subscribe to one of the following lists: public-i18n-chinese, public-i18n-japanese, or public-i18n-korean. public-i18n-core latest Public discussion list of the Internationalization Core Working Group public-i18n-ethiopic latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-ethiopic is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to Ethiopic script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) As work develops on layout requirements and related documents for Ethiopic script text, this list should be used to submit review comments, to discuss issues, and to provide feedback from the authors. It should also be used to share information (in English) about the ongoing status of the work with the wider community. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-europe latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-europe is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to European language and script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) Most technical discussions will happen on github, but this list may be used as a supplement where needed. It should also be used to share information (in English) about the ongoing status of the work with the wider community. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-hebrew latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-hebrew is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to Hebrew script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) Most technical discussions will happen on github, but this list may be used as a supplement where needed. It should also be used to share information (in English) about the ongoing status of the work with the wider community. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation public-i18n-indic latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-indic is a public mailing list, maintained by the W3C, for discussions relating to South Asian text on the Web. If you participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. (You may wish to also subscribe to the main IG list, see www-international.) public-i18n-its-ig latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-its-ig is a public mailing list for discussions relating to the Internationalization Tag Set Interest Group. If you participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. For more info, see the Internationalization Activity home page. public-i18n-japanese latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-japanese is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for notifications relating to Japanese language support on the Web. public-i18n-korean latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n- korean is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for notifications relating to Korean script support on the Web. public-i18n-mongolian latest subscribe unsubscribe Subscribers to this list recieve notifications of W3C activity related to Traditional Mongolian, and discussions of the Mongolian Language Enablement task force. public-i18n-sea latest subscribe unsubscribe public-i18n-sea is a publicly archived mailing list, maintained by the W3C Internationalization Interest Group, for discussions relating to Southeast Asian script support on the Web. If you subscribe to and participate in this list you are part of the W3C Internationalization Interest Group. Most technical discussions should happen on github, but this list may be used as a supplement in special cases. Subscribers to this list should read and agree to the CONTRIBUTING policy. Subscribers to this list are obligated to comply with W3C patent-disclosure policy as outlined out in Section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy document. For more information about disclosure obligations for this group, please see the W3C Patent Policy Implementation. public-i18n-tibetan latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for discussion of topics related to support for the Tibetan script on the Web. Comments and responses related to requirements documents for Tibetan script should be sent to this list. public-i18n-translation latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for requests and discussions about translations of pages under https://www.w3.org/International/. public-ietf-w3c latest subscribe unsubscribe IETF/W3C coordination list. public-iip-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the India International Program Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list or on public-i18n-indic@w3.org (English language). public-immersive-captions latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Immersive Captions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-immersive-web latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Immersive Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-immersive-web-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list of the Immersive Web Working Group public-indie-ui-comments latest Public comment channel for the Independent User Interface (IndieUI) Working Group and Task Force. public-informationarchitecture latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Information Architecture Community Group. public-inter-cc subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Inter-Platform Validation for Confidential Computing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-interledger latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Interledger Payments Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-iotschema latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Schema Extensions for IoT Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ixml latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Invisible Markup Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-jlreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Japanese Layout Task Force. (All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list, and notifications are sent to public-i18n-cjk@w3.org.) public-json-ld latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Linked JSON Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-json-ld-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Official (public) mailing list of the JSON-LD Working Group. public-jsxml subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the JSX as markup language Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-kg-construct latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Knowledge Graph Construction Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-lbd latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Linked Building Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-lbd-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Linked Building Data Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-ld4lt latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Linked Data for Language Technology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-linked-json latest subscribe unsubscribe For discussion of techniques and possible standards for using JSON to convey for Linked (RDF) Data. public-lod latest subscribe unsubscribe Maintaining Activity: Data Activity public-low-vision latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Low Vision Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-low-vision-a11y-tf latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the email discussion list of the Low Vision Accessibility Task Force, a joint task force of WCAG WG and UAWG. We welcome contribution that is on topic for the group. Discussion is polite and furthers the discussion in the group. Rude, offensive or obstructionist behavior on the list can result in removal. public-maintenance latest subscribe unsubscribe public-managed-components latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Managed Components Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-maps4html latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Maps For HTML Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-maturity latest subscribe unsubscribe this is a mailing list of the Maturity Model Task Force. public-md-odrl-profile latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Rights Automation for Market Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-md-odrl-profile-contrib latest subscribe unsubscribe The list is used to record the provenance of contributions to the Rights Automation for Market Data Community Group. public-media-fragment latest subscribe unsubscribe Public list for the media Fragments Working Group public-media-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe public-metaverse-interop latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Metaverse Interoperability Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-miniapps latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the MiniApps Ecosystem Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-miniapps-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public-visible mailing list for MiniApps Working Group related discussion. public-mlreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Mongolian Layout Task Force (mlreq). All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list. public-mobile-a11y-tf latest subscribe unsubscribe The Mobile Accessibility Task Force (Mobile A11Y TF) assists the WCAG WG and the UAWG to produce techniques, understanding and guidance documents as well as updates to existing related W3C / WAI material that addresses the mobile space. public-music-notation latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Music Notation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-music-notation-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Music Notation Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-n3-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Notation 3 (N3) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-networks-ig latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list of the Web & Networks Interest Group public-new-work latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for (public) announcements of group charters that have been sent to the W3C Advisory Committee for review. public-nordic-accessibility latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Nordic Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-nordic-data latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Nordic Web of Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-nostr latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the nostr Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ocm subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Open Cloud Mesh Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-odrl latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the ODRL Initiative Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-odrl-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the ODRL Initiative Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-ontolex latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Ontology-Lexica Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-open-ui latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Open UI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-openactive latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Openactive Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opentrack latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the OpenTrack Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-owl-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe public-pair-cg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Performing Arts Information Representation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-patcg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Private Advertising Technology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-patent-commitment latest subscribe unsubscribe W3C uses this mailing list to record patent licensing commitments publicly. This is used in particular to record commitments from participants in W3C Community Groups. public-payments-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the primary discussion list of the Web Payments Working Group. public-perma-id latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Permanent Identifier Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-personalization-tf latest [important] Personalization Task Force changed its name to WAI Adapt. This list is no longer being used, instead, use public-adapt@w3.org. Archives previous to May 20th, 2022, please find them here, if you want to find them after May 20th, 2022, please find them at public-adapt@w3.org. public-pfwg-comments latest unsubscribe This list is used to archive public comments about Protocols and Formats documents. Editors, chairs, and the staff contact of the Protocols and Formats Working Group receive these comments and pass them on to the Working Group. public-pm-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Official (public) mailing list of the Publishing Maintenance Working Group public-png latest subscribe unsubscribe Official, publicly-archived mailing list for the Portable Network Graphics (PNG) Working Group public-pointer-events latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for feedback on the Pointer Events specification. public-privacy latest subscribe unsubscribe Privacy at W3C. public-privacycg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Privacy Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pronunciation latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Spoken Pronunciation Task Force of the Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group. public-prov-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for public comments on drafts produced by the Provenance Working Group. Please send comments here, and the Working Group will respond. public-publishing-sc latest subscribe unsubscribe Publishing@W3C Steering Committee public-publishingbg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Publishing Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-publishingcg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Publishing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pwe latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the archive of the public mailing list for comments and questions on W3C Positive Work Environment. public-qa-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe Hackers' lair: developers discussion on W3C Open Source Software and Web Quality Tools development: validators, checkers, etc. public-qt-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Feedback on the "Query and Transform" W3C specifications published by the XML Query and XSL Working Groups public-quickfix latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Quick-fix support for XML Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rch-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for RDF Dataset Canonicalization and Hash Working Group. The group primarily conducts its technical work on this public mailing list or on GitHub issues (and specification-specific GitHub repositories and issue trackers). The public is invited to review, discuss and contribute to this work. public-rdf-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for comments to the RDF Working Group public-rdf-dawg-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-rdf-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the RDF-DEV Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rdf-ruby latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for RDF implementations in Ruby. public-rdf-shapes latest subscribe unsubscribe Public discussions of RDF validation, including comments on publications from the RDF Data Shapes Working Group public-rdf-star latest subscribe unsubscribe For discussion of the RDF-star and SPARQL-star proposals. public-rdf-star-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for RDF-starWorking Group. The group primarily conducts its technical work on this public mailing list or on GitHub issues (and specification-specific GitHub repositories and issue trackers). The public is invited to review, discuss and contribute to this work. public-rdf-tests latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the RDF Test Suite Curation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rdfa latest subscribe unsubscribe Maintaining Activity: Semantic Web Activity RDFa is a specification for attributes that can be used with XHTML to express structured machine-readable data within an XHTML document. Like microformats, RDFa allows parts of the HTML content to be used both for rendering (to the human reader) and be part of the structured (machine-readable) data. Unlike microformats, RDFa specifies only a syntax for including structured data and relies on independently-developed vocabularies (also called taxonomies or ontologies) to provide the specific terms for given data items. RDFa permits these vocabularies to be freely mixed within a single XHTML document. Additional information may be found in the RDFa Syntax specification, the RDFa Primer, and the RDFa community wiki. public-rdfjs latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the RDF JavaScript Libraries Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rdfsurfaces latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the RDF Surfaces Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-reconciliation latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Entity Reconciliation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-review-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe W3C groups use this list as one means to signal that wide review of publications is solicited; for more information see DocumentReview. public-review-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for the public to comment on or formally object to proposed new work that has been sent to W3C Members for review (new or revised charters, as well as Proposed Recommendations), and for W3C Members to have the option to make their review responses public by sending them to this list, including Formal Objections. This list may be used by W3C to follow-up in the context of the W3C Council. public-rif-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-rif-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe For discussion among developers of RIF technologies public-robotstxt subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Update robots.txt standards Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rqtf latest subscribe unsubscribe Technical discussion list for participants of the APA WG's Research Questions Task Force public-rsp latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the RDF Stream Processing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sccg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Screen Capture Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schema-course-extend latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Schema Course extension Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemabibex latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Schema Bib Extend Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemaorg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the main public mailing list for the Schema.org Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemaorg4datasets latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Schema.org for datasets Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemaorg4datasets-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Schema.org for datasets Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-schemed latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Healthcare Schema Vocabulary Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemed-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Healthcare Schema Vocabulary Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-script-coord latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion on the topics of scripting interface design, Web IDL, and coordination between W3C Working Groups, ECMA TC-39, and other interested parties. This list is not a forum for script authoring. public-sdw-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe The main mailing list of the Spatial Data on the Web Working Group public-sdwig latest subscribe unsubscribe This was the public mailing list of the Spatial Data on the Web Interest Group. This group is now closed. Its work is continued in the Spatial Data on the Web Working Group and on its mailing list, public-sdw-wg@w3.org. public-sealreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Southeast Asian Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list or on public-i18n-sealreq@w3.org (English language). public-secondscreen latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the mailing-list of the Second Screen Presentation Working Group. public-secondscreen-pag latest subscribe unsubscribe public-securepay latest subscribe unsubscribe This mailing list is for public input to the Web Payment Security Interest Group about their public deliverables. public-semweb-lifesci latest subscribe unsubscribe Semantic Web Health Care and Life Sciences Community Group public-semweb-ui latest subscribe unsubscribe Semantic Web And User Interaction Design Group public-sentiment latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Linked Data Models for Emotion and Sentiment Analysis Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-shacl latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the SHACL Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-shex latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Shape Expressions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-shex-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe public-silver latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Silver Task Force. public-silver-admin latest subscribe unsubscribe Private admin list for the Silver Task Force. public-silver-editors latest Coordination and input list for editors of W3C Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 3, known as "Silver". public-silver-tf subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Silver Task Force. public-smartcity-nordic latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Nordic Chapter Smart City Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-soap-jms latest subscribe unsubscribe Public list of the SOAP-JMS Binding Working Group public-solid latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Solid Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sparql-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion of SPARQL software: building it, using it, etc. public-sparql-dev-cg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the SPARQL-dev Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sport-schema latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Sport Schema Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sustainability latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Sustainability Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sustyweb latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Sustainable Web Design Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svg-issues latest Archive of GitHub issues just in case public-svg-wg latest Scalable Vector Graphics Working Group technical discussions. The general public can read it, but should post comments to www-svg instead. public-swicg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Social Web Incubator Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sync-media-pub latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Synchronized Multimedia for Publications Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tag-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe public-talent-signal latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Talent Marketplace Signaling Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tdmrep latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the TDM Reservation Protocol Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-test-infra latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion on Web Browser Testing Framework and general Web Testing public-texttracks latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Media Text Tracks Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-texttracks-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Web Media Text Tracks Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-tlreq-admin latest This is the administrative list for the work of the Tibetan Layout Task Force. All technical discussion takes place on the github issues list or on public-i18n-tibetan@w3.org. public-touchevents latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Touch Events Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tourismdata latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the The Tourism Structured Web Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tr-notifications latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the notifications sent by Echidna public-trace-context latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Distributed Tracing Working Group. This list used to be the public mailing list for the Distributed Trace Context Community Group, which closed on 2018-08-24. public-transition-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe This mailing list receives notifications of requests for approvals from the W3C Director when advancing on the W3C Recommendation track. public-treecg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the TREE hypermedia Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tt latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is public mail list for W3C TTWG. public-unhosted latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Unhosted Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-usable-authentication latest subscribe unsubscribe Public discussion and commentary on the deliverables of W3C's Web Security Context Working Group. public-vc-edu latest subscribe unsubscribe Verifiable Credentials EDU task force; may be part of the Credentials CG. This is not a DB-backed list, so membership changes will need to be made manually. public-vc-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Technical discussion and public announcements for the Verifiable Claims Working Group public-vocabs latest subscribe unsubscribe Open Discussion of Vocabularies for the Web. public-voiceinteraction latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Voice Interaction Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-w3process latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Revising W3C Process Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wai-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe Announcements from W3C Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) public-wai-cc latest subscribe unsubscribe Coordination for staff contacts, WG chairs, and task force facilitators in WAI groups. public-wai-curricula latest subscribe unsubscribe The mailing list for the WAI Curricula Task Force public-wai-engage latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WAI-Engage: Web Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wai-ert-tools latest subscribe unsubscribe Collect and maintain information about Web accessibility evaluation tools. public-wai-mission latest For input on the W3C Accessibility Mission. public-wai-translations latest subscribe unsubscribe public-wai-wcag-videos latest subscribe unsubscribe Development of WCAG Videos public-wcag-act latest subscribe unsubscribe WCAG Accessibility Conformance Testing (ACT) Task Force public-wcag-act-comments latest Comments on WCAG Accessibility Conformance Testing (ACT) deliverables, such as ACT Rules Format public-wcag2-issues latest subscribe unsubscribe WCAG 2.x issues subgroup public-wcag2-techs latest This list is used to archive public submissions of techniques for the WCAG 2.0 Techniques public-wcag2ict-comments latest Formal comments on WCAG2ICT, and WG responses public-wcag2ict-tf latest subscribe unsubscribe This is a working list for the WCAG2ICT Task Force of the Accessibility Guidelines Working Group. public-wcag3-protocols latest Working list for participants in the WCAG 3 Protocols sub-group. public-web-adv latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Improving Web Advertising Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-and-tv latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion by the Media and Entertainment IG public-web-bluetooth latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Bluetooth Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-bluetooth-log latest subscribe unsubscribe Log of Github activity for the Web Bluetooth Community Group public-web-nfc latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web NFC Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-nfc-contrib latest This is the public mailing list for the Web NFC Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-web-of-things latest subscribe unsubscribe public-web-perf latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion related to Web browser performance public-web-security latest subscribe unsubscribe Mailing list of the now-closed Web Security IG. This list is still used for security-related discussions and to request wide review. public-web-thing-protocol latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Thing Protocol Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webagents latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Autonomous Agents on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webapps latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is for technical discussion for the Web Applications Working Group. public-webapps-github latest subscribe unsubscribe Receive github commits notifications for WebApps Working Group repositories. public-webapps-github-weekly latest subscribe unsubscribe public-webappsec latest subscribe unsubscribe Web Application Security WG public list. public-webarch-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-webassembly latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebAssembly Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webassembly-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe Announcements from the WebAssembly CG public-webauthn latest subscribe unsubscribe Web Authentication WG public list. public-webauthn-adoption latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebAuthN Adoption Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webauthn-pay latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the discussion list of the joint task force of the Web Payments Working Group and the Web Authentication Working Group. public-webcomponents latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Components Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webdx latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebDX Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webextensions latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebExtensions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webfonts-wg latest This is the mailing list of the WebFonts Working Group, which works in public. public-webhistory latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web History Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webid latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebID Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webmachinelearning latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Machine Learning Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webmachinelearning-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe Mailing list for the Web Machine Learning Working Group public-webmediaapi latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Media API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webont-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe List for feedback on specifications produced by the WebOnt WG. public-webpayments-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Public comment list for Web Payments Working Group deliverables. public-webpayments-specs latest subscribe unsubscribe List to mirror some WPWG GitHub repos. public-webrtc latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussions on API functions for enabling Real Time Communications in Web browsers. public-webrtc-editors latest This list is a coordination channel for the WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers editors and WebRTC WG chairs.Technical discussions and questions related to the WebRTC work should be sent to the public-webrtc mailing list. public-webrtc-logs latest subscribe unsubscribe Log of activity on Github repositories for the WebRTC specifications public-webscreens latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Second Screen Presentation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-website-redesign latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for feedback on the World Wide Web Consortium's Website redesign. public-webtiming latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Multi-device Timing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webtransport latest subscribe unsubscribe public-webview latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the WebView Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webvmt-cg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Video Map Tracks (WebVMT) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wicg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web Platform Incubator Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wintercg latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web-interoperable Runtimes Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wot-ig latest subscribe unsubscribe See: Web of Things Interest Group public-wot-jp latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the Web of Things Japanese Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wot-wg latest subscribe unsubscribe WoT-WG's public mailinglist public-wpwg-pag latest subscribe unsubscribe Public list for PAGs of the Web Payments WG public-ws-addressing latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Web Services Addressing Working Group. public-ws-addressing-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe List Purpose: Mailing list for gathering comments on the Web Services Addressing specification developed by the Web Services Addressing Working Group. public-ws-chor-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-ws-desc-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for comments on Web Services Description Working Group documents. public-ws-policy latest subscribe unsubscribe Public list for the the Web Services Policy Working Group, and discussion on the Web Services Policy 1.5 specifications. public-ws-policy-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Public list for comments on documents produced by the Web Services Policy Working Group. public-ws-resource-access latest subscribe unsubscribe Primary mailing list for the Web Services Resource Access Working Group. public-ws-resource-access-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe public-ws-semann-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This is a forum for public feedback to documents created by the Semantic Annotations for WSDL Working Group public-xformsusers latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the XForms Users Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xg-rdb2rdf latest subscribe unsubscribe Maintaining Activity: RDB2RDF Incubator Group This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the RDB2RDF Incubator Group. public-xml-id latest subscribe unsubscribe public-xml-processing-model-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This list is a discussion forum for comments about the XML Processing Model documents. This list is under archive approval management. public-xmlsec latest Public discussions of the XML Security Working Group were held on this list until its closure in December 2016. public-xmlsec-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This publicly archived mailing list is used to collect comments against the deliverables of the XML Security Specifications Maintenance Working Group. public-xpointer-registry latest subscribe unsubscribe public-xproc-next latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the XProc Next Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xsd-databinding latest subscribe unsubscribe Purpose: Public discussion list of the XML Schema Patterns for Databinding Working Group public-xsd-databinding-comments latest unsubscribe Comments on the documents published by the XML Schema Patterns for Databinding Working Group public-xslt-40 latest subscribe unsubscribe This is the public mailing list for the XSLT Extensions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. semantic-web latest subscribe unsubscribe Public discussion list on Semantic Web. site-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for comments on design of the W3C Web site, especially the W3C home page. spec-prod latest subscribe unsubscribe discussion of W3C technical report production uri latest subscribe unsubscribe Technical discussion of URIs. w3c-announce latest subscribe unsubscribe These are the archives of W3C Weekly News, a public email newsletter that describes the week's W3C publications, events and announcements. The mailing list is read-only. If you wish to send a message to W3C, please refer to Contact W3C. Thank you. w3c-dist-auth latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion about the Distributed Authoring and Versioning area. w3c-ietf-xmldsig latest unsubscribe Public mailing list of the W3C/IETF XML Signature WG w3c-keio-info latest subscribe unsubscribe Recruiting/outreach announcement for W3C/Keio mainly in Japanese w3c-news latest unsubscribe This is the mailing list where W3C Marketing & Communications team shares W3C Press Releases and media advisories. Please read more in our press kit. Anyone can subscribe. w3c-translators latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for discussing translations of W3C specifications, and official place to notify W3C about translations as required in the Copyright FAQ. w3c-translators-fr latest unsubscribe Liste des traducteurs franais des specifications du W3C. w3c-wai-au latest unsubscribe Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines group w3c-wai-eo latest unsubscribe w3c-wai-gl latest Web Content Accessibility Guidelines Working Group. w3c-wai-ig latest subscribe unsubscribe Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Interest Group (IG) Discussion list. w3c-wai-ua latest unsubscribe User Agent Accessibility Guidelines Working group list. wai-eo-editors latest wai-site-comments latest unsubscribe www-amaya latest subscribe unsubscribe discussion about general issues of Amaya, the W3C testbed client. www-amaya-developers www-archive latest subscribe unsubscribe Public archive for email relating to W3C work that does not belong on any other archived list. www-dom latest subscribe unsubscribe Web Platform WG (current) and Document Object Model (historical). www-font latest subscribe unsubscribe Fonts and the Web. www-forms latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion about XForms, its specifications, and usage. www-forms-editor latest subscribe unsubscribe www-html latest subscribe unsubscribe Technical discussion among those interested in enhancing the Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) www-i18n-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe Public comments list for internationalization work www-international latest subscribe unsubscribe Internationalization, localization, and multilingualism for the World Wide Web. www-jigsaw latest subscribe unsubscribe open discussions on Jigsaw www-math latest subscribe unsubscribe comments and discussion on MathML, HTML and Math on the web. www-multimodal latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion of multimodal systems. www-patentpolicy-comment latest subscribe unsubscribe Patent Policy public questions and comments www-qa latest subscribe unsubscribe List of the former Quality Assurance Interest Group. www-rdf-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe List to send comments on the W3C Resource Description Framework (RDF) specification. www-rdf-interest latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion archive for the RDF Interest Group. www-rdf-rules latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion of queries and rules for RDF data. www-rdf-validator latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for the RDF Validator www-smil latest subscribe unsubscribe www-style latest subscribe unsubscribe Minutes archive for working drafts by the CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) working group. www-svg latest subscribe unsubscribe www-tag latest subscribe unsubscribe List where the TAG conducts its public business about Web Architecture. www-talk latest subscribe unsubscribe list for technical discussion among those developing World Wide Web software. www-validator latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion list for the Markup Validator, Link Checker and Log Validator. www-validator-css latest subscribe unsubscribe www-voice latest subscribe unsubscribe Public mailing list for discussion of the Voice Web. www-wca latest www-ws latest subscribe unsubscribe General discussion about Web services. www-ws-arch latest subscribe unsubscribe List used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group to conduct technical discussions about the Web services architecture. www-ws-desc latest subscribe unsubscribe List of the Web Services Description Working Group. www-xkms latest subscribe unsubscribe www-xml-linking-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe www-xml-schema-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe www-xml-stylesheet-comments latest www-xpath-comments latest subscribe unsubscribe This mailing-list is for public feedback on the XML Path Language specification. www-xsl-fo latest subscribe unsubscribe xml-dist-app latest subscribe unsubscribe xml-encryption latest subscribe unsubscribe Discussion of the W3C XML Encryption Working Group. xml-names-editor latest unsubscribe xmlp-comments latest unsubscribe List for Comments made on technical documents produced by the XML Protocol Working Group. xmlschema-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe List for W3C XML Schema implementation developers. xproc-dev latest subscribe unsubscribe Maintaining Activity: XML Public discussion forum for implementors and users of XProc: An XML Pipeline Language. xsl-editors latest subscribe unsubscribe Inactive mailing lists copras-public [Historical list - Inactive] html-future [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) Discussing new work on HTML, post 1998 workshop. http-caching-historical [Historical list - Inactive] http-future [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) HTTP future workshop (1998) ietf-charsets [Historical list - Inactive]ietf-charsets@iana.org ietf-dav-versioning [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-discuss [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-http-ext [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-http-ng [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-http-ng-goals [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-swap [Historical list - Inactive] ietf-tls [Historical list - Inactive]Transport Layer Security discussion list (focused effort on providing security features at the transport layer) pics-info [Historical list - Inactive]Information about the PICS (Platform for Internet Content Selection) project pics-interest [Historical list - Inactive]discussion of PICS-related topics, including announcements. png-group [Historical list - Inactive]Historical: Errata reporting and registration requests for PNG image format pso-discuss [Historical list - Inactive]Public Discussion about the PSO. pso-pc [Historical list - Inactive](Restricted) List of the PSO Protocol Council. public-2018-identity-ws [Historical list - Inactive]Program Committee for the 2018 Identity Workshop in Redmond, WA public-2018-permissions-ws [Historical list - Inactive]For invitees to the 2018 Workshop on Permissions and User Consent public-3d-foss [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the 3D FOSS Web Development Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-06.. public-a11yfeat [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessibility Features Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-abcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Ad Blocker Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-accessibilityinindia [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessibility in India Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-accesslearn [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Accessible Online Learning Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-06. public-accesstospec [Historical list - Inactive] public-activitypub [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed ActivityPub Community Group. public-acweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web5G Based Communications Accessibility Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-adopsdnt [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Ad Ops Speaks on DNT Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-agelabels [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Age Labels Data Model Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-agri [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Agriculture Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ann-ws-pc [Historical list - Inactive] public-annotation [Historical list - Inactive] public-annotation-notes [Historical list - Inactive]This list is the archive of annotations added to the specifications of the Web Annotation WG. public-annotea-dev [Historical list - Inactive] public-annoux [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Annotation UX Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-appformats [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list of the Web Application Formats Working Group. public-appsdesignlab [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the AppsDesignLab Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ar [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Augmented Reality Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-argmntreprsnt [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Argument Representation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-argumentation [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Argumentation Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-06. public-argumentation-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Argumentation Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Group closed 2023-12-06. public-aria-test [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list for people testing WAI-ARIA and related technologies. public-art [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Art & Culture (Museums) On The Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-arws-interest [Historical list - Inactive]A simple list to allow people to register interest in, and receive info about, the AR workshop, June 2010, Barcelona. public-atomic-data [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Atomic Data Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-06. public-audio-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for comments submitted to the Audio WG via the experimental specification annotation interface. public-audio-dev [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Audio Developers Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-auth-trans-hu [Historical list - Inactive]For public comments on Candidate Authorized Translations in Hungarian public-auto-charter [Historical list - Inactive] public-auto-privacy-security [Historical list - Inactive] public-auto-wcag [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Automated WCAG Monitoring Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-automotive-pay [Historical list - Inactive] public-autowebtest [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Test Automation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-awpat [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Advancing Web Platform Application Testing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-awwsw [Historical list - Inactive]Groundwork for alien invasion. public-backplane-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for public discussion of the Backplane note from the Hypertext Coordination Group, part of the HTML Activity. public-banana-rdf [Historical list - Inactive] public-base [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Semantic building data Community Group. public-bdcomacg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the BD Comics Manga Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bdcomacg-jp [Historical list - Inactive]Japanese language mailing list for the BD, Comics, Manga Community Group. public-bde [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Big Data Europe Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bde-climate [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Climate action, environment, resource efficiency and raw materials Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-energy [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the BDE-Secure, clean and efficient energy Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-food [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Food security, sustainable agriculture and forestry, marine and maritime and inland water research, and the Bioeconomy Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-health [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Health, demographic change and wellbeing Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-secure-societies [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Secure societies - protecting freedom and security of Europe and its citizens Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-societies [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Europe in a changing world - inclusive, innovative and reflective societies Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-bde-transport [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the BDE-Smart, green and integrated transport Community Group. This group closed in April 2016; work has moved to the Big Data Europe Community Group. public-benchweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Benchmarking for the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bgsync [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Background Sync Community Group which closed on 2016-04-29. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bibperik [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Bible Perikopes Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bigdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Big Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bigdata-tools [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Vocabularies for big data analysis Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bits [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Brand Identity Tokens Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-blockchain [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Blockchain Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-blockchain-names [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Blockchain Naming System Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-blockchain-workshop [Historical list - Inactive]This list is a forum to discuss W3C blockchain workshops. public-blockchainplatform [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Blockchain Wallet & Exchange Platform Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bpwg [Historical list - Inactive]Mobile Web Best Practices Working Group public mailing list (group closed in December 2010) public-bpwg-access [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list for the Accessibility Task Force subgroup of the Best Practices working group public-bpwg-ct [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list for the BPWG "Content Transformation" Task Force public-bpwg-korean [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing-list for the Korean Task Force of the Mobile web Best Practices Working Group (no longer active as of December 2010) public-bpwg-pro [Historical list - Inactive]Mobile Web BPWG mobileOK Pro Task Force public mailing-list. public-brazilpub [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Brazilian Publishing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-browserext [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Browser Extension Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-browserobo [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Browsers and Robotics Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-browsersync [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Browser Sync Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-bullet-chatting [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Bullet Chatting Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-businessdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Business Data APIs and Interchange Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-calendar-coord [Historical list - Inactive]Coordination across groups and organizations for APIs dealing with Calendars on the Web public-cambridge-sem-web [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: a list of those people interested in participating in the monthly Cambridge Semantic Web event. public-carto [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Cartography Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cco [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Cyber Controls Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ccpp2-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list gathers public comments regarding the CC/PP 2 specification public-cdf [Historical list - Inactive] public-cdl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Character Description Language Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ceddl-webspec [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ceddl html attribute-based markup and javascript api Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ceo-ld [Historical list - Inactive] public-cert-hardfail [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussing ideas around certificates, hard failing day, and more. public-cg2wg [Historical list - Inactive]Which Community and Business Groups should transition to Working Group? public-chainpoint [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Chainpoint Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-chair-training [Historical list - Inactive] public-change [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Change Tracking Markup Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-china-communicaiton [Historical list - Inactive] public-clads [Historical list - Inactive]2019-07-01: Group closed. This was the public mailing list for the Computational Legal Decision Support Community Group. public-closingthegap [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list is used to support the discussions of the 2013 headlight project Closing the gap with native. public-cloud [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Cloud Computing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cndpubcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Chinese Digital Publishing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cnwa [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Chinese Web Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-coders4africa [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the African Developers Taking on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cognitive-a11y-discussion [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list for general issues of cognitive and learning disabilities accessibility. A support list for the Cognitive and Learning Disabilities Accessibility Task Force. public-collaboration [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Collaborative Software Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-collaboration-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Collaborative Software Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-colloquial [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Colloquial Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-colloquial-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Colloquial Web Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-colourblindness [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Colour blindness accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-colwebitmc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Collaboration on Web MCKVIEIT Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-comments-wai-age [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: WAI International Program Office To receive feedback for WAI-AGE publications. public-community-io [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Community I/O Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-compound-documents [Historical list - Inactive] public-contacts-coord [Historical list - Inactive]Open discussion of contact standards across organizations. public-content-transformation-conformance [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing-list that records conformance statements and reference from the Guidelines for Web Content Transformation Proxies specification. public-conv [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Conversational Interfaces Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-coord-mechanisms [Historical list - Inactive] public-coremob [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Core Mobile Web Platform Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-coremob-camera [Historical list - Inactive] public-covid-19 [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the CoVid-19 Remote Meet, Work, Class Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-credibility-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-cryptoledgers [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Cryptoledgers Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-css-a11y [Historical list - Inactive]Former discussion and coordination list for the CSS Accessibility Task Force. public-css-bugzilla [Historical list - Inactive] public-css-commits [Historical list - Inactive]Former list for commit messages of the Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) Working Group's public CVS repository. public-css-print [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussing print related issues in CSS public-css-rates [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the CSS Rates and Velocities Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cssacc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the CSS Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cssprint [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the CSS Print Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-cssselfrags [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the CSS Selectors as Fragment Identifiers Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-csv-wg [Historical list - Inactive]CSV on the Web Working Group public-csv-wg-comments [Historical list - Inactive]"CSV on the Web" Working Group comments public-custexpdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Customer Experience Digital Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-custexpdata-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Customer Experience Digital Data Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-cv2 [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the CV 2.0 - Global Resume Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-cv3 [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the CV 3.0 - Global Resume Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-cwm-announce [Historical list - Inactive] public-cwm-bugs [Historical list - Inactive] public-cwm-talk [Historical list - Inactive] public-d-tasks [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Distributed Tasks Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dap-commits [Historical list - Inactive]Commit messages of the Device Apis and Policy Working Group public CVS repository. public-dapps [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Blockchain and Decentralized Apps Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dascg-dfi168 [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the DIGITAL ASSET STANDARD Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-data-driven-standards [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Data Driven Standards Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-data-shapes-wg [Historical list - Inactive] public-datapipelining [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Data Pipelining Use Cases Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-datasheets [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the DataSheets Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-datavis [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Data Visualization Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-dcci-editors [Historical list - Inactive]list for LC comments on DCCI public-ddr-vocab [Historical list - Inactive]This list was originally created by the MWI DDWG to communicate the processing (acknowledgement, comments, and others) of the public contributions received for populating the DDR Core Vocabulary. public-ddwg [Historical list - Inactive]The Public Device Description Working Group (DDWG) mailing list. public-decentralizdcomm [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Decentralized Communications Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-decisionml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Decisions and Decision-Making Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-declarative-apps [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Declarative Linked Data Apps Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-decodersbrasil [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Decoders W3C Brasil Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-decsharing [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Decentralized Sharing Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-decwebvr [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Declarative WebVR Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-designtokensarch [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Design Tokens Architecture Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-device-status [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list is the main discussion list for the Device Status APIs Task Force of the Device APIs Working Group. public-devrel [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the W3C Developer Relations Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dic [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Digital Identity Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-did-kr [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Decentralized Identity Korean Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-didf-ws [Historical list - Inactive] public-digipub [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Digital Publishing Interest Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-digipub-ig [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list was the primary mailing list of the Digital Publishing Interest Group. That group is now closed, and so is this mailing list. Activities in the group has been taken up by: The Publishing Business Group The Publishing Working Group The EPUB 3 Community Group All these groups are part of the Publishing@W3C, born out of the merger of IDPF and W3C. public-digipub-ig-comment [Historical list - Inactive]public can send comments of our deliverables. Please activate some mecanism to avoid SPAM public-digital-asset [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Blockchain Digital Assets Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-digital-publishing [Historical list - Inactive] public-digital-verification [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Digital Verification Community Group. public-digitalassetmanagement [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Digital Asset Management Industry Business Ontology Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-digitaloffers [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Digital Offers Community Group. public-disaster-management-ont [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: Planning for the creation of an Incubator Group for Disaster Management Ontologies. public-diselect-editors [Historical list - Inactive] public-distributed-compute [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Distributed Compute Protocol Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dld [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Development Linked Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dnt-pag [Historical list - Inactive] public-dntrack [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Do-Not-Track Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dntrack-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Do-Not-Track Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-downloads [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Downloads Enhanced Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dpub-accessibility [Historical list - Inactive]Accessibility Task force of the DPUB IG public-dpub-aria [Historical list - Inactive]Joint taskforce between the DPUB IG and the PF WG public-dpub-aria-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Public comments list for deliverables of the DPub ARIA Task Force. public-dui [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Distributed User Interfaces Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dwbp [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Data on the Web Best Practices Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-dwbp-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-dwbp-vocabs [Historical list - Inactive]This was the mailing list dedicated to vocabulary development within the Data on the Web Best Practices WG. public-dwbp-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This was the mailing list of the Data on the Web Best Practices Working Group. public-earl10-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Public comments on EARL 1.0 public-economy [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Social Economy Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-editing [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML Editing APIs. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-egov-announce [Historical list - Inactive]This is a mailing list for people who want occasional announcements (less than one message per week) from the organizers of the W3C eGovernment activity. public-egov-ig [Historical list - Inactive]eGovernment Interest Group Public Mailing List public-egov-ig-etf [Historical list - Inactive]Editorial Task Force (ETF), part of eGovernment Interest Group (eGov IG). The ETF ensures the documents published by the eGovIG can be easily understood by non-technical readers, to bridge the gap between technology and policy. For more info see http://www.w3.org/2007/eGov/IG/wiki/EditorialTF public-egovernance [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Electronic Governance Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-egovernance-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Electronic Governance Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-elvisml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Electrophysiology of Vision Markup Language Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-emergency [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Emergency Information Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-enterprise-ethereum [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Enterprise Ethereum Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-eo-develop-training [Historical list - Inactive] public-epub-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Official (public) mailing list of the EPUB 3 Working Group. This Working Group has been closed on the 20th of June 2023; the discussions and document maintenance have been transferred to the Publishing Maintenance Working Group. public-esw [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion for the SWAD-Europe IST-7 EU project. public-esw-desc [Historical list - Inactive] public-esw-news [Historical list - Inactive]A mailing list for monthly news about the SWAD Europe project public-ethnic [Historical list - Inactive] public-etlml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ETL Markup Language Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-evm [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the EVM Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-exi [Historical list - Inactive] public-exi-next [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Efficient Extensible Interchange Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-exp-protocols [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the experimental protocols Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-exploresemdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Exploration of Semantic Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-extended-web [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the The Extended Web Community Group which closed on 2016-04-29. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-federated-commerce [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Federated Commerce Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fedid [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Federated Identities for the Open Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fedsocweb [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Federated Social Web Community Group. public-film [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Film Industry Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-financialservices-bg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Financial Services Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fixing-appcache [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Fixing Application Cache Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fkg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Functional Knowledge Graph Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-font-text [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Font and Text Community Group. Group closed 2023-10-16. public-forms [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: This was a public mailing list for the (now closed) Forms Working Group. Database-backed, subscribers are members of the Forms WG. public-forms-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive] public-forms-tf [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: joint task force per March 2007 HTML WG charter and Forms WG charter public-foss-3d [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the 3D FOSS Web Development Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-06 public-fpmvocab [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Follow Public Money all the Way Vocabulary Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-futurepay [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Future of e-payments Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-fx-editors [Historical list - Inactive]Track CVS commits for FX task force public-gdw-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Original public comment list for Geo Data on the Web charter. Now superseded and no longer active. public-geometryapi [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Geometry API Community Group. public-geosemweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Geospatial Semantic Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-geospatial-data-use [Historical list - Inactive] public-gld-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list is no longer active. It served as the publicly-writable list for the Government Linked Data WG that formally closed on 4th July 2014. Many of the themes of the GLD were taken up by the Data on the Web Best Practices WG in December 2013, in particular extensions to DCAT. You may want to e-mail public-dwbp-comments@w3.org. public-gld-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This was the primary mailing list for the Government Linked data Working Group that was formally closed on 4 July 2014. The list is no longer active but the archive will remain visible here indefinitely. public-glossary [Historical list - Inactive] public-gpu-vendors [Historical list - Inactive] public-graph-standardization [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Graph Standardization Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-graphql-rdf [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Bridging GraphQL and RDF Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-grddl-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the discussion list for participants in the GRDDL Working Group. public-gxymet [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Galaxy Metaverse Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-haml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Hyper Application Markup Language Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hardware-pixels [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed The Hardware Pixel Community Group. public-hb-secure-services [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Hardware Based Secure Services Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hcls-coi [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: Semantic Web Clinical Observations Interoperability Task Force of the Health Care and Life Sciences Interest Group public-hcls-dse [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity:Semantic Web The mailing list of the Drug Safety and Efficacy Task Force of the Health Care and Life Sciences Interest Group public-hfvrp [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HFVRP Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hme-editors [Historical list - Inactive] public-hns [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Handshake Protocol Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hpcweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the High-Performance Computing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-htacg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML Tidy Advocacy Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-htacg-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML Tidy Advocacy Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-htmail [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML for email Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-html-a11y [Historical list - Inactive]List archives for tThe HTML Accessibility Task Force which is now closed. public-html-admin [Historical list - Inactive]Administrativia list for the HTML Working Group public-html-bugzilla [Historical list - Inactive]For distributing and archiving all messages generated for the "HTML WG" product in the public W3C bugzilla instance. public-html-data-tf [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list of the Microdata/RDFa Task Force, whose goal is to analyze the relationship between the two formats public-html-diffs [Historical list - Inactive]This list is an automated notification list. For each change to an HTML document maintained in the dev.w3.org/html5 repository space, a notification with a URL for a diff is posted to this list. public-html-dynamic-extensions [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Declarative Dynamic Extensions to HTML Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-html-editors [Historical list - Inactive]This is a list for coordination between people editing specs in the HTML WG. public-html-ig-jp [Historical list - Inactive]The mission of the HTML5 Japanese Interest Group, part of the HTML Activity, is to facilitate focused discussion in Japanese of the HTML5 specification and of specifications closely related to HTML5, to gather comments and questions in Japanese about those specifications, to collect information about specific use cases in Japan for technologies defined in those specifications, and to report the results of its activities as a group back to the HTML Working Group, as well as to other relevant groups and to the W3C membership and community. public-html-ig-ko [Historical list - Inactive]Korean-language discussion of HTML5 and related technologies public-html-ig-zh [Historical list - Inactive]Chinese-language discussion of HTML5 and related technologies. public-html-mail [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: Discussion of HTML and email - authoring, security, and rendering. public-html-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive] Development of test suites for HTML-related specifications. public-html-wg-announce [Historical list - Inactive]Announcements of surveys, drafts, formal propsals, and other important HTML WG business. public-html-wg-issue-tracking [Historical list - Inactive]Automated notifications and discussion related to HTML WG issue tracking. public-html5-performance [Historical list - Inactive] public-html5jp [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML5 Japanese Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-html5kr [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTML5 Korean Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-html5spec [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the HTML5 Specifications Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-httpslocal [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the HTTPS in Local Network Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-hypertext-cg [Historical list - Inactive]This is a public list for public discussions of the Hypertext Coordination group public-i18n-arch [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion list of the Internationalization Architecture Working Group. public-i18n-geo [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list for the Internationalization Guidelines, Education & Outreach (GEO) Working Group. public-i18n-its [Historical list - Inactive] public-i18n-jlreq [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list was created by mistake. You are probably looking for public-jlreq-admin@w3.org. public-i18n-ws [Historical list - Inactive]Web Services Task Force of the Internationalization Working Group. public-ict2010-session [Historical list - Inactive]Organizers of the ICT-2010 Session on Governmental Linked Data public-idcg [Historical list - Inactive]Group closed 2021-05-26. This was the public mailing list for the Inclusion and Diversity Community Group which merged with the Positive Work Environment Community Group. public-identity [Historical list - Inactive]To discuss the role of identity at the W3C. public-idiw [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Inclusive Design for the Immersive Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ietf-collation [Historical list - Inactive] public-ilreq-admin [Historical list - Inactive]This was the administrative list for the work of the Indic Layout Task Force, which has now been closed. All technical discussion took place on public-i18n-indic@w3.org. This mailing list is now closed, and the successor to this task force is the India International Program, and the corresponding archive is https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-iip-admin/ public-inbandtracks [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Media Resource In-band Tracks Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-india-i18n-programme [Historical list - Inactive]faciliate communications of a global team working on i18n in India public-india-timezone-dpub-ig [Historical list - Inactive]Alternate time-zone group for the Digital Publishing IG public-indie-ui [Historical list - Inactive]Primary discussion list for the Independent User Interface (IndieUI) Working Group and Task Force. public-indie-ui-members [Historical list - Inactive]Members of the IndieUI Working Group. public-infographics [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessible Infographics Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-infographics-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessible Infographics Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-interactive-media [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Interactive Media Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-interative-apis [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Interactive APIs Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-interop-remedies [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Interoperability Remedies Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-invited-experts [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for W3C Invited Experts. public-iok-se [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Internet of Kendo Secure Equipment Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-iotpay [Historical list - Inactive]This list is managed by the Web Commerce Interest Group to foster discussion about IOT Payments. public-ipid [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Internet Protocol Identity Community Group. public-iri [Historical list - Inactive] Maintaining Activity: Internationalization This is the public mailing list of the IETF IRI Working Group. The Working Group will update the IRI document; see http://tools.ietf.org/wg/iri for charter, scope, work items. Note that http://www.ietf.org/about/note-well.html applies to all contributions to this mailing list. public-irobar [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Robustness and Archiving Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-irobar-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Robustness and Archiving Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-iss-im [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Instant Syndicating Standards Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-iswc-hcls-bof [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: Semantic Web List Purpose: This mailing list is for organizing a Semantic Web Health Care and Life Sciences BOF at the 6th International Semantic Web Conference(ISWC 2007) in Busan Korea. public-itlcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Interlinear Text Layout Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-jseverywhere [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Client and Server JavaScript APIs Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-jswebfig [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the JavaScript Web Framework Interoperability Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-junkgroup [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Junk Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-kiss [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open knowledge-driven service-oriented system architectures and APIs (KiSS) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-knowledge-domain [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Knowledge Domain Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-law [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Law and Technology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ld-dev [Historical list - Inactive] public-lda [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Linked Data for Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ldp [Historical list - Inactive] public-ldp-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-ldp-patch [Historical list - Inactive] public-ldp-wg [Historical list - Inactive] public-ldpnext [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the LDP Next Community Group. Group closed 2023-10-16. public-ldql [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Linked Data Query Language Community Group which closed on 2016-04-29. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-learnonline [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the E-learning: Evolving technologies and growing reach Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-learnonline-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the E-learning: Evolving technologies and growing reach Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-licensed-content [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Licensed Content Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-linkedculture [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Exposing and Linking Cultural Heritage data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-livestockdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Livestock Data Interchange Standards Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-lld [Historical list - Inactive]List Closed. This list was the Community mailing-list around the Library Linked Data Incubator Group which closed in October 2011. public-locadd [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Locations and Addresses Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-logo-design [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussion and collaboration on logos, icons, and other visual designs for W3C technologies and projects, initially a CSS logo. public-lom2ld [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Exposing IEEE LOM metadata as Linked Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-low-vision-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Comments on Low Vision Task Force work. public-lrs-comment [Historical list - Inactive] public-maps-workshop-pc [Historical list - Inactive] public-markdown [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Markdown Community Group. public-mathml4 [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the MathML Refresh Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-mathonwebpages [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Getting Math onto Web Pages Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mathprotocol [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Math Protocol Handler Community Group. public-mbui [Historical list - Inactive]A public mailing list for discussing model based user interfaces public-mca [Historical list - Inactive] public-md-ordrl-profile [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Rights Automation for Market Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-meat [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Meat Products Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-media-annotation [Historical list - Inactive]Public list for the Media Annotations Working Group public-media-capture [Historical list - Inactive]This list was used by the Media Capture Task Force until September 2018. Discussions on Media Capture documents now happen on the public-webrtc@w3.org mailing list. public-media-capture-logs [Historical list - Inactive] public-media-types [Historical list - Inactive]Media types registered in the standards tree by the IETF itself MUST be reviewed and approved by the IESG as part of the normal standards process. This mailing list is intended for media types registered by W3C. public-mediadelivery [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Media Delivery Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-memoria [Historical list - Inactive]This list was created to provide a forum for collecting memoriam of W3C personnel. public-merchant [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Merchant Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-merchantbg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Merchant Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. This group was updated to a Community Group in June 2021, with shortname changed from merchantbg to merchant. public-mfxmedia [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the MFX Media Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-microposts [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Microposts Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-microxml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the MicroXML Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mixedreality [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Mixed Reality Service Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-mixedreality-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public-contrib mailing list for the Mixed Reality Service Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-ml-schema [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Machine Learning Schema Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-mlw-announce [Historical list - Inactive]This list is used to announce information about the W3C's MultilingualWeb workshops. It provides a mail-based alternative for announcements on the @multilingweb twitter stream, the MultlingualWeb Facebook page, and the www.multilingualweb.eu home page. public-mlw-workshop [Historical list - Inactive]Archive for announcements to the attendees of the Luxembourg workshop of the MultilingualWeb project. public-mmarkup [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Multi Markup Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mobile-dev [Historical list - Inactive]A discussion forum for Mobile Web developers to exchange techniques on how to create great Web sites and applications for mobile devices. public-mobile-training [Historical list - Inactive] public-mobileacc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Mobile Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mobileok-checker [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: BPWG task force working on an open-source project that tests conformance to mobileOK Basic. public-mobindic [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Mobile Web in Indian Languages Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-model [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Algorithmic Modelling Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-modernguide [Historical list - Inactive] public-most-important-priorities [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of W3C Most Important Priorities (part of Adisory Board 2014-2015 Priorities work) public-mqmcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Multidimensional Quality Metrics (MQM) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mstagedgroup [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Staged group M. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-multi-pos [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Multi-technology positioning professionals Community Group. Group closed 2016-09-14. public-multicast [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Multicast Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-multilingualweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is a public list for open discussion of standards relating to the Multilingual Web. It supports the work of the MultlingualWeb project, coordinated by the W3C but lead by 22 partners from industry, academia and standards organizations. public-multilingualweb-lt [Historical list - Inactive] public-multilingualweb-lt-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is used to gather feedback about the deliverables of the MultilingualWeb-LT Working Group. public-multilingualweb-lt-commits [Historical list - Inactive]Diffs of new commits to drafts from the MultilingualWeb-LT Working Group are automatically sent here. public-multilingualweb-lt-tests [Historical list - Inactive]List for discussion of test related topics in the MultilingualWeb-LT Working Group. public-mw4d [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: Mobile Web Initiative List Purpose: Mailing list for the Mobile Web for Social Development Interest Group. public-mweb-news [Historical list - Inactive] public-mwi-ec [Historical list - Inactive]This will be the list for public discussion on the workshop on Mobile Web in Developing Countries. public-mwma [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Merging of Web and Mobile APP Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mws [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Multilingual Web Sites Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-mwts [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion list for MWI Test Suite WG public-n3-discuss [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion on N3, Turtle, and related syntaxes for RDF public-native-web-apps [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Native Web Apps Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-net-maint [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Network Maintenance Notifications Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-networked-data [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Networked Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-networkfriendly [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Network-Friendly App and WebApp Best Bractices Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-new-work-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list was used for public feedback on charters in review. This mailing list has been closed in favor of public-new-work@w3.org. public-newstagegroup1 [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the New Stage Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-nextweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Extensible Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-nfc [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion on Near Field Communications (NFC) in relation to Web technologies public-nli [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Natural Language Interfaces for the Web of Data Community Group. public-numericweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Metric Spaces on the Web which closed on 2016-04-29. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-oerschema [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Open Educational Resources Schema Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-offline-url [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Offline URL Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-offx [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the OFF/X Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ogsw [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion forum for experts in the Oil & Gas industry who want to explore the possibilities of using Semantic Web technologies in this area. public-oilgaschem [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Oil, Gas and Chemicals Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ole-comment [Historical list - Inactive] public-olsn [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Universal Safety Net for Online Learning Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-omn [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Federated Infrastructures Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-onboarding [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list of the the Headlight 2014 on W3C Community On-Boarding public-opd [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Organisation Profile Documents Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-openannotation [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Annotation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opendatadir [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Data Directory Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opendatanepal [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Data Nepal Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opendataspain [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Data Spain Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opened [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Linked Education Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opengov [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Government Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opensci [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open Science Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-opentag [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Technical Architecture Community Group. Group closed 2023-10-16. public-openw3c [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Open and Transparent W3C Community Group. This group closed on 2017-03-16. public-orca [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ORCA - Object-RTC API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-orca-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ORCA - Object-RTC API Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-ortc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ORTC (Object Real-time Communications) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ortc-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the ORTC (Object Real-time Communications) Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-oslcperfmon [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the OSLC Performance Monitoring Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ostatus [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed OStatus Community Group. public-owl-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public feedback mailing list for the OWL Working Group. public-owl-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: Semantic Web List Purpose: Technical discussion of the OWL Working Group. public-owled [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the OWL: Experiences and Directions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-p3p [Historical list - Inactive] public-p3p-spec [Historical list - Inactive] public-p3p-ws [Historical list - Inactive]List for the P3P workshops. public-paidcontent [Historical list - Inactive]2018-03-21: Group closed. This was the public mailing list for the Paid Content Community Group. public-palcg [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Public Alert Community Group. public-payments-commerce-a11y [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Payments and Commerce Accessibility Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-payments-strategy [Historical list - Inactive] public-payments-testing [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of testing for Web Payment WG deliverables public-pdf-open-data [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the PDF and Open Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pfwg [Historical list - Inactive]This list has been closed. Lists for the Protocols and Formats Working Group have been replaced by groups for the Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group and the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Working Group. Previously, this was the primary discussion list for members of the Protocols and Formats Working Group, with public archive. Largely replaces the list w3c-wai-pf. public-pfwg-test [Historical list - Inactive]This list has been closed. Lists for the Protocols and Formats Working Group have been replaced by groups for the Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group and the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Working Group. Previously, this was the archive discussions of activity related to testing PFWG specifications. public-philoweb [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Philosophy of the Web Community Group. Group closed 2023-10-11. public-physical-ledger [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Physical Ledger Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pkg-uri-scheme [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of a scheme for package URIs. public-places [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Places Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-planning [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Automated Planning and Scheduling Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-07. public-playlist-a11y [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessible Playlist Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pling [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: Privacy Activity List Purpose: Policy Language Interest Group public-poe-archives [Historical list - Inactive] public-poe-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-poe-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list of the Permissions and Obligations Expression Working Group. public-pointer-events-bugzilla [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for tracking issues with the Pointer Events specification. public-poiwg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the archive of the mailing list for the original W3C Points of Interest Working Group. public-pom [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Publications Object Model Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-powderwg [Historical list - Inactive]List purpose: Public mailing list for the Protocol for Web Description Resources (POWDER) Working Group public-ppl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Print and Page Layout Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-prime-arch [Historical list - Inactive] public-privacy06ws [Historical list - Inactive]Follow-up discussions among participants in the October 2006 W3C Privacy Workshop public-process-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list, which has a public archive, is for comments about the W3C Process Document, which is managed by the W3C Advisory Board. The Advisory Board welcomes comments on this list about the Process Document from Members and public alike. Due to the frequency of Advisory Board meetings (typically once per month), your comments may not receive replies for at least several weeks. Furthermore, because the W3C Process Document evolves slowly, proposed changes may not appear for quite some time. public-procmodel-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-pronto [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now clossed Process Ontology Community Group. public-propertygraphs [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Property Graphs Model and API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-prov [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for information discussion about provenance exchange technologies at W3C, especially those being discussed by the Provenance Working Group. Members of that Working Group may chose to participate on this list, but they also might not. Review comments on specs should instead be sent to public-prov-comments. public-prov-dev [Historical list - Inactive] public-prov-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussion among the participants of the Provenance Working Group. public-prtbl-prsnl-prefs [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Portable Personal Data Preferences Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-psi-std [Historical list - Inactive]Government Data Done well -- a Digital Agenda Idea. public-ptbcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Product Tracing & Blockchain Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-pua [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Private User Agent Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-publ-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Primary mailing list of the Publishing Working Group. This Working Group has been closed on the 20th of June 2023; the discussions and document maintenance have been transferred to the Publishing Maintenance Working Group. public-publishing-bg-epubrec-tf [Historical list - Inactive] public-pubrules-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for public comments on the requirements and tooling related to publications by W3C Working and Interest Groups. public-pubsub [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed PubSubHubbub Community Group. public-push-pag [Historical list - Inactive] public-qt-extensions [Historical list - Inactive]For discussion of possible cross-vendor extensions to XPath, XQuery, XSLT and related specifications, and to work with organisations such as exquery and expath. This is not a list for support. Please do not ask questions about how to use XQuery, XSLT, XPath, PHP, or how to tie shoelaces. public-quatro [Historical list - Inactive] public-rax [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the RDF and XML Interoperability Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rdb2rdf-comments [Historical list - Inactive]For public comments on any drafts or recommendations produced by the RDB2RDF Working Group. This group is producing standards for mapping relational data to RDF. public-rdb2rdf-wg [Historical list - Inactive]The public mailing list for the RDB2RDF Working Group, which is creating standards for deploying RDF from relational databases. public-rdf [Historical list - Inactive]This list is deactivated. Use the semantic-web mailing list instead. public-rdf-dawg [Historical list - Inactive]RDF Data Access Working Group mailing list public-rdf-in-xhtml-tf [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list of the RDF in XHTML Task Force, part of the Semantic Web Deployment Working Group, in coordination with the XHTML2 Working Group (Closed) public-rdf-prov [Historical list - Inactive]Discussions of joint task force of the RDF Working Group and Provenance Working Group. Participants must be members of at least one of the two WGs. public-rdf-tap [Historical list - Inactive]Forum for discussion relating to the development of the opensource TAP project. public-rdf-text [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of the joint task force of RIF and OWL on handling of RDF language-tagged string literals public-rdf-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list of the RDF Working Group (not active any more) public-rdf-workshop [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list for the participants of the "RDF Next Step" W3C Workshop, Stanford, Palo Alto, US, June 26-27, 2010. public-rdf-ws [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list for the participants of the "RDF Next Step" W3C Workshop, Stanford, Palo Alto, US, June 26-27, 2010. public-rdfa-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Public Mailing list of the RDFa Working Group public-rebase [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Rebase Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-remotedom [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Remote DOM Community Group. public-resilientweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Resilient Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-respimg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Responsive Images Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-restonto [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Restaurant Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-restrictedmedia [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Restricted Media Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rex-pag [Historical list - Inactive]W3C has chartered a Patent Advisory Group (PAG) to advise the W3C on patent disclosures by France Telecom relating to the Remote Events for XML (REX) 1.0 Specification public-rif-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Technical Discussion List for the Rule Interchange Format Working Group. public-rosc [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Research Object for Scholarly Communication Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-rsocket [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the RSocket Protocol Specification Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rtie [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Real Time Interaction Ecosystem Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-rtos [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Respectful Terms of Service Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-rule-workshop-discuss [Historical list - Inactive] public-rww [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Read Write Web Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-schema-gen [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Schema Generator Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-schemaorg-developers [Historical list - Inactive]This is a public discussion list for technical collaboration amongst developers working with Schema.org data. It is part of the Schema.org Community Group. public-schemata-users [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussions between users/writers of schemata in any language (W3 XML Schema, RelaxNG, for example); in particular authors of modular and reusable schemata. Discussion of ways to combine schemata produced by different groups (such as NVDL), authoring best practices, and practical aspects such as level of support in different tools, are all on topic. public-scholarlyhtml [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Scholarly HTML Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-scriptlib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Script Library Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sdshare [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SDshare Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sdw-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-security-disclosure [Historical list - Inactive]This list was intended to organizations interested in protecting their users and applications from fraud, malware, and computer viruses, as well as interested in ensuring proper adherence to security and privacy considerations included in W3C Recommendations. See also W3C Security Disclosures Best Practices. public-semind [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Semantic Industries Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-12. public-semnews [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic News. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-semstats [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Statistics Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-semtechdoc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Technical Documentation in the Semantic Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-semweb-neuropath [Historical list - Inactive] public-semwebprog [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Semantic Web Programming Languages Community Group. public-sensorweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web of Sensors Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-service-disco [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Service Discovery Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-services [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Document Services Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sesmanbro [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Session management functionality exposed to the browser Community Group. public-signage-tmp [Historical list - Inactive]List to discuss digital signage possibly in preparation for a Workshop. public-simplyseo [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Open Source SEO Community Group. public-site-design [Historical list - Inactive]This list is used for Headlights 2013 site redesign task force. public-skosowlinterop [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SKOS and OWL for Interoperabilty Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-smarg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Bridge Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-smartcontracts [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Smart Contracts Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-smartmfg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Smart Manufacturing Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sml [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: XML List Purpose: See Service Modeling Language Working Group Charter public-sml-eds [Historical list - Inactive]ListPurpose: List of the SML Editors public-sml-qa [Historical list - Inactive]ListPurpose: Archiving notifications of changes to Bugzilla issues related to the SML Working Group. public-socbiz [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Social Business Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-socbizcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the W3C Social Business Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-social-interest [Historical list - Inactive] public-social-web-talk [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list for people interested in social web and social networking public-socialweb [Historical list - Inactive] public-socialweb-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-sodata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic/Open/Data/Community/Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-spade [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Smart Phone Application Developer Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sparql-12 [Historical list - Inactive]This list is deactivated. Use the public-sparql-dev-cg mailing list instead. This is the public mailing list for the SPARQL 1.2 Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sparql-exists [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SPARQL Maintenance (EXISTS) Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sparql-ml [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SPARQL-ML Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-spec-annotation [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of the experimental specification annotation system. public-spec-annotation-help [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for requesting help on the Spec Annotation tool. public-speced-cg [Historical list - Inactive]This list is now closed in favor of spec-prod. public-speech-api [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Speech API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-speech-api-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Speech API Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-ssn-cg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Sensor Networks Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-stellarturrets [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Stellar Turrets Protocol Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-stemwidgets [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Open and Interactive Widgets for STEM Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-stereoweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Stereoscopic 3D Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-stories [Historical list - Inactive] public-stroke-fonts [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Stroke Fonts Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-success-fail [Historical list - Inactive] public-svg-a11y [Historical list - Inactive]Working list for the SVG Accessibility Task Force. public-svg-ig [Historical list - Inactive]This list is no longer active. Please post questions or comments on SVG to www-svg instead. This list was formerly a public technical discussion forum for the Scalable Vector Graphics Interest Group. public-svg-ig-jp [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for anyone interested in the work of the Japanese Chapter of the SVG Interest Group, to discuss SVG issues in the Japanese language and culture, dealing with Japan-specific market needs. public-svg-implementors [Historical list - Inactive] public-svg-media-type [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussion of the SVG media type, image/svg+xml. public-svg-print [Historical list - Inactive] public-svg-zh [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the svg-zh Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svga11y [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Accessible SVG Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svgadvgrad [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SVG Advanced Gradients Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svgcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SVG Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svgmap [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SVG Mapping Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svgopentype [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SVG glyphs for OpenType Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-svgstreaming [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the SVG Streaming Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sw-meaning [Historical list - Inactive] public-swbp-wg [Historical list - Inactive] public-swd-wg [Historical list - Inactive] public-sweo-ig [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion forum for general education and outreach issues around the Semantic Web. public-swim [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Semantic Water interoperability Model Community Group. public-swisig [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Semantic Web Interfaces Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-swisig-viso [Historical list - Inactive] public-swls-ws [Historical list - Inactive] public-sws-ig [Historical list - Inactive] public-syndicatedmedia [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the syndicated.media Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-synthetic-media [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Synthetic Media Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-sysapps [Historical list - Inactive]System Applications mailing list public-tai [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Trustworthy AI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-te-pag [Historical list - Inactive] public-techplenary [Historical list - Inactive]This public list is used by the program committee of W3C's Technical Plenary meeting. public-testthewebforward [Historical list - Inactive] public-testtwf [Historical list - Inactive] public-testtwf-planning [Historical list - Inactive]This list is reserved to discuss planning of Test the Web Forward events. public-theunitiveweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the The Unitive Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-timed-text [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Timed Text Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-timesh [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Federated Timesheets Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-tnsblockchain [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the TNS Blockchain Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tpac-planning [Historical list - Inactive] public-tpac-unconference [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for W3C TPAC breakout/unconference. It reaches W3C Team members participating in the TPAC no-scramble group. Anyone may post. public-trace-context-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list of the Distributed Tracing Working Group. public-tracker-dev [Historical list - Inactive] public-tracking [Historical list - Inactive] public-tracking-announce [Historical list - Inactive] public-tracking-charter [Historical list - Inactive] public-tracking-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Public comments to the Tracking Protection Working Group and general discussion of related topics. public-tracking-commit [Historical list - Inactive]Diffs of new commits to WG drafts are automatically sent here. public-tracking-international [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of applicability of Do Not Track to various national legal systems by a sub-group of the Tracking Protection Working Group. public-tracking-lists [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of the Tracking Selection List specification by a sub-group of the Tracking Protection Working Group. public-traffic [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Traffic Event Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-transportation-data [Historical list - Inactive] public-trustperms [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Trust & Permissions Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tvapi [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the TV Control API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-tvcontrol [Historical list - Inactive]Main mailing-list of the now closed TV Control Working Group. public-uaag2-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: WAI List Purpose: This mailing list provides an archive of comments on draft documents relating to the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (UAAG 2.0). More information about the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines Working Group (UAWG) is available at http://www.w3.org/WAI/UA/. public-uad [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Ubiquitous Application Design Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-ubiweb [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion about the vision of the Ubiquitous Web and the relationship to existing and potential new standards work. This list is associated with the Wiki at http://www.w3.org/2006/ubiweb-wiki/W3C_Ubiquitous_Web_Wiki . public-ucid [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the TNS UCID Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-unctsw [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Uncertainty, Trust and the Semantic Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-unicorn [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion around Unicorn - W3C's Unified Validator. Disabled, use public-qa-dev@w3.org instead. public-universalimages [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Universal Images Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-uri-cg [Historical list - Inactive]List of the coordination group for the ongoing work in the area of Uniform Resource Identifiers (URIs) public-urispec [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed URI Specification Community Group. public-url [Historical list - Inactive] public-usability-workshop [Historical list - Inactive] public-userix [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the User Interaction and Experience Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-uwa [Historical list - Inactive]List purpose: This is the public mailing list for the Ubiquitous Web Applications Working Group, which seeks to extend the Web to all kinds of devices including sensors and effectors. Application areas include home monitoring and control, home entertainment, office equipment, mobile and automotive. public-vc-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for public comments relating to any of the documents produced by the W3C Verifiable Claims Working Group. Please include a short name of the document you're commenting on together with a description in the subject line. Use a separate email message for issues that should be considered separately. Please use this list only if it is not possible for you to file github issues; the Working Group will take messages posted here and turn them into githiub issues. Thank you. public-veres-one [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Veres One Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-video-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Mainting Activity: Architecture Domain List purpose: Comments on the video workshop report. public-videogameschema [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Video Game Schema Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-vision-core [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion list for W3C task force on refining the Core mission of W3C. public-vision-newstd [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion list for W3C task force on making W3C the place for new Web standards. public-vivo [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the VIVO Open Research Networking Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-voice-assistant [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Voice Assistant Standardisation Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-volunteering-ontology [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Volunteering Ontology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-voter-decision-support [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Voter Decision Support Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-voting [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Voting system Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-vrwebmetaverse [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Virtual Reality website and Metaverse Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-vxmlcg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the VoiceXML Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-w3c-anniversaries [Historical list - Inactive] public-w3c-brand [Historical list - Inactive] public-w3c-digest [Historical list - Inactive]Archives of the W3C weekly digest of news and trends, a public email newsletter that aggregates information about W3C from online media. public-w3c-talk-china [Historical list - Inactive] public-w3c-women [Historical list - Inactive] See the new archive. This was the public mailing list for the W3C Women Community Group which became the Inclusion and Diversity Community Group in November 2018. public-w3cdevhr [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Croatian Web Developers Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-w3id [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the User Identity on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-w3qc [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the W3Qubec Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wai-age [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion on Web accessibility and ageing provided by the WAI-Age Project) public-wai-eo-badtf [Historical list - Inactive] public-wai-eo-lexicon [Historical list - Inactive] public-wai-eo-site [Historical list - Inactive] public-wai-eo-umtf [Historical list - Inactive]EOWG User Materials Task Force public-wai-eo-wcag2tf [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG 2.0 Materials Support Task Force public-wai-ert [Historical list - Inactive]Evaluation and Repair Tools Working Group public-wai-ert-tsdtf [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG 2.0 Test Samples Development Task Force public-wai-evaltf [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG 2.0 Evaluation Methodology Task Force (Eval TF) public-wai-events [Historical list - Inactive]Public archive of WAI events from March 1999 to April 2002. public-wai-rd [Historical list - Inactive]List for W3C/WAI's Research and Development Interest Group. public-wai-rd-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-wai-rd-submission [Historical list - Inactive]Submission to the Research and Development Working Group (RDWG) public-wasarchives [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed World Archives of Sciences Community Group. public-wcag-em-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Comments on the Website Accessibility Conformance Evaluation Methodology (WCAG EM) specification public-wcag-rapid-response [Historical list - Inactive]Triage and rapid response for WCAG public comments. public-wcag-teama [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG WG task force "team a" public-wcag-teamb [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG WG task force "team b" public-wcag-teamc [Historical list - Inactive]WCAG WG task force "team c" public-wearableweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Wearable Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-api-discovery [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the WebAPI Discovery Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-cert-api [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Certificate API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-commerce [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Web Commerce Community Group. public-web-copyright [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Copyright Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-http-desc [Historical list - Inactive] public-web-intents [Historical list - Inactive] public-web-mobile [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list to discuss Web and Mobile; formerly the list of the now closed Web and Mobile Interest Group public-web-native [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web-Native Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-web-notification [Historical list - Inactive]The Web Notification Working Group closed in October 2015, after successfully publishing the Web Notifications Recommendation. This list remains available as place for people to send comments and bug reports on the Web Notifications Recommendation. public-web-payments [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion on use cases, requirements and standardization for Web payments public-web-perf-ig [Historical list - Inactive]The mission of the Web Performance Interest Group, part of the Rich Web Client Activity, is dedicated to creating a faster user experience on the Web. The Interest Group will produce use cases and requirements for future deliverables of the Web Performance Working Group. public-web-platform-tests-notifications [Historical list - Inactive]This list publishes notifications from the web-platform-tests repository on GitHub, prefixed with spec [shortname] so that they can easily be filtered by a mail client. public-web-plugins [Historical list - Inactive] public-web-vs-covid19 [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web fights covid19 Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webandbroadcasting [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web and Broadcasting Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webapi [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list of the Web APIs Working Group. public-webapps-bugzilla [Historical list - Inactive] public-webapps-cdf-discuss [Historical list - Inactive] public-webapps-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive]Development of test suites for WebApps WG specifications. public-webapps-ui [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the WebApps UI Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webappscp [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web App Source Code Protection Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webappsec-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive] public-webappstore [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Application Store Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webarchivability [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Archivability Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webarraymath [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Web Array Math Community Group. public-webassembly-users [Historical list - Inactive] public-webauthn-pag [Historical list - Inactive] public-webcgm [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for public discussion of the WebCGM specification. public-webcgm-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list for the Public WebCGM Working Group, part of the Graphics Activity. public-webcommerce-ig [Historical list - Inactive] public-webcomponents-pag [Historical list - Inactive] public-webconsent [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Consent on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webcrypto [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Web Cryptography Working Group. public-webcrypto-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This was used by the Web Cryptography WG. public-webcryptoapi [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Crypto API Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webcurrencies [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Currencies Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webdev-docs [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussion of W3C's wiki-based documentation. public-webdevdata [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Dev Data Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webeco [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Ecology Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webed [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Education Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webed-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Education Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-webed-jp [Historical list - Inactive] public-webed-tk [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion in Turkish about Web Education. Linked to the Web Education Community Group. public-webevents [Historical list - Inactive]This list is closed. Errata, comments, and questions can be directed to the Touch Events Community Group. Formerly, this was the list for technical discussion for the Web Events Working Group, on the topics of touch interface events (for smartphones, tablets, whiteboards, etc.) and high-level, device-independent user-action events. public-webhaptics [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Haptic Interaction on the Web Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webize [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Webize Everything Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webizen [Historical list - Inactive]This list was for discussion of a Webizen Program as part of Headlights 2014 public-webmidi [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Web MIDI Community Group. public-webobservatory [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Observatory Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webpayments [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Payments Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webpayments-flows [Historical list - Inactive]The Web Payments Working Group uses this mailing list to discuss payment flows. public-webpayments-ig [Historical list - Inactive] public-webpaymentsigcharter [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Payments Charter Development Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webperfs [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Performance Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webplatform [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for contributors to the Web Platform Docs project, for general discussion not covered by other webplatform lists. public-webplatform-bugs [Historical list - Inactive]WebPlatform bugs list public-webplatform-jp [Historical list - Inactive]WebPlatform.org (This list is for the Japanese community of WebPlatform.org.) public-webplatform-news [Historical list - Inactive] public-webplatform-tests [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for the discussion of testing, compatibility tables, and related topics. public-webplatzh [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Platform Chinese Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webprotoenergy [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Protocols and Energy Utilization Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webrtc-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive] public-websignage [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web-based Signage Business Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webskillprofiles [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Skill Profiles Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webtv [Historical list - Inactive]Web on TV workshop follow-up discussion, etc. public-webtvmoderator [Historical list - Inactive] public-webtvws-presenters [Historical list - Inactive] public-webvr [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the WebVR Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-webzakim [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Zakim on Web Community Group. public-whatwg [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the now closed Web Hypertext Application Technology Community Group. public-whatwg-archive [Historical list - Inactive]W3C mirror/archive of whatwg@whatwg.org mailing list public-whatwg-contrib [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web Hypertext Application Technology Community Group that is intended for contributions from participants to the Reports developed by the group. Only group participants may post to this list. public-widgets-pag [Historical list - Inactive]This list was created to receive information from the public on prior art for the Widgets Update PAG public-wiki-dev [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for talking about the development (installation, configuration, customization, and extension) of wikis at W3C for W3C groups, including wiki-related tools. Administrative requests (eg for a new wiki) and such should still go to sysreq@w3.org. public-wot [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web of Things Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-wot-charter [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for discussion of the proposed charter for the Web of Things Interest Group public-wot-comms [Historical list - Inactive] public-wpd-analytics [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-addressing-eds [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-addressing-tests [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list to gather tests for Web Services Addressing 1.0 test suite. public-ws-async-tf [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-chor [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-chor-editors [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-desc-eds [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list for WS Description editors and CVS reports on WSD documents. public-ws-desc-meps [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-desc-qa [Historical list - Inactive]QA mailing for Buzilla public-ws-desc-state [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-media-types [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-pnf-tf [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-policy-eds [Historical list - Inactive]Maling for the Web Services Policy Editors. public-ws-policy-interop [Historical list - Inactive]Public list for interoperability testing of the Web Services Policy Working Group. public-ws-policy-qa [Historical list - Inactive]Public list for archiving notifications of changes to Bugzilla issues related to the Web Services Policy Working Group. public-ws-resource-access-editors [Historical list - Inactive] public-ws-resource-access-notifications [Historical list - Inactive]Bugzilla of the Web Services Resource Access. public-ws-semann [Historical list - Inactive]Public discussion list of the Semantic Annotations for WSDL Working Group public-wsa-refact [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group's architecture document refactoring task force. public-wsawg-gloss [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group for glossary discussions. public-wsawg-mtf [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group's management task force (MTF). public-wsawg-security-tf [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion list used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group's security task force. public-wsc-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Web Security Context Working Group public-wsec [Historical list - Inactive]List purpose: W3C Workshop on Web of Services for Enterprise Computing public-wtf [Historical list - Inactive]This mailing list served as the discussion forum for the WhatTF, a joint task force between CSS WG and TAG on the design of styling APIs. It was replaced by public-houdini@w3.org. public-wwca [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Web We Can Afford Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xapivocabulary [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the Experience API (xAPI) Vocabulary & Semantic Interoperability Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. public-xdmdl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Extensible Data Model Declaration Language for Education Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xforms [Historical list - Inactive]List Purpose: Public mailing list for the Forms Working Group public-xg-app-backplane [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Rich Web Application Backplane XG Incubator Group. public-xg-audio [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Audio Incubator Group. public-xg-cwl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Common Web Language Incubator Group. public-xg-cwl-ei [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Common Web Language Evaluation and Installation Incubator Group. public-xg-decision [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Decisions and Decision-Making Incubator Group. public-xg-eiif [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Emergency Information Interoperability Framework Incubator Group. public-xg-emotion [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Emotion Incubator Group. public-xg-federatedsocialweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Federated Social Web Incubator Group which ran between 15 December 2010 and 12 January 2012, when it transition to Federated Social Web Community Group. public-xg-geo [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Geospatial Incubator Group. public-xg-htmlspeech [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the HTML Speech Incubator Group which ran between 30 August 2010 and 6 December 2011. public-xg-lld [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Linked Library Data XG. public-xg-mami [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Media Analysis Management Interface Incubator Group. public-xg-mashssl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the MashSSL Incubator Group. public-xg-mmsem [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the public discussion forum of the Multimedia Semantics XG. public-xg-model-based-ui [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Model-based User Interfaces Incubator Group. public-xg-omm [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Object Memory Modeling Incubator Group. public-xg-owea [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Open Web Education Alliance Incubator Group. public-xg-prov [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Provenance Incubator Group. public-xg-socialweb [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Social Web Incubator Group. public-xg-ssn [Historical list - Inactive] public-xg-swsc [Historical list - Inactive]This was the mailing list archive of the public discussion forum of the SWS Testbed Incubator Group. The Incubator Group has closed on 4 December 2008. The mailing list was closed in February 2016. public-xg-urw3 [Historical list - Inactive]This was the mailing list archive of the public discussion forum of the Uncertainty Reasoning for the World Wide Web Incubator Group. Although the Incubator Group has closed, this list will remain open. public-xg-usdl [Historical list - Inactive]This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Unified Service Description Language Incubator Group. public-xg-w3pm [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: W3C Product Modelling Incubator Group This is the mailing list archive of the Public discussion forum of the Product Modelling Incubator Group. public-xg-wcl [Historical list - Inactive] Purpose: Public mailing list for new Content Label Incubator Group public-xg-webid [Historical list - Inactive]This list has been superseded by public-webid@w3.org. Please direct public messages for the WebID Community Group there. public-xhtml2 [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: HTML Activity List Purpose: This is the public mailing list for the XHTML2 Working Group. public-xkms-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Public comments for the XKMS2 Candidate Recommendation. See the XKMS Working Group Home Page for more info. public-xml-binary [Historical list - Inactive]Public mailing list for the XML Binary Characterization Working Group public-xml-binary-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-xml-core-wg [Historical list - Inactive] public-xml-er [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the XML Error Recovery Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xml-processing-model-wg [Historical list - Inactive]This is a discussion forum for the XML Processing Model Working Group. public-xml-schema-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive] public-xml-schema-testsuite-submit [Historical list - Inactive] public-xml-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of the XML test suite. public-xml-versioning [Historical list - Inactive] public-xmlhypermedia [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the XML Hypermedia Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xmlperf [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the XML Performance Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xmlsec-discuss [Historical list - Inactive]Follow-up discussions to the September 2007 XML Security Workshop. public-xmlsec-maintwg [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list of the XML Security Specifications Maintenance Working Group. See Joining Instructions. public-xpath-next [Historical list - Inactive]This is the public mailing list for the Xpath Next Community Group. Anyone may read or write to this list. public-xqts-comments [Historical list - Inactive] public-xsl-query [Historical list - Inactive]Technical discussion of XQuery and of specifications shared between the XSLT and XQuery Working Groups. public-xsl-wg [Historical list - Inactive]XSLT Working Group list public-zhreq [Historical list - Inactive] public-zot [Historical list - Inactive]This was the public mailing list for the zot protocol Community Group. Group closed 2023-12-11. sig [Historical list - Inactive] smil-editors [Historical list - Inactive]Mailing list for contacting editor of the SMIL 1.0 specification, mostly for SMIL 1.0 errata svg-testsuite-comments [Historical list - Inactive]This list is for feedback and bug reports on the W3C SVG Test suite sw99 [Historical list - Inactive] tls-draft [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-formal-assertion-testbed [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-math-erb [Historical list - Inactive]Early mailing list for discussion of Math in HTML before the W3C Math Working Group started in September 1996. w3c-news-asia [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-press [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-rdfcore-wg [Historical list - Inactive]List of the RDF Core Working Group. w3c-sgml-wg [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) List of the SGML Working Group. w3c-wai-bulletin [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-curric [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-er-ig [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-er-wg [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-hc [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-rc [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-ui [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-wai-wg [Historical list - Inactive] w3c-xml-sig-ws [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) Public mailing list of the W3C XML Signature Workshop wai-report [Historical list - Inactive] wai-report-db [Historical list - Inactive] wai-tech-comments [Historical list - Inactive] wai-uaag-editor [Historical list - Inactive]Coordination list for editors of UAAG. wai-wcag-editor [Historical list - Inactive] wai-xtech [Historical list - Inactive]Previously used for discussion of items within scope of the Protocols and Formats Working Group web-access [Historical list - Inactive] www-amaya-dev [Historical list - Inactive]Technical discussion about Amaya. www-amaya-doc [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion among contributors for the Amaya documentation and translators www-annotation [Historical list - Inactive]list for technical discussion on annotation www-announce [Historical list - Inactive] www-ccpp-protocol [Historical list - Inactive] www-collaboration [Historical list - Inactive]technical discussion on the use and further development of web technology for collaboration www-component-extension [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) www-demographics [Historical list - Inactive] www-di [Historical list - Inactive]Discussing Device Independence on the World Wide Web. www-disw [Historical list - Inactive] www-dom-ts [Historical list - Inactive]Document Object Model Test suites. www-dom-ts-submission [Historical list - Inactive]List used for submissions to the DOM Test Suites. www-dom-xpath [Historical list - Inactive] www-drm [Historical list - Inactive]W3C workshop on Digital Rights Management www-email-announce [Historical list - Inactive] www-email-discuss [Historical list - Inactive] www-eta [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) www-history [Historical list - Inactive] www-html-editor [Historical list - Inactive]list for sending comments and reporting errors of the HTML/XHTML specifications. www-html-testsuite [Historical list - Inactive]HTML and XHTML test suite list. www-http-ng-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-i18n-workshop [Historical list - Inactive]Announcements and discussion about the I18N Workshop www-isaviz [Historical list - Inactive] www-lib [Historical list - Inactive]discussion about libwww - the W3C Sample Code Library. www-lib-bugs [Historical list - Inactive] www-lib-survey [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) Used for a survey about libwww - the W3C Sample Code Library. www-logging [Historical list - Inactive] www-micropay-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-mobile [Historical list - Inactive]Mobile browsing and Web technologies on mobile devices. www-multicast [Historical list - Inactive] www-multimedia [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) See W3C's work on synchronized multimedia. www-next [Historical list - Inactive] www-p3p-dev [Historical list - Inactive]list for people implementing P3P user-agents and Authoring Tools. www-p3p-interop [Historical list - Inactive]This list was used during the two P3P interoperability sessions. www-p3p-policy [Historical list - Inactive]Questions about Privacy Policies and their transformation into P3P-Policies are discussed here. www-p3p-public-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-printing [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion of printing related issues www-privacy-evaluator [Historical list - Inactive] www-proxy [Historical list - Inactive] www-publications [Historical list - Inactive] www-push [Historical list - Inactive](Inactive) This list was used for discussions of push technologies. www-qa-wg [Historical list - Inactive]List for the Quality Assurance Working Group. www-ql [Historical list - Inactive]List for discussion on Query Languages, including (but not limited to) discussion on the XML-Query project. www-rdb [Historical list - Inactive] www-rdf-calendar [Historical list - Inactive]forum for discussion of RDF-based calendar and group scheduling systems. www-rdf-config [Historical list - Inactive]Discussions of the RDF/XML application configurations schemas. www-rdf-dspace [Historical list - Inactive]Forum for collaboration between DSpace,the semantic web and other digital library endeavors. www-rdf-logic [Historical list - Inactive]Forum for technical discussion concerning the design of logic-based languages for use on the Web. www-rdf-perllib [Historical list - Inactive]List for comments and requests about the W3C perl coding library. www-rdf-specs [Historical list - Inactive] www-rdf-z3950 [Historical list - Inactive] www-servers [Historical list - Inactive] www-speech [Historical list - Inactive] www-test [Historical list - Inactive] www-tt-tf [Historical list - Inactive] www-tv [Historical list - Inactive] www-validator-cvs [Historical list - Inactive]Notification list of code changes in the validators and QA tools and for Bug reports about these tools. www-vlib [Historical list - Inactive] www-vlib-announce [Historical list - Inactive] www-wai-pf [Historical list - Inactive]This list has been closed. Lists for the Protocols and Formats Working Group have been replaced by groups for the Accessible Platform Architectures Working Group and the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Working Group. www-webdav-dasl [Historical list - Inactive] www-webont-wg [Historical list - Inactive]Web Ontology Working Group www-winie [Historical list - Inactive]Discussion about Winie, W3C's network utility todownload and upload files on the web using HTTP/1.1. www-ws-cg [Historical list - Inactive]List used by the Web Services Coordination Group. www-wsa-comments [Historical list - Inactive]List used by the Web Services Architecture Working Group to gather comments about the documents produced by the Working Group. www-xenc-xmlp-tf [Historical list - Inactive] www-xkms-ws [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-blueberry-comments [Historical list - Inactive]Maintaining Activity: XML www-xml-canonicalization-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-edi [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-fragment-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-infoset-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-packaging [Historical list - Inactive] www-xml-query-comments [Historical list - Inactive]The mailing list to contact the XML-Query working group. This list is deprecated, use public-qt-comments@w3.org instead. www-xml-xinclude-comments [Historical list - Inactive] www-zig [Historical list - Inactive]Z39.50 implementors group (ZIG) list. xml-editor [Historical list - Inactive] xml-names-issues [Historical list - Inactive] xml-uri [Historical list - Inactive] Copyright 1994-2024 World Wide Web Consortium. W3C liability, trademark, and permissive document license rules apply. System status