San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center ▲ top Indybay Indybay Indybay Indybay Indybay Regions Topics Publish Publish to Newswire Add an Event Newswire Calendar Features Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Calendar Events Wednesday Mar 6 3pm Close Guantanamo 5:30pm Redwood City Ceasefire Vigil Friday Mar 8 1pm Third World Women Resist for International... 4pm Global Day Of Action On Women's Day For Women... 5pm San Jose: Peace Vigil - Call for Ceasefire Not... Saturday Mar 9 5pm Strike Debt Bay Area Book Group: How... Sunday Mar 10 2pm Santa Rosa Protest for Palestine Monday Mar 11 12pm Fukushima Action in SF 13 Years After the... More Events... [ × close ] Fri Feb 9 2024 Reproductive Justice Rally Confronts "Walk for Life" Catholic Anti-Choice Marchers Get an Earful from Abortion Rights Activists in San Francisco On January 20, thousands traveled to San Francisco to protest the continued availability of abortion. Lacking local support, the Catholic Church hires dozens of busses to transport their flock for the Walk for Life annually. As in previous years, their event this year attracted members of hate groups, with some giving nazi salutes. Counter-protesters assembled in front the San Francisco Public Library to confront marchers as they passed. Read More Wed Jan 10 2024 UC Berkeley Moves to Kill People's Park Forever Wall of Shipping Containers Intended to Keep the Public Out of People's Park Even as a case awaits a California Supreme Court decision regarding student housing UC Berkeley intends to build on the land, the university went in for the kill on People's Park shortly before midnight on January 3, sending in hundreds of police to clear the park and to make way for a wall of shipping containers. Protesters were ready for the raid, but police closed nearby streets to prevent more from coming to defend the park. Several demonstrators were arrested. Read More Tue Dec 12 2023 (Updated 12/20/23) Taking Direct Action Against US Support for Israel's War on Gaza Actions for Gaza: Blockades, Occupations, Banner Drops, Graffiti, Smashed Windows, Sabotage Protesters in Northern California have engaged in direct actions aimed at disrupting business as usual and raising the profile of the call to free Palestine. Activists shut down the Bay Bridge. A US military vessel destined to deliver weaponry to Israel was blocked from leaving the Port of Oakland. A defense contractor's office was locked down. Communiqués posted on Indybay claim sabotage of train lines, as well as a water main at a pro-IDF fundraiser. Read More Fri Dec 8 2023 (Updated 12/13/23) Millions Stand Up Worldwide in Solidarity with Palestine Largest Ever Pro-Palestine Marches in NorCal Demand End to US Aid for Israel's War on Gaza Millions of people worldwide are standing in solidarity with Palestinians as Israel wages war on Gaza. Marches and rallies have demanded a ceasefire, the end of US military support for Israel, and that Palestine be freed once and for all. Every week there are more protests in cities large and small, including in many that have never seen a pro-Palestinian demonstration. In San Francisco, tens of thousands have marched against Israel's war on Gaza. Read More Sat Nov 18 2023 (Updated 11/23/23) Massive Opposition to APEC Summit Thousands of Police and Metal Walls Isolate Elites from the People in San Francisco As billionaires and politicians met behind ten-foot-high metal walls, tens of thousands of demonstrators protested outside. Member nations of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit claim to have "Inclusive, Collaborative Solutions for Just Transitions," but opponents call this greenwashing and maintain that years of corporate neoliberalism are responsible for economic inequality, oppression, the climate crisis, and war. Read More Tue Oct 31 2023 (Updated 12/12/23) Israel Decimates Gaza, Nearly 2M Palestinians Displaced Seven Weeks of Israeli Blockade and Bombings Leaves Gazans Struggling to Survive Over 1.7 million Palestinians have been displaced and face serious malnutrition and dehydration. Nearly 15,000 have been killed, a third of whom are children. Around 50% of all residential housing in the strip has been destroyed. Israel has killed over 200 medical and aid workers, and 65 journalists. It has bombed and raided hospitals, schools, UN facilities, and more, allowing in barely enough supplies to keep the population from starving to death. Read More Tue Oct 31 2023 (Updated 11/02/23) Climate Activists Call for Escalation in the Fight for the Future Three Activists Detained at Climate Protest for Crossing Beale Air Force Base Gate At sunrise on October 19, youth climate activists associated with the group Occupy Beale gave a speech decrying the imperialist military-industrial complex, responsible for countless ecological atrocities, energy consumption, and carbon emissions. Four activists, banners in hand, then marched across the demarcation line at the Schneider gate of Beale Air Force Base. Military police detained three of them for over an hour. Read More Tue Oct 17 2023 (Updated 10/21/23) No to Cop Campus Stop Cop Campus Coalition Protests Planned Police Facility in San Pablo The city of San Pablo plans on building a new police headquarters and training facility. The Stop Cop Campus Coalition intends to prevent the new facility from being constructed, arguing such huge amounts of money would be better spent meeting the needs of city residents rather than policing them. On September 30, their second protest was held with a march down the middle of San Pablo Avenue to the site of the proposed "Cop Campus." Read More Thu Oct 12 2023 Institute for Study of Zionism to Hold Inaugural Conference Conference on Speech-Chilling “IHRA definition” of Antisemitism Launches New Institute The newly-formed Institute for the Critical Study of Zionism (ICSZ) will hold its inaugural bicoastal conference, Battling the “IHRA Definition”: Theory & Activism, on October 13-14. Through the lens of research on structural racism, state violence, and social justice movements, the conference will analyze political campaigns that seek to codify the “IHRA definition” of antisemitism, and efforts to oppose IHRA policies. Read More Fri Sep 29 2023 (Updated 09/30/23) Thousands March in Sacramento to Demand End of Fossil Fuels California Climate Justice Actions in Coordination with Massive New York City March On September 16, thousands rallied and marched in Sacramento in solidarity with New York City's massive March to End Fossil Fuels. Starting with colorful rallies in Sacramento's Old Town, protesters marched to the Tower Bridge and displayed a huge banner demanding an end of fossil fuel use. Sign bearing kayakers in the river joined in. Smaller demonstrations happened in Palo Alto and other cities. Read More Mon Sep 25 2023 Standing Up to the TERFs in San Francisco Everywhere Anti-Transgender "Feminists" Gathered in SF Was Met with Trans Rights Protest Women’s Declaration International held a conference in San Francisco the weekend of September 16. Their mission is to attack what they call "gender ideology" and they align with ultra-conservative groups including Christian nationalists and Republican politicians to enshrine bigotry into law and otherwise further marginalize transgender folks. LGBTQ+ rights activists rose up in opposition with several rounds of protests and counter-protests. Read More Sat Aug 19 2023 (Updated 09/30/23) Oakland Airport Expansion Plans Meet Pushback Environmentalists Speak Out Against Airport Expansion as Climate Disasters Accelerate As the Port of Oakland views ever increasing use of autos and aviation as integral to humanity's evolution in the Bay Area, others beg to differ. Environmentalists from the Stop OAK Expansion Coalition view fossil fuels as the main cause of, now undeniable, global warming and current climate crises. They demand we move away from autos and air travel to fuel efficient systems such as electric rail. They are protesting and speaking out at public meetings. Read More Sat Aug 12 2023 No Contract, No Coffee! Starbucks Bus Tour Stops in San Francisco, Rallies with Allies to Support Unionization More than 8,500 workers have formed unions at over 340 Starbucks stores in the U.S. With thousands more to go, customers and labor advocates are hitting the streets this summer to keep pressure on the union-busting company. On July 31, the national bus tour of Starbucks workers made a stop to rally at San Francisco City Hall. On August 7, Starbucks customers across the U.S. held a day of action targeting locations not yet unionized. Read More Tue Aug 8 2023 Cities for People, Not for Profit Artists Evicted from Stop Music Studios to Make Way for Commercial Development in Portugal More than a decade ago, artists and musicians created a vibrant hub for the arts in an abandoned shopping mall in Porto, Portugal. City officials long sought to close the DIY space and finally moved on the Stop Shopping Center in late July. For over 10 days, more than 500 musicians were forcibly evicted from their workspace by police and city authorities, with over 100 rehearsal rooms and workplaces closed down. Thousands came out to protest the eviction. Read More Previous Stories Support Independent Media We are 100% volunteer and depend on your participation to sustain our efforts! Donate $115.00 donatedin the past month Get Involved If you'd like to help with maintaining or developing the website, contact us. Publish Publish your stories and upcoming events on Indybay. Regions North Coast Central Valley North Bay East Bay South Bay San Francisco Peninsula Santa Cruz California US International Topics Animal Lib Anti-War Arts + Action Drug War Education En Español Environment Global Justice Government Health/Housing Immigrant Media Labor LGBTI / Queer Police State Racial Justice Womyn International Americas Haiti Iraq Palestine Afghanistan More FAQ Make Media Get Involved Photo Gallery Feature Archives Fault Lines Links Search Indybay's Archives Advanced Search ► ▼ IMC Network Latest features from all sections of the site: 02/09/24 Catholic Anti-Choice Marchers Get an Earful from Abortion Rights Activists in San Francisco frontpage | health-housing | womyn | sf | south-bay | us01/10/24 Wall of Shipping Containers Intended to Keep the Public Out of People's Park frontpage | police | environment | global-justice | east-bay | california12/08/23 Largest Ever Pro-Palestine Marches in NorCal Demand End to US Aid for Israel's War on Gaza frontpage | antiwar | central-valley | sf | south-bay | peninsula | us | international | palestine | santa-cruz10/31/23 Three Activists Detained at Climate Protest for Crossing Beale Air Force Base Gate frontpage | environment | antiwar | central-valley | california | us09/29/23 California Climate Justice Actions in Coordination with Massive New York City March frontpage | environment | central-valley | california08/19/23 Environmentalists Speak Out Against Airport Expansion as Climate Disasters Accelerate frontpage | environment | east-bay08/12/23 Starbucks Bus Tour Stops in San Francisco, Rallies with Allies to Support Unionization frontpage | labor | sf | peninsula | california | us07/19/23 Halt to Fossil Fuel Funding Demanded as Wells Fargo Operations Shut Down environment | global-justice | sf | us07/13/23 Demonstrations Wrack France, Boiling Over After Police Murder of Youth police | health-housing | global-justice | lgbtqi | international | government | immigrant07/02/23 A Call for Pride to Return to its Roots as a Riot in Defense of LGBTQ+ Rights health-housing | lgbtqi | womyn | sf05/31/23 Reactionary "Street Art" Campaign Backed by Billionaire Michael Moritz Targeted by Graffiti Artists police | health-housing | global-justice | drugwar | arts | sf Newswire media types: article photo video audio Local Newswire Global | Breaking Tallying Election Contributions Made by Development Interests in the City of Santa Cruz Santa Cruz News Network Tue Mar 5th 9:08am Support WAMM, a Champion of Medical Cannabis Access and Community Safety in Santa Cruz Sign the Petition Mon Mar 4th 3:53pm Newsom's Prop 1 Press Conference Disrupted in SF: No Privatization of Mental Health Labor Video Project Mon Mar 4th 3:38pm At Palestine Rally Labor Speakers Demand an End To Genocide & Nurse Calls for Labor Action Labor Video Project Mon Mar 4th 8:31am Santa Rosa Protest for Palestine Angela Sun Mar 3rd 10:02pm Third World Women Resist for International Women’s Day @asata_bayarea @gabrielaoakland Sun Mar 3rd 4:29pm Thousands Continue Marching for Palestine Leon Kunstenaar Sun Mar 3rd 1:47pm "Insure Our Future" Action at Big Insurance Companies Leon Kunstenaar Fri Mar 1st 5:27pm 2024 California Women's Herstory Month - Queen Califia Khubaka, Michael Harris Fri Mar 1st 2:07pm Links Between Zionism, Histadrut, South Africa, CIA & the AFL-CIO at BA Lab for Palestine Labor Video Project Fri Mar 1st 8:39am BERKELEY LEAP YEAR Save the Park Darin Fri Mar 1st 2:00am Demolition of People's Park Has Been an Expensive Boondoggle, Costs Rising Author Thu Feb 29th 12:04pm More Local News... Global Newswire Local | Breaking 13,430 Children Killed In Gaza Since Oct. 7 haberler Mon Mar 4th 7:01pm Benny Gantz Meets VP Harris at White House Phil Pasquini Mon Mar 4th 6:04pm Emaciated 10-Year-Old Palestinian Child, Yazan al Kafarneh, Dies Of Severe Hunger In Gaza haberler Mon Mar 4th 3:49pm “Hands off Rafah” Rally at Israeli Embassy Disrupts DC Phil Pasquini Sun Mar 3rd 4:54pm Uber CEO's Racist Rhetoric Nyx Sat Mar 2nd 8:41pm US veto #5 at UN vote to protect Israel from global condemnation in genocidal war. DLi Sat Mar 2nd 4:04pm Navalny Memorial Acts as a Symbol of Freedom at Russian Embassy Phil Pasquini Fri Mar 1st 5:43pm Debt Relief, Climate and Recovery Aid Needed, Say African Catholic Bishops Anjoulie Woodhead Fri Mar 1st 12:07pm The Supreme Leader of the Islamic Nation of Palestine, Ali Muhammad, Responds to U.S. Islamic Nation of Palestine Fri Mar 1st 11:58am Immigrants Are Not Hurting U.S.-Born Workers – Six Facts To Set the Record Straight Economic Policy Institute Fri Mar 1st 3:52am Eastern Monarch Butterfly Overwintering Area In Mexico Drops Precipitously The Xerces Society Thu Feb 29th 1:34pm U.S. Geological Survey Will Restore Annual Counts of About 400 Farm Pesticides Center for Biological Diversity Thu Feb 29th 1:25pm More Global News... Other/Breaking News Local | Global SFPD Attack Peaceful Protestors Demanding Gaza Ceasefire AROC Tue Mar 5th 12:26pm Somali Clan System is Too Complicated to Understand with an Elusive Spectrum Siraje Ali Abas Tue Mar 5th 11:33am Israel's Cruelty Is Concealed by Its Decentralization Amira Hass Tue Mar 5th 12:08am Green Voter Guide for Tuesday's election Green Party Mon Mar 4th 7:51am The disease of concealment: An open letter to future historians Patrick Lawrence Mon Mar 4th 4:28am US Air drop to Gaza a cynical PR stunt DLi Mon Mar 4th 12:35am President Biden, why do you support genocide in Gaza? Ghada Ageel Sun Mar 3rd 6:13am Scores Of Palestinians Killed, Injured As Israel Bombs Aid Truck In Central Gaza Ikram Kouachi Sun Mar 3rd 3:49am Academic Boycott Against Israeli Universities Grows Every Day Sule Ozkan & Merve Berker Sun Mar 3rd 2:44am Civilian drone victims - from the frying pan into the fire? Save the civilians Sat Mar 2nd 7:13am German military officers discuss how to attack Russian facilities with TAURUS Save the civilians Sat Mar 2nd 7:01am Euro-Med Monitor Confirms Israeli Army Gunfire Killed, Wounded Dozens Of Starving Civilians haberler Fri Mar 1st 11:17pm Open Newswire... [ × close ] © 2000–2024 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code