Home - Inside Climate News Skip to content Science Politics & Policy Justice Fossil Fuels Clean Energy ICN Local Projects About Us Open Menu Pulitzer Prize-winning, nonpartisan reporting on the biggest crisis facing our planet. Donate Close Menu Search Search for: Science Politics & Policy Justice Fossil Fuels Clean Energy ICN Local Projects About Us Newsletters TopicsActivism Arctic Business & Finance Climate Law & Liability Climate Treaties Denial & Misinformation Environment & Health Extreme Weather Food & Agriculture Fracking Nuclear Pipelines Regulation Super-Pollutants Water/Drought Wildfires InformationAbout Jobs & Freelance Reporting Network Impact Statement Contact Whistleblowers Memberships Ways to Give Fellows & Fellowships PublicationsE-Books Documents Top Stories In the N.C. Governor’s Race, the GOP Frontrunner Is a Climate Denier, and the Democrat Doesn’t Want to Talk About It The state’s Republican lieutenant governor and Democratic attorney general are expected to square off in November to replace term-limited Gov. Roy Cooper, a Democrat. But the Republican legislature, with super-majorities in both houses, now calls the shots on climate. By Daniel Shailer Could ‘Microfactories’ Pave a New Path Forward for Plastic Recycling? As new research reveals how little plastic is recycled and how that waste is affecting human health, Arizona State University and Phoenix are offering what they hope will be a new solution. By Wyatt Myskow Alabama Supreme Court IVF Ruling Renews Focus on Plastics, Chemical Exposure and Infertility Endocrine-disrupting chemicals are making it harder for people to reproduce, driving some toward in vitro fertilization. Now, they are threatened by Republican and anti-abortion politics. By James Bruggers, Lee Hedgepeth Latest Stories Hollowed Out By Quinn Glabicki, PublicSource A New EDF-Harvard Satellite Will Monitor Methane Emissions From Oil and Gas Production Worldwide By Phil McKenna The Supreme Court’s Social Media Case Has Big Implications for Climate Disinformation, Experts Warn By Kristoffer Tigue The Biden Administration is Spending Its ‘Climate Smart’ Funding in the Wrong Places, According to New Analyses By Georgina Gustin Just How Much Money Do CO2 Pipeline Companies Stand to Make From the Inflation Reduction Act? By Nicholas Kusnetz, Kristoffer Tigue Q&A: Maryland’s First Chief Sustainability Officer Takes on the State’s Climate and Chesapeake Bay Cleanup Goals By Aman Azhar United Nations Official Says State Repression of Environmental Defenders Threatens Democracy and Human Rights By Keerti Gopal, Bob Berwyn South Carolina Poised to Transform Former Coal-Fired Plant Into a Gas Utility as Public Service Commission Approves Conversion By Daniel Shailer ICN LocalSee AllICN Texas Record Winter Heat, Dry Air Helped Drive Panhandle Fire Risk By Emily Foxhall, The Texas Tribune ICN Pennsylvania A National Tour Calling for a Reborn and Ramped Up Green New Deal Lands in Pittsburgh By Keerti Gopal ICN Alabama A White House Advisor and Environmental Justice Activist Wants Immediate Help for Two Historically Black Communities in Alabama By Lee Hedgepeth ICN Florida VA Medical Centers Vulnerable To Extreme Weather As Climate Warms By Anne Marshall-Chalmers, The War Horse Newsletters We deliver climate news to your inbox like nobody else. Every day or once a week, our original stories and digest of the web’s top headlines deliver the full story, for free. ICN Weekly Saturdays Our #1 newsletter delivers the week’s climate and energy news – our original stories and top headlines from around the web. Get ICN Weekly Inside Clean Energy Thursdays Dan Gearino’s habit-forming weekly take on how to understand the energy transformation reshaping our world. Get Inside Clean Energy Today’s Climate Twice-a-week A digest of the most pressing climate-related news, released every Tuesday and Friday. Get Today’s Climate Breaking News Daily Don’t miss a beat. Get a daily email of our original, groundbreaking stories written by our national network of award-winning reporters. Get Breaking News Email Address I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy. Projects State of Denial: How Texas’ Environmental Regulators Enable Big Oil and Other Polluters Milking It: How Big Ag has avoided reporting the largest source of methane emissions in the nation The Education of Judith Kimerling: An American Lawyer’s Epic Struggle to Stop Expanding Oil Operations Harming Indigenous Peoples in Ecuador’s Amazon Dereliction of Beauty: How Lax Regulation of Beauty Care Products Victimizes Women of Color Harm City: The quest for environmental justice and climate adaptation in Baltimore Axed: How the U.S. Forest Service Depletes the Carbon Sink by Logging Mature Tree Stands The Immortals: Greenhouse Gases That Live Forever Something in the Water: Regulators Say Growing Crops With Oil Wastewater Is Safe, But Evidence Is Scant Pipe Dreams: Is Carbon Capture a Climate Solution or a Dangerous Distraction? Food Shocks: Climate Change and the Coming Famines Solar Opposites: A Standoff Over Renewable Energy in Rural America The Superfund Next Door: Toxins & Mistrust in Atlanta Bag It: The Plastics Crisis The Fifth Crime: The Campaign to Make “Ecocide” an International Crime Gaslit: The Costs of Flaring and Venting Natural Gas by Fossil Fuel Companies Noxious Neighbors: The Hidden Dangers of Heated Tanks Storing Asphalt and Other Heavy Fuels Sowing Risk: How Big Banks’ Investment in Agriculture Fuels the Climate Crisis. Power Switch: Lessons From Germany’s Energy Revolution Hot Molecules: Low Hanging Super Greenhouse Gases Superfund Super Threats: Toxic Sites at Climate Risk Near You See More Projects ScienceNew Research Shows Emissions From Cars and Power Plants Can Hinder Insects’ Search for the Plants They PollinateWhat happens when a rose doesn’t smell as sweet?By Moriah McDonald Singapore to Build World’s Largest Facility that Sucks Carbon From the Sea Study Pinpoints Links Between Melting Arctic Ice and Summertime Extreme Weather in Europe Politics & PolicyQ&A: Former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy on New Air Pollution Regulations—and Women’s Roles in Bringing Them AboutThe U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recently announced it’s reducing the allowable amount of PM2.5—fine particulate matter—in the air. Here’s what it could mean for our health and economy.Interview by Aynsley O’Neill, Living on Earth Climate Takes a Back Seat in High-Profile California Primary Campaigns. One Candidate Aims to Change That Railroad Commission Approves Toxic Waste Ponds Next to Baptist Camp JusticeAfter Fighting a Landfill Expansion, Houston Residents Await EPA Consideration of Stricter Methane RegulationsEnvironmental groups said the rule revisions constitute “low hanging fruit” to lower emissions of the potent greenhouse gas, which would benefit both neighbors and the climate.By Keaton Peters In New York, a Legal Debate Over the State’s New Green Amendment Q&A: Robert Bullard Says 2024 Is the Year of Environmental Justice for an Inundated Shiloh, Alabama Fossil FuelsA Firm Planning a Drilling Spree in New York’s Southern Tier Goes Silent as Lawmakers Seek to Ban Use of CO2 in Quest for GasA Texas entrepreneur has proposed an end run around the state’s ban on hydraulic fracturing by using carbon dioxide instead of water to extract methane from shale formations. New York’s anti-fracking coalition has coalesced to make sure the project fails.By Peter Mantius ‘Nobody Really Knows What You’re Supposed to Do’: Leaking, Abandoned Wells Wreak Havoc in West Texas New Demands to Measure Emissions Raise Cautious Hopes in Pennsylvania Among Environmental Sleuths Who Monitor Fracking Sites Clean EnergyUnderstanding the Weather Behind a Down Year for Wind EnergyU.S. wind energy generation fell last year, with the greatest decreases recorded in the Midwest.By Dan Gearino Federal Data Reveals a Surprising Drop in Renewable Power in 2023, as Slow Winds and Drought Took a Toll A Small Pennsylvania College Is Breaking New Ground in Pursuit of a Clean Energy Campus Who We Are Inside Climate News was founded in 2007 and provides unbiased, non-partisan reporting on climate change to inform the national conversation around one of the most important issues of our time. Our groundbreaking investigations have held bad actors to account, exposed scientific misinformation and illuminated environmental injustice. Our work has been consistently recognized with honors bestowed by peers in the profession, including the Pulitzer Prize. We have built a network of local reporting bureaus and forged many media partnerships to help fill the gap left by a shrinking local news industry. Please visit our About page to learn more about our journalistic mission and our impact, our staff and our board, our sources of funding and our editorial independence. View an archive of our most significant work. Read more about our reporting network. Support our mission by donating. Newsletters We deliver climate news to your inbox like nobody else. Every day or once a week, our original stories and digest of the web’s top headlines deliver the full story, for free. ICN Weekly Inside Clean Energy Today’s Climate Breaking News Email Address I agree to the terms of service and privacy policy. Most PopularAtmospheric Rivers in California Create a Perfect Storm of Public Health RisksAnother Climate Impact Hits the Public’s Radar: A Wetter World Is Mudslide CityExtreme Climate Impacts From Collapse of a Key Atlantic Ocean Current Could be Worse Than Expected, a New Study Warns More Stories ‘Spongy’ LA Soaked Up Tons of Water From Atmospheric River By Kiley Price New Research from Antarctica Affirms the Threat of the ‘Doomsday Glacier,’ but Funding to Keep Studying It Is Running Out By Bob Berwyn Chemours and DuPont Knew About Risks But Kept Making Toxic PFAS Chemicals, UN Human Rights Advisors Conclude By James Bruggers South Carolina Welcomes Multibillion Dollar Electric Vehicle Projects, Even Though Many Echo Trump’s Harsh EV Critiques By Marianne Lavelle View All Stories Keep Environmental Journalism Alive ICN provides award-winning climate coverage free of charge and advertising. We rely on donations from readers like you to keep going. Donate Now Science Politics & Policy Justice Fossil Fuels Clean Energy Home About Contact Whistleblowers Privacy Policy Inside Climate News uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you accept this policy. Learn More Accept