"Free Beacon" — Breaking News, Politics, National Security ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT News Columns Videos Newsletter Politics National Security Culture Opinion Fact Check Columns Matthew Continetti Editorials Men of the Year Biden Knows He's Losing Why Kansas Plans To Sue the Biden Administration Over the Latest Student Loan Gambit Biden's Terrible Student Loan Gamble Search Search GO Politics National Security Culture Policy Opinion Fact Check Columns Matthew Continetti Editorials Men Of The Year Newsletter Videos Hamas-Sheltering Qatar Cashes In on Biden Natural Gas Pause Qatar to expand natural gas production by 85 percent Alana Goodman March 5, 2024 President Joe Biden’s pause on liquefied natural gas production is already turning into a major financial windfall for Qatar, even as the Gulf regime undercuts the United States and its allies by funding terrorists and sheltering fugitive Hamas leaders. Qatar, which is the third largest LNG exporter after the United States and Australia, announced last week that it is expanding its natural gas production by 85 percent. The news came weeks after the Biden administration announced that it would freeze new domestic LNG export permits, a policy that many political observers viewed as a concession to climate activists ahead of the presidential election. Read more... California How Fast-Food Franchises Are Pushing Back on Newsom's $20 Minimum Wage Law Bill includes exemption for places that 'produce' bread. No one can agree on who qualifies. Susannah Luthi March 5, 2024 Campus Berkeley Opens Hate Crime Probe After Violent Protest Forces Israeli Speaker To Evacuate 'No one from Berkeley has contacted me since,' Ran Bar-Yoshafat said in wake of canceled speech Jessica Costescu March 4, 2024 Media WATCH: Supreme Court Unanimously Blocks Colorado From Disqualifying Trump, Shredding Media Fantasy Drew Holden and Thaleigha Rampersad March 4, 2024 Biden's Age Tracker 0 Years 0 Months 0 Days 0 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds Joe Biden Often Brags About 'Good Sex' With Dr. Jill. That Could Be a Sign of Dementia. FACT CHECK: Joe Biden 'Does More in One Hour Than Most People Do in a Day' DOCTOR EVIL: Jill Biden Forcing Sleepy Joe To Run Again Because She 'Likes Power,' Craves 'Revenge' The American people deserve better Another Bad Week for Journalists Biden's Age Tracker 0 Years 0 Months 0 Days 0 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds California How Fast-Food Franchises Are Pushing Back on Newsom's $20 Minimum Wage Law Bill includes exemption for places that 'produce' bread. No one can agree on who qualifies. Susannah Luthi March 5, 2024 Campus Berkeley Opens Hate Crime Probe After Violent Protest Forces Israeli Speaker To Evacuate 'No one from Berkeley has contacted me since,' Ran Bar-Yoshafat said in wake of canceled speech Jessica Costescu March 4, 2024 Media WATCH: Supreme Court Unanimously Blocks Colorado From Disqualifying Trump, Shredding Media Fantasy Drew Holden and Thaleigha Rampersad March 4, 2024 Hamas-Sheltering Qatar Cashes In on Biden Natural Gas Pause Qatar to expand natural gas production by 85 percent Alana Goodman March 5, 2024 President Joe Biden’s pause on liquefied natural gas production is already turning into a major financial windfall for Qatar, even as the Gulf regime undercuts the United States and its allies by funding terrorists and sheltering fugitive Hamas leaders. Qatar, which is the third largest LNG exporter after the United States and Australia, announced last week that it is expanding its natural gas production by 85 percent. The news came weeks after the Biden administration announced that it would freeze new domestic LNG export permits, a policy that many political observers viewed as a concession to climate activists ahead of the presidential election. Read more... Joe Biden Often Brags About 'Good Sex' With Dr. Jill. That Could Be a Sign of Dementia. FACT CHECK: Joe Biden 'Does More in One Hour Than Most People Do in a Day' DOCTOR EVIL: Jill Biden Forcing Sleepy Joe To Run Again Because She 'Likes Power,' Craves 'Revenge' The American people deserve better Another Bad Week for Journalists Thank you! You have been subscribed to our newsletter. Error! We could not process the request. Please contact the site's administrator. Keep tabs on the Enemies of Freedom. SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISEMENT Hamas Says US Must Pressure Israel Into Ceasefire UN Investigators Confirm Evidence of Hamas Sexual Violence Israel Accuses More UNRWA Officials of Participating in Oct. 7 Massacre Ex-Border Patrol Chief Says He 'Never Had One Conversation' With Biden Supreme Court Unanimously Reverses Trump's Disqualification From Colorado Ballot Correspondent to Carnage Tunku Varadarajan March 3, 2024 Teen Suicide and the Limits of Sociology Naomi Schaefer Riley March 3, 2024 Something Wondrous This Way Comes Karl Salzmann March 3, 2024 Biden Knows He's Losing Matthew Continetti March 1, 2024 Why Kansas Plans To Sue the Biden Administration Over the Latest Student Loan Gambit Kris W. Kobach February 28, 2024 From a Broken Home to a Broken Institution Christine Rosen February 25, 2024 Rhapsodic on Rachmaninoff Joseph Epstein February 25, 2024 For Conservative Women, a College Conundrum Haley Strack February 25, 2024 Biden's Terrible Student Loan Gamble Matthew Continetti February 23, 2024 Why There's No Placating Putin Paul Gregory February 18, 2024 When Obama’s Dreams Became Bibi’s Nightmares Sean Durns February 18, 2024 Good Riddance, John Kerry Mike Watson February 17, 2024 ADVERTISEMENT Latest News Hamas Says US Must Pressure Israel Into Ceasefire Charles Hilu March 5, 2024 Latest News UN Investigators Confirm Evidence of Hamas Sexual Violence Matthew Xiao March 5, 2024 Elections Democratic Socialists of America Tells Members To Oppose Biden, Accuses Israel of 'Genocide' Joseph Simonson March 4, 2024 ADVERTISEMENT Enemy of Freedom: AOC Enemy of Freedom: Barack Obama Enemy of Freedom: Beto O'Rourke Enemy of Freedom: Bill Clinton Enemy of Freedom: Elizabeth Warren Enemy of Freedom: Hillary Clinton Enemy of Freedom: Joe Biden Enemy of Freedom: Kamala Harris Enemy of Freedom: Nancy Pelosi Enemy of Freedom: Pete Buttigieg ADVERTISEMENT Biden Administration WATCH: Joe Biden's Senior Moment of the Week (Vol. 83) Thaleigha Rampersad March 2, 2024 Biden Administration Hunter Biden Met Privately with ‘F—ing Spy Chief of China’ During Hong Kong Trip, Jim Biden Testifies Chuck Ross March 1, 2024 Columns Biden Knows He's Losing Matthew Continetti March 1, 2024 National Security Illicit Iranian Oil Sales Hit $90 Billion Under Biden, Fueling Tehran’s Terror Proxies Exports to China, Venezuela soar as Iran-backed terror forces target Western cargo ships Adam Kredo March 4, 2024 Latest News Israel Accuses More UNRWA Officials of Participating in Oct. 7 Massacre Charles Hilu March 4, 2024 Democrats Jamaal Bowman and Rashida Tlaib Lead ‘Free Palestine’ Chant at Joint Fundraising Event Bowman, facing fundraising woes in difficult primary, turned to Tlaib to help raise cash Meghan Blonder March 4, 2024 View More Stories About Us Masthead Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2024 All Rights Reserved