UNICEF UK - Children's charity - For Every Child Skip to main content Unicef for every child Search Our work With your help, we provide: Nutrition and life-saving food Education Emergency relief for children Protection from climate change Water, sanitation and hygiene Vaccines We work in 190 countries, including: Afghanistan Sudan Ukraine Yemen In the UK We're working with: The UN Convention on Children's Rights Our celebrity supporters Corporate partners Sport partners Support us You can help by: Donating money Campaigning with us Fundraising Leaving a gift in your Will Volunteering You can support us through: Your school Your company or business Your charitable trust or foundation Philanthropy Your questions about UNICEF UK: Why give money to UNICEF UK? How does UNICEF UK fundraise? Donation FAQs Shop About us Contact Search. DONATE DONATE TO UNICEF DONATE DONATE TO UNICEF Donate to protect children in Gaza Donate now Donate to Ukraine: help provide clean water, medical supplies and education for Ukraine's children. Donate now 0 We provided 25.9 million children and families in crisis with clean water in 2022 Learn more Keeping children safe What we do Here in the UK and globally Here in the UK and globally Water, sanitation and hygiene Discover the difference safe water can make to a child's life Discover the difference safe water can make to a child's life Nutrition and life-saving therapeutic food A good start in life for every child A good start in life for every child Keeping children safe with vaccines The fight against deadly disease The fight against deadly disease YOUR SUPPORT MAKES IT POSSIBLE If you raise £1500 by holding a cycling fundraiser You could provide a midwifery kit to safely deliver 50 babies START FUNDRAISING More ways you can help Our work in the UK How we're helping children here in the UK How we're helping children here in the UK Campaign with us to protect children's rights See our latest petition See our latest petition Leave a legacy gift in your Will Learn more Learn more Donate now to protect children in Sudan Read more Read more You can help keep a child safe Donate now Donate to UNICEF How your donation helps Contact Us Jobs Media Facebook YouTube Twitter Instagram JustGiving Shop Soccer Aid Our supporter commitment Website terms & conditions Privacy and cookie policy Annual report Modern slavery statement Accountability The UK Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK) raises funds for UNICEF’s emergency and development work for children. We also promote and protect children’s rights in the UK and internationally. We are a UK charity, entirely funded by supporters. United Kingdom Committee for UNICEF (UNICEF UK). Registered charity 1072612 (England and Wales) and SC043677 (Scotland). Registered company limited by guarantee 3663181 (England and Wales). Registered office: 1 Westfield Avenue, London E20 1HZ. All images © UNICEF except where noted.