The Type Directors Club - Promoting excellence in typography for over 75 years. Search Enter keywords... Go Close Competitions TDC70 Typography Winners Type Design Winner Lettering Winners Ascenders Awards Scholarships Winners Archive Events Upcoming Archive Traveling Exhibitions Type Drives Culture Membership The TDC Medal Interviews Join The TDC Design Jobs About News Mission & History Advisory Board Anti-Racism Pledge Code of Conduct Sponsors Donate Shop Visit Store Page Shop Donate Search Join us News TDC Opens Call For Global Ascenders 2024 Competition NEW YORK, January 30, 2024 — The Type Directors Club, the world’s leading typography organization, today opened the call for entries for its global TDC Ascenders 2024 competition, celebrating international… View News TDC Medal – Jan Middendorp Dutch-born, Berlin-based designer, author, researcher, and TDC Medalist Jan Middendorp sadly passed away last month at the age of 67. In Middendorp’s honor, we are proud to republish eye magazine… View Competitions TDC70 Call For Entries As the name suggests, this competition has been venerating outstanding creativity in the worlds of type and lettering for a full seven decades. The iconic TDC annuals continue to line… View News Global Jury Announced For TDC70 Competition NEW YORK, October 24, 2023 — The Type Directors Club, the world’s leading typography organization, has announced the global jury for the prestigious TDC70 competition. The program is a single… View Upcoming Events We will be unveiling upcoming events in January. Recent Interviews Interviews Leo Vicenti View Read Interview Interviews Kateryna Korolevtseva View Read Interview Interviews Diana Haj-Ahmad View Read Interview Latest News News Diverse Global Jury Announced For TDC Ascenders 2024 NEW YORK, February 20, 2024 — The Type Directors Club, the world’s leading typography organization, today announced the 20 top creatives from 12 countries who comprise the jury for its… Read News TDC Opens Call For Global Ascenders 2024 Competition NEW YORK, January 30, 2024 — The Type Directors Club, the world’s leading typography organization, today opened the call for entries for its global TDC Ascenders 2024 competition, celebrating international… Read Read More Membership Join the TDC Subscribe to Our Newsletter Contact info@tdc.org 1-917-509-2291 Type Directors Club 450 West 31 Street 6th Floor New York , NY 10001 Social Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Vimeo Flickr Pinterest Donate to TDC With thanks to Klim Type Foundry for generously donating the typefaces Mānuka, Heldane, and Söhne to the TDC. And to Firebelly for donating the strategy, design, and development for this site. © 2024 The Type Directors Club