The NHS website - NHS Skip to main content Search the NHS website Search Health A-Z NHS services Live Well Mental health Care and support Pregnancy Home NHS services Browse More We’re here for you Helping you take control of your health and wellbeing. Health A to ZYour complete guide to conditions, symptoms and treatments, including what to do and when to get help. Go to the Health A to Z Medicines A to ZFind out how your medicine works, how and when to take it, possible side effects and answers to your common questions.Go to the Medicines A to Z NHS strikes Strikes are planned to take place in some parts of the NHS during the winter.On strike days, A&E departments and NHS 111 are likely to be extremely busy, with longer waiting times than normal. But it's important to get medical help if you need it.For urgent help for people aged 5 or over use 111 online. Call 111 for children under 5. Call 999 if it's a life-threatening emergency.The NHS will contact you if you have an appointment that needs to be changed. If you have not been contacted, attend your appointment as planned.GP appointments and services are not affected.To find out when strikes are planned and get more advice about what to do, see information about NHS industrial action from NHS England. Women's health Find information about women's health, including periods, contraception, conditions and screening Go to women's health NHS App Use the NHS App to book GP appointments, order repeat prescriptions and access a range of other healthcare services. Find out more about the NHS App NHS services Find the service you need and book appointments online. Find a pharmacy Find a dentist Find a GP Find urgent and emergency care Find other NHS services If you need help now, but it’s not an emergency Go to 111.nhs.uk or call 111. Health conditions Diabetes Cancer Care and support Pregnancy Mental health Healthy living Advice, tips and tools to help you make the best choices about your health and wellbeing.Managing your weightEat wellHelp with mental healthExercise Go to Live Well Kickstart your health It's never too late to get your health back on track. Eat well, move more and start losing weight with Better Health. Try our NHS weight loss plan to get you started Save a life: give blood Please register today. Donating blood is easy, and saves lives Become a donor Give someone the gift of life: register as an NHS Organ Donor today Take part in research Find out about research in the UK and get updates about studies you're interested in Support links Home Health A to Z Live Well Mental health Care and support Pregnancy NHS services Coronavirus (COVID-19) NHS App Find my NHS number View your GP health record About the NHS Healthcare abroad Contact us Other NHS websites Profile editor login About us Accessibility statement Our policies Cookies © Crown copyright