Honeywell - The Future Is What We Make It Global Africa Algeria - English Angola - English Kenya - English Morocco - French Nigeria - English South Africa - English Tunisia - French Asia Pacific Australia - English China - Chinese India - English Indonesia - Indonesian Japan - Japanese Malaysia - English Republic of Korea - Korean Philippines - English Thailand - English Vietnam - Vietnamese Europe Austria - German Belgium - French Belgium - Dutch Bulgaria - Bulgarian Czech Republic - English Denmark - Danish Finland - Finnish France - French Germany - German Hungary - Hungarian Italy - Italian Netherlands - Dutch Norway - Norwegian Poland - Polish Romania - English Slovakia - Slovak Switzerland - French Switzerland - German Turkey - Turkish United Kingdom - English Latin America Brazil - Portuguese Mexico - Spanish Middle East Egypt - English Iraq - English Kuwait - English Oman - English Qatar - English Saudi Arabia - Arabic Saudi Arabia - English United Arab Emirates - Arabic United Arab Emirates - English North America Canada - English Canada - French United States - English | BUSINESSES BUSINESSES Aerospace Technologies Industrial Automation Building Automation Energy And Sustainability Solutions Honeywell Forge | Contact | Close Industries Industries What We Do Our Products Aerospace Commercial Buildings Energy Healthcare IT/High-Tech Life Sciences Logistics and Warehouses Manufacturing Retail Utilities Company Company About Us Investors Ventures Quantum History Sustainability News Careers Global Africa Algeria - English Angola - English Kenya - English Morocco - French Nigeria - English South Africa - English Tunisia - French Asia Pacific Australia - English China - Chinese India - English Indonesia - Indonesian Japan - Japanese Malaysia - English Republic of Korea - Korean Philippines - English Thailand - English Vietnam - Vietnamese Europe Austria - German Belgium - French Belgium - Dutch Bulgaria - Bulgarian Czech Republic - English Denmark - Danish Finland - Finnish France - French Germany - German Hungary - Hungarian Italy - Italian Netherlands - Dutch Norway - Norwegian Poland - Polish Romania - English Slovakia - Slovak Switzerland - French Switzerland - German Turkey - Turkish United Kingdom - English Latin America Brazil - Portuguese Mexico - Spanish Middle East Egypt - English Iraq - English Kuwait - English Oman - English Qatar - English Saudi Arabia - Arabic Saudi Arabia - English United Arab Emirates - Arabic United Arab Emirates - English North America Canada - English Canada - French United States - English | BUSINESSES BUSINESSES Aerospace Technologies Industrial Automation Building Automation Energy And Sustainability Solutions Honeywell Forge | Contact | Search You are browsing product catalog for /content/honeywellbt/us/en/search.html title subtitle The Future Is What We Make It We're ready now to drive your sustainability transformation. Find Out How Sustainability Environmental Sustainability Index Q4 Report Read Now 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report What's New Sustainability Futureshaper Aerospace Energy Engineers Share How to Excel in STEM Careers Engineers design, develop and implement solutions to the world’s toughest challenges impacting energy transition, paths to autonomy and the future of aviation. Meet A #Futureshaper: Shruti Sain As a finance leader, Shruti oversees a portfolio of technologies designed to help enable the global energy transition. Runway Safety and Technology: What to Know What constitutes a runway safety incident? How can they be avoided? Get to know the basics and how technology works to protect passengers, crews and aircraft. Meet A #Futureshaper: Sampada Bokade As an intellectual property leader, Sampada harnesses the innovation factor of new products and solutions to bring them to life. Meet A #Futureshaper: Taylor Alberstadt #Futureshaper Taylor is bringing new, more efficient modes of air travel to life with urban air mobility. Renewable Fuels Milestone: 50 Facilities to Power the Future of Fuels With more renewable fuel production on the horizon, look back at the breakthroughs and what's ahead. Show More What We Do Aerospace Commercial Buildings Energy Healthcare IT/High-Tech Life Sciences Logistics & Warehouse Manufacturing Retail Utilities We create safer, healthier, more comfortable, and sustainable air travel with one of the industry’s broadest and most innovative offering portfolios spanning airport takeoff to landing. Learn about Aerospace Commercial building owners and operators use our hardware, software and analytics to help create safer, more efficient and productive facilities. Our solutions and services improve the occupant experience and are used in more than 10 million buildings worldwide. Learn about Commercial Buildings Our deep industrial experience and processing expertise to design, digitalizing, and deploy solutions help shape the path and pace of the energy transition. Learn about Energy We develop innovative solutions that can help healthcare organizations simplify day-to-day tasks, optimize processes and keep buildings and clinicians safe. Our sensing technologies enhance the accuracy, longevity and stability of today’s medical equipment and our packaging and propellant technologies improve medication delivery. Together, we can help you deliver better patient outcomes, increase efficiency and productivity and minimize infection risks for clinicians and patients. Learn about Healthcare Save valuable time in the face of threats by being proactive about cybersecurity. Combine robust reporting and advanced data insights to find vulnerabilities and simplify managing your cyber posture for even the most complex OT environments. To reduce risk, our industrial grade software technologies provide upfront safeguards and the agility to rapidly identify and respond to threats—while helping you accelerate along the path of digital transformation. Learn about IT/High-Tech Our cutting-edge technologies, specialty chemicals and advanced materials are bringing innovation to life sciences by helping customers create the future of medicine. Learn about Life Sciences Our technologies and services enable and streamline Distribution Center operations ranging from receiving and storage to picking, packing and shipping. The broad range of worker productivity tools help solve challenges from the warehouse through last-mile delivery. Learn about Logistics and Warehouse With our automation solutions focused on increased transparency and greater process controls, our customers in aerospace, oil and gas, healthcare and other industries feel more empowered to get to market faster, improve cost savings and enjoy more reliable quality control. Discover the actionable digital insights that are helping manufacturers uncover and adjust to hidden costs and inefficiencies in their processes. Learn about Manufacturing With decades of experience and deep domain expertise, Honeywell supports retail customers in making their operations more efficient, productive and agile. We provide a comprehensive suite of productivity tools, software and hardware solutions for retail.​ Learn about Retail The new energy world is upon us, and rapidly accelerating. Our utility solutions and technologies help reduce CO2 emissions, increase the energy grid’s lifetime and foster energy equity. We’re helping create resilient and sustainable operations for today, tomorrow, and beyond.​ Learn about Utilities Aerospace We create safer, healthier, more comfortable, and sustainable air travel with one of the industry’s broadest and most innovative offering portfolios spanning airport takeoff to landing. Learn about Aerospace Commercial Buildings Commercial building owners and operators use our hardware, software and analytics to help create safer, more efficient and productive facilities. Our solutions and services improve the occupant experience and are used in more than 10 million buildings worldwide. Learn about Commercial Buildings Energy Our deep industrial experience and processing expertise to design, digitalizing, and deploy solutions help shape the path and pace of the energy transition. Learn about Energy Healthcare We develop innovative solutions that can help healthcare organizations simplify day-to-day tasks, optimize processes and keep buildings and clinicians safe. Our sensing technologies enhance the accuracy, longevity and stability of today’s medical equipment and our packaging and propellant technologies improve medication delivery. Together, we can help you deliver better patient outcomes, increase efficiency and productivity and minimize infection risks for clinicians and patients. Learn about Healthcare IT/High-Tech Save valuable time in the face of threats by being proactive about cybersecurity. Combine robust reporting and advanced data insights to find vulnerabilities and simplify managing your cyber posture for even the most complex OT environments. To reduce risk, our industrial grade software technologies provide upfront safeguards and the agility to rapidly identify and respond to threats—while helping you accelerate along the path of digital transformation. Learn about IT/High-Tech Life Sciences Our cutting-edge technologies, specialty chemicals and advanced materials are bringing innovation to life sciences by helping customers create the future of medicine. Learn about Life Sciences Logistics & Warehouse Our technologies and services enable and streamline Distribution Center operations ranging from receiving and storage to picking, packing and shipping. The broad range of worker productivity tools help solve challenges from the warehouse through last-mile delivery. Learn about Logistics and Warehouse Manufacturing With our automation solutions focused on increased transparency and greater process controls, our customers in aerospace, oil and gas, healthcare and other industries feel more empowered to get to market faster, improve cost savings and enjoy more reliable quality control. Discover the actionable digital insights that are helping manufacturers uncover and adjust to hidden costs and inefficiencies in their processes. Learn about Manufacturing Retail With decades of experience and deep domain expertise, Honeywell supports retail customers in making their operations more efficient, productive and agile. We provide a comprehensive suite of productivity tools, software and hardware solutions for retail.​ Learn about Retail Utilities The new energy world is upon us, and rapidly accelerating. Our utility solutions and technologies help reduce CO2 emissions, increase the energy grid’s lifetime and foster energy equity. We’re helping create resilient and sustainable operations for today, tomorrow, and beyond.​ Learn about Utilities The Latest in Sustainability Shaping the Future of Travel Honeywell technology is transforming how we travel. From more sustainable fuel to more efficient airport technology, our solutions enable safer, healthier and more efficient trips. Read More Helping you Zero In on Net Zero Honeywell offers solutions to help industrial organizations to measure, monitor, report and reduce Greenhouse Gas emissions and meet their sustainability goals. Read More Sustainable Solutions for Buildings Honeywell’s technologies can help reduce the environmental impact of buildings, helping them meet their carbon reduction goals while maintaining a great occupant experience. Read More HELP & SUPPORT Find support for a product or solution you have. Get support SALES For information about how we can help your business. Talk To Sales Businesses toggle view Aerospace Technologies Industrial Automation Building Automation Energy and Sustainability Solutions Honeywell Forge What We Do toggle view Our Products Quantum Solutions INDUSTRIES toggle view Aerospace Commercial Buildings Energy Healthcare IT/High-Tech Life Sciences Logistics & Warehouse Manufacturing Retail Utilities Company toggle view About Us History Investors Leadership Inclusion & Diversity News toggle view News Press & Media Careers toggle view Careers Job Search Contact Us toggle view Support Business Inquiries Employee Access FOLLOW US LinkedIn Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Scroll to top Copyright © 2024 Honeywell International Inc. Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Your Privacy Choices Cookie Notice Global Unsubscribe