Yousician | Learn Guitar, Piano, Ukulele With The Songs you Love Yousician Logo Yousician logo search Instruments arrow Guitar Bass Piano Ukulele Singing Artist Courses arrow Metallica Blog Family Plan Help sphere Languages arrow Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 日本語 Português Русский 简体中文 繁體中文 search My account Logout User avatar Log in Let’s get started → search Search for: close Unleash your inner musician with Yousician The first step of learning to play an instrument? Wanting to play. Explore your love of music with us, whether you’re a complete beginner or a seasoned pro. Let’s play! Let’s get started → Guitar Piano Bass Ukulele Singing Fun & Easy Learn to play music at home, at your own pace Yousician makes learning to play an instrument fun and easy, no matter your skill level.Follow lesson plans created by real music teachers, learn fast with interactive tutorials, and stay motivated with goals and progress tracking.Our award-winning technology listens to you play and gives instant feedback on your accuracy and timing. You always know when you’re hitting the right notes. Yousician and GuitarTuna monthly active users Average session length Number of songs Number of lessons Take courses with world-famous artists Learn and play with your favorite artists in exclusive courses. Get tips, stories, exclusive performances and more from world-famous musicians like Metallica. Learn more “Yousician raises $28M to make music education more accessible” Read more “Want Guitar Lessons From Metallica? Music education platform Yousician is launching its first-ever artist partnership series with lessons by Metallica, Jason Mraz and Juanes.” Read more “It’s All In The Game—Growing A $50 Million Music Education Business In A Crowded Market” Read more Play Fun, easy-to-follow lessons Play along with the app and get instant feedback on your precision and timing. Earn rewards, beat high scores, and level up as you learn new skills. Learn Personal learning path Learn the right skills at the right time with our lesson plans filled with thousands of lessons, exercises, and videos. Explore topics and songs for every level, and learn the techniques that matter to you. Explore Tons of popular songs Dive into our song library and learn to play your favorite songs. We have pop, metal, and everything in between, so you’re sure to find the music you love most. Songs Library App Store App Store rating Google Play Store Google Play Store rating NEW PREMIUM+ FAMILY MEMBERSHIP Learn together with the Yousician Family membership Share the fun of learning to play with your family 4 Premium+ accounts under one membership Learn more Get started Learn on a real instrument All you need is an instrument and the app. No extra accessories like cables or mics needed. For Android, iOS and PC Yousician works on almost every device. Just download the app on your phone, laptop or tablet and you’re good to go. Go acoustic or electric Learn with an acoustic or electric guitar, bass, ukulele or piano. Try our Premium+ plan free for 7 days Get unlimited access to lesson plans by music teachers Learn guitar, bass, ukulele, piano and singing Follow 1000s of lessons, exercises and videos Explore our full library of popular songs Cancel anytime during your free trial Start free trial Ready to start playing? Play the songs you love with Yousician. Try Premium+ free for 7 days. Sign up and start learning now. Start free trial Green circle Download for desktop Yousician on Instagram Instagram Yousician on Facebook Facebook Yousician on Twitter Twitter Yousician on Youtube Youtube Yousician on LinkedIn LinkedIn Yousician App Download Blog Try Premium for Free Buy a Gift Redeem a Gift Family Plan Instruments Guitar Piano Ukulele Bass Singing Our Tuners Guitar Tuner Violin Tuner Ukulele Tuner Bass Tuner Mandolin Tuner Banjo Tuner Company About Careers Press Contact Us Our other apps GuitarTuna Campfire Music & Playing Songs Library Guitar Chord Charts Chords for Songs Help Help & FAQs Blog Updates Article How To Guides News Terms of Service Privacy Notice California Privacy Notice Cookie Settings © Yousician, Oy. 2024