Arizona Daily Star | Breaking News | | Read Tucson, AZ and Arizona breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Arizona sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 69° Sign in Subscribe Now Manage account Logout Manage account e-Newspaper Logout News Sign up for newsletters Local Wildfires Arizona Business Crime Nation & World Election 2023 SaddleBrooke Politics Archives Marijuana Guide News Tip Weekly News Quiz Arizona Daily Star E-edition E-edition-Tutorial Archives Special Sections Merchandise Circulars Public Notices Obituaries Share Your Story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a Letter Submit guest opinion Letters to the Editor Opinion & Editorials National Columnists Sports Arizona Wildcats Greg Hansen High Schools Roadrunners Betting Life & Entertainment Events Calendar Arts & Theatre Food & Cooking Movies & TV Movie Listings Music Comics Games Columns Play Home & Gardening Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Retro Tucson History Travel Outdoors & Rec Community Pages Brand Ave. Studios Join the community News tip Share video Buy & Sell Place an Ad Shop Local Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace I Love A Deal Customer Service Manage My Account Newsletter Sign-Up Subscribe Contact us Weather: Live Radar Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Read Today's E-edition Log In $1 for 6 monthsSubscribe Now Manage account e-Newspaper Logout E-edition News Elections Obituaries Opinion Wildcats Life & Entertainment Newsletters Comics & Puzzles Wildfires Jobs 69° Sunny Live Watch and get live Super Tuesday results from primaries and caucuses around the nation Stars of the Star Podcast Take a deeper dive into the local journalism you love. Stars of the Star, a look inside the Arizona Daily Star newsroom talking with the people who Tell Tucson’s story. New app guides you to Tucson's Mexican eats A new Mexican Food Field Guide leads users to a trail of Tucson’s iconic Mexican restaurants, taquerias and food trucks. A national mac and cheese restaurant is making its Tucson debut For Star subscribers: A Florida-based mac and cheese restaurant is opening its first Tucson location, serving bowls topped with chicken parmesan, short ribs and more. Tucson charities challenged to raise $1M-plus in annual Jim Click raffle Tucson-area nonprofits are selling raffle tickets for big prizes as part of the Millions for Tucson event, backed by automotive dealer Jim Click Jr. Here's how you can get tickets. Tucson bluegrass fest returns to Marana this weekend This is the 12th year Marana has hosted the Desert Bluegrass Association's annual festival, featuring nine bluegrass bands including one from Virginia. Photos: Arizona wraps their regular season with a 61-41 loss to UCLA, Pac 12 basketball The Wildcats fell behind big early and never quite climbed back to finish their final season of Pac 12 women's basketball with a 61-41 loss to the Bruins at McKale Center, March 2, 2024. Local opinion: Keep Tucson’s transit system permanently and forever fare-free The vision set forth by this mayor and Council to make our transit system fare-free is bold and brave. It’s also wildly popular. People are choosing to locate here for school, work, and to raise families because they want to live in a city that commits to a bold vision like a permanently fre… Tucson Speaks Out: March 5 letters of the day Letters to the Editor for March 5 Kari Lake drops court case she called key to her election challenge Lake drops effort she had argued was key in her bid to overturn her loss in the 2022 election for Arizona governor. AZ voters to get plan penalizing cities over homeless camps, etc. Arizona property owners could seek a tax refund if local government failed to take steps to clear out encampments, stop panhandling or abate other nuisances. Arizona announces plan to wipe out up to $2 billion of residents' medical debts Arizona will use up to $30 million in federal COVID relief funds to pay off up to $2 billion in medical bills owed by state residents. All Sunnyside Unified students can now get breakfast, lunch at no charge All Sunnyside Unified School District students can now get breakfast and lunch every school day at no charge, thanks to a federal program expansion. Armed man shot to death by victim he assaulted, Tucson police say Tucson police say they found a man who had been shot to death in an alley and that he was killed by a man whom he had assaulted and threatened with a gun. 'Twenty games left. Let’s get it on.' Roadrunners back home eying run to playoffs, postseason games in Tucson “Twenty games left. Let’s get it on,” Tucson Roadrunners forward Travis Barron said of the team's stretch-drive. Fresh from ending their four-game losing streak, the Roadrunners return home for their final 20 regular-season games seeking to secure hosting duties in the playoffs. Newest walk-on Wildcat Brooklyn Rhodes taking dream role with Arizona hoops in stride Newest Wildcat Brooklyn Rhodes, who officially joined coach Adia Barnes' Arizona basketball program a week ago, is taking her dream role in stride. Winning Pac-12 title could sew up individual honors for Caleb Love and Arizona teammates Winning Pac-12 title could sew up individual honors for Caleb Love and Arizona teammates. Hobbs unhappy state lawmakers are going to Israel mid-session "We have important issues in front of us, including the need to pass a balanced budget,'' Gov. Katie Hobbs complained Monday. Go behind the scenes of 'Gone With the Wind' with comedic play on stage in Tucson Though the making of the classic "Gone With the Wind" was a long, painful process, this production on stage in Tucson finds the humor in a snapshot from the experience. Arizona 'a really special place' for Helena Pueyo, Isis Beh and Esmery Martinez Arizona is "a really special place" for women's basketball players Helena Pueyo, Isis Beh and Emery Martinez. Also, Vegas, baby: the Wildcats' path to the Pac-12 semifinals this week. Arizona Wildcats rise to No. 5 spot in AP Top 25, projected on edge of No. 1 NCAA tourney seed Arizona rose one spot to No. 5 in the Associated Press Top 25 on Monday, and the Wildcats appear to be in a close battle with Tennessee for the final No. 1 NCAA Tournament seed with a week left in the regular season. Michael Lev: On McKale’s enduring edge, Adia Barnes’ tired troops, UA baseball’s status and more Michael Lev column: News and views on the homecourt advantage at McKale Center, the fatigued women’s basketball team, Chip Hale’s coaching chops, UA softball’s resurgence and NFL Combine standouts. New tool helps Tucson high school students explore job opportunities Plus other Tucson-area education news in brief, including new electric food carts at Vail high schools. 'Sweeney Todd' puts U of A's musical theater program chops on full display The University of Arizona is phasing out its musical theater program, but until then, don't miss high-quality student performances in "Sweeney Todd," on stage now. The owner behind La Yaquesita is bringing raspados to downtown Tucson Miguel Angel, the man behind La Yaquesita, is opening Raspaderia El Sahuaro downtown, a new raspado shop that also includes some of the tasty dishes found at his restaurant. Pac-12 rewind: Arizona rolls while WSU escapes, USC shows life and NCAA forecast remains bleak Jon Wilner's Pac-12 rewind: Arizona rolls while WSU escapes, USC shows life and NCAA forecast remains bleak. U of A President Robbins to take 10% pay cut amid $177 million deficit University of Arizona President Robert C. Robbins is taking a cut of 10% off his pay package of more than $1 million. Arizona Opera takes 'Roméo & Juliette' to the 1960s Gounod's opera "Roméo & Juliette" is being transported to 1960s Verona with nods to some of the era's cultural icons. See it on stage in Tucson. Four Arizona Wildcats shine at the NFL Draft Combine in Indianapolis Left tackle Jordan Morgan, wide receiver Jacob Cowing, running back Michael Wiley and tight end Tanner McLachlan were Arizona's representatives at the NFL Draft Combine in Indianapolis. Dozens of musicians to perform at Tucson Festival of Books The entertainment lineup for the annual Tucson Festival of Books covers every style of music, from folk and rock to mariachi, as well as regional and world dance. Local opinion: Arizona GOP's assault on transportation progress It feels like every trip to Phoenix is a struggle against traffic congestion. As I sit on the I-10 I'm envious of other states, countries and continents that have effectively harnessed rail. Each and every trip to Phoenix I wish Arizona leaders had the foresight to invest into passenger rail… Recommended For You Arizona announces plan to wipe out up to $2 billion of residents' medical debts Armed man shot to death by victim he assaulted, Tucson police say Michael Lev: On McKale’s enduring edge, Adia Barnes’ tired troops, UA baseball’s status and more Subscriber exclusives A national mac and cheese restaurant is making its Tucson debut For Star subscribers: A Florida-based mac and cheese restaurant is opening its first Tucson location, serving bowls topped with chicken parmesan, short ribs and more. Michael Lev: On McKale’s enduring edge, Adia Barnes’ tired troops, UA baseball’s status and more Michael Lev column: News and views on the homecourt advantage at McKale Center, the fatigued women’s basketball team, Chip Hale’s coaching chops, UA softball’s resurgence and NFL Combine standouts. Arizona's veto-weary Republican lawmakers going directly to voters more often Republicans are trying to work around divided government rather than trying to enact laws that can win Gov. Hobbs' signature, says Sen. Priya Sundareshan, a Tucson Democrat. Here are GOP measures — so far — that could be headed directly to Arizona voters The Legislature referred four measures to the ballot last year that are already set to be voted upon in November. The Latest Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 3 Ellie Wolfe is the Higher Education reporter at the Arizona Daily Star. New to Tucson from Northampton, Massachusetts, Ellie reports on the University of Arizona, the largest employer in the city of Tucson, and Pima Community College. She talks to David about her previous experience at The B… Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 2 Ellie Wolfe is the Higher Education reporter at the Arizona Daily Star. New to Tucson from Northampton, Massachusetts, Ellie reports on the University of Arizona, the largest employer in the city of Tucson, and Pima Community College. She talks to David about her previous experience at The B… Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 1 Ellie Wolfe is the Higher Education reporter at the Arizona Daily Star. New to Tucson from Northampton, Massachusetts, Ellie reports on the University of Arizona, the largest employer in the city of Tucson, and Pima Community College. She talks to David about her previous experience at The B… Photos: No. 6 Arizona wins 103-83 over Oregon, Pac-12 men's basketball No. 6 Arizona wins 103-83 over Oregon in a Pac-12 men's basketball game at the McKale Center. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 3 Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 2 Stars of the Star: Ellie Wolfe pt 1 Tucson weather forecast for March 5 Sports Arizona's Caleb Love one of five finalists for Jerry West Award, honoring top shooting guard Arizona's Caleb Love has been named one of five finalists for the Jerry West Award, honoring college basketball's top shooting guard. Tucson's TV/radio sports best bets: Tuesday, March 5 TV 'Twenty games left. Let’s get it on.' Roadrunners back home eying run to playoffs, postseason games in Tucson “Twenty games left. Let’s get it on,” Tucson Roadrunners forward Travis Barron said of the team's stretch-drive. Fresh from ending their four-game losing streak, the Roadrunners return home for their final 20 regular-season games seeking to secure hosting duties in the playoffs. Newest walk-on Wildcat Brooklyn Rhodes taking dream role with Arizona hoops in stride Newest Wildcat Brooklyn Rhodes, who officially joined coach Adia Barnes' Arizona basketball program a week ago, is taking her dream role in stride. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Man seeks to commemorate moment Bessie Smith and fans chased off the KKK in North Carolina A North Carolina resident is working to make sure music legend Bessie Smith is forever remembered for a moment of bravery against the KKK that occurred almost 100 years ago. Toby Keith, Carl Weathers, Richard Lewis join list of stars who have died in 2024 The world mourned the loss of musicians, athletes and actors in February, including Wayne Kramer, Toby Keith, Lefty Driesell, Carl Weathers and Richard Lewis. Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Need a personal injury attorney after an accident? Here’s what to look for Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Find out what to look for in a personal injury accident attorney. Contributor The Magic Shot: A non-surgical route to enhance your confidence Contributor Content. While taking care of ourselves and feeling great is more important than ever, it might be time to explore new paths to boost confidence and well-being. Sponsored Children and car crashes: Keep precious cargo safe Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Learn how to best protect your kids when driving. Contributor The rise of BTC: Decoding evolution, mining, and bitcoin's price Contributor Content. Several exchanges have risen to prominence in the dynamic cryptocurrency arena. Local Businesses Department Of Veteran Affairs 4135 S.Power Rd, Ste. 103, Mesa, AZ 85212 Friends Of The Pima Co Public Library 2230 N Country Club, Tucson, AZ 85716 Website CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES 12111 N La Cholla Blvd, Oro Valley, AZ 85755 Website × Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Arizona Daily Star Store This is Tucson Saddlebag Notes Tucson Festival of Books Sites & Partners E-edition Classifieds Events calendar Careers @ Lee Enterprises Careers @ Gannett Online Features Sponsored Blogs Services Advertise with us Register Contact us RSS feeds Newsletters Photo reprints Subscriber services Subscription FAQ Licensing © Copyright 2024 Arizona Daily Star, PO Box 26887 Tucson, AZ 85726-6887 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe