A Book Apart ⭐️ LEAP INTO OUR BIGGEST SALE EVER + SAVE UP TO 85% ➜ A Book Apart Shop Blog About Twitter Instagram Toggle Search Form Search Search Help Sign In 0 Cart Brief books for people who design, write, and code We shed light on the industry’s most essential topics in a format that’s practical and fun. Stacks of Savings Buy in bulk and save up to 85% on select paperbacks, including bestsellers, classics, and new releases—no code needed, just add books to your shopping cart. Save Now New Release Vanessa Gennarelli Surviving Change at Work The reality of working at a high-growth organization can be tough to endure. From product pivots to constantly shifting expectations to personnel turnover, it’s enough to cause whiplash. If this is your first (or second, or even third!) rodeo in a tech job, and you’re wondering how to stay upright amid the tumult, Surviving Change at Work will keep you grounded. Buy This Book Latest News RSS Feed A New Chapter for A Book Apart Mar 01, 2024 Dear Reader, We wanted to share a bit of news with you. Since opening our doors in 2010, we’ve navigated considerable change—from rising production costs, to fluctuating fulfillment needs, to evolving operational strategies. Largely, experiencing such change has inspired us to shift, flex, and transform. More recently, it is testing the sustainability of our business, and after careful consideration we will no longer be publishing new titles. Read on for more. Leap Into *BIG* Savings Feb 28, 2024 ABA is now everywhere fine books are sold! Dec 20, 2023 Last Chance to Save 25%! Dec 14, 2023 Great Giftables - 25% Off! Dec 11, 2023 View All News The Best Newsletter Around Stay in the know about new releases, news and interviews, and special offers. Website Email Address Subscribe Error! There was a problem submitting your information. Please try again. Thank You! Your subscription is complete. Processing… By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use. Starter Packs Curated collections of books on a theme, get you up to speed—and save! Collaborative Design Work better, together. Compassionate Design Create kinder, more connected design. Typography Essentials Design readable, great-looking words. View all Packs A Book Apart Gear Mugs, shirts, and totes, oh my! Outfit yourself and support your favorite indie book publisher. Shop Now Recent Releases Vanessa Gennarelli Surviving Change at Work Ethan Marcotte You Deserve a Tech Union Elizabeth McGuane Design by Definition Michael Angeles, Leon Barnard, & Billy Carlson Wireframing for Everyone Preston So Immersive Content and Usability Yael Ben-David The Business of UX Writing View all Books Newsletter Website Email Address Subscribe Error! There was a problem submitting your information. Please try again. Thank You! Your subscription is complete. Processing… By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use. Follow Us Twitter@abookapart on Twitter Instagram@abookapart on Instagram RSSA Book Apart News RSS Shop Books Starter Packs Gear Company Help & Contact About Us Resources for Authoring © Copyright 2024, A Book Apart, LLC Privacy Policy Hosting by Arcustech