Home | The Church of England Skip to main content Some functionality has been disabled To experience the best that the Church of England website has to offer, you need to enable JavaScript in your browser's settings. Turnon.js provides guidance on how to activate JavaScript for your particular browser. A Christian presence in every community Site Nav The Church of England A Church Near You The Archbishop of Canterbury The Archbishop of York Search Find an event happening right now, near you Popular search items General Synod Today's prayer Weekly online services Menu Quick Links Footer Archbishops' Council Pensions Board Church Commissioners Church House Publishing Safeguarding Modern Slavery Careers Contact Us Social Footer navigational small Accessibility Privacy & Cookie Policy Glossary Wisdom and hope for Lent and life Watch and Pray Daily reflections throughout Lent scroll down Synod on demand The February 2023 Group of Sessions is now closed and General Synod reconvenes in July in York. If you've missed a session, all the proceedings for this Group of Sessions are now available to watch again on demand.. Watch again Israel-Gaza war Information for parishes and individuals seeking to better understand the Church’s response to the war and guidance on how they can how help whether through prayer, giving or action. Learn more A Service for the Third Sunday of Lent Our service for the Third Sunday of Lent comes from the ancient church of St Mary & St Michael, Stoke Charity. Led by Rev Dr Robert Rees, this service of communion and fellowship will focus on the power and scandal of God. Join our online community from 9am on Sunday. Worship with us Vision & Strategy The Church of England’s vocation is and always has been to proclaim the good news of Jesus Christ afresh in each generation to the people of England. Learn more about our vision for a simpler, humbler, bolder church. Learn more Quick read Church Commissioners for England warmly welcomes Oversight Group’s report 04/03/2024 Stakeholder update from the Archbishops’ Commission on Families and Households 01/03/2024 Bishop welcomes MPs' recommendations for end-of-life care 29/02/2024 PDF Share this page Email this page Print this page Prayer for the Day Tuesday, 5 March 2024 Your browser does not support the audio element. Eternal God, give us insight to discern your will for us, to give up what harms us, and to seek the perfection we are promised in Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. The Third Sunday of Lent X Email Password Create new accountRequest new password