UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results: MMA Fighting Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile MMA Fighting homepage Horizontal - White MMA Fighting Follow MMA Fighting online: Follow MMA Fighting on Twitter Follow MMA Fighting on Facebook Log in or sign up Log In Sign Up Site search Search Search MMA Fighting main menu UFC MMA News Podcasts Videos Schedule Rankings Sections DraftKings Nation About Masthead Community Guidelines More All 300 communities on Horizontal - White UFC MMA News Podcasts Videos Schedule Fight Schedule Fight Results Rankings Sections Boxing PFL Bellator Results Full Archive DraftKings Nation About Masthead Community Guidelines ✕ Conor McGregor wants Michael Chandler in June, Nate Diaz trilogy at The Sphere but ‘lack of action’ causing him to lose enthusiasm Conor McGregor addresses his immediate future with hopes that he can still return against Michael Chandler in June and then possibly face Nate Diaz in September but laments "lack of action." By Damon Martin Mar 5, 2024, 2:32pm EST / new / new Curtis Blaydes: Jon Jones ‘not scared’ of Tom Aspinall, Stipe Miocic is just ‘biggest heavyweight fight of the century’ Curtis Blaydes addresses Tom Aspinall becoming interim heavyweight champion and his gripes that he’s not getting the chance to unify the title with Jon Jones. By Damon Martin Mar 5, 2024, 2:00pm EST / new / new Matt Brown: UFC ‘squeezing all the juice’ out of Sean O’Malley before Merab Dvalishvili ‘comes in and empties that cup’ Matt Brown expects Sean O’Malley to retain his title at UFC 299 but he believes it will be a short-lived reign because there’s no way he’s getting past Merab Dvalishvili. By Damon Martin Mar 5, 2024, 10:00am EST / new / new UFC 299 roundtable: Does Sean O’Malley move on to superfights if he gets past Marlon Vera? Sean O’Malley’s UFC title run has just begun, but has his stardom already outgrown the promotion’s bantamweight division? By Alexander K. Lee, Mike Heck, and 1 more Mar 5, 2024, 9:00am EST / new / new Francis Ngannou’s coach guarantees knockout of Anthony Joshua: ‘Lightning will strike twice’ Coach Dewey Cooper predicts Francis Ngannou will shock the world against Anthony Joshua, just as the former UFC champ did when he nearly beat Tyson Fury. By Alexander K. Lee Mar 4, 2024, 7:00pm EST / new / new Video: Sean O’Malley reveals pink shorts for UFC 299 main event clash with Marlon Vera Sean O’Malley is taking his in-cage style to the next level this Saturday at UFC 299. By Alexander K. Lee Mar 5, 2024, 12:00pm EST / new / new Vince McMahon selling off another $411 million worth of stock in TKO Group Holdings By Damon Martin / new Monday Mailbag: Seriously, who gets to challenge Alexandre Pantoja? Plus, UFC 299 vs. UFC 300 By Jed Meshew / new Latest News Videos Schedule Anthony Joshua vs. Francis Ngannou full fight card Heavyweight star Anthony Joshua faces former UFC champion Francis Ngannou in a boxing match this Friday in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. By Alexander K. Lee March 5 / new Randy Couture expects Francis Ngannou to return to MMA even if he beats Anthony Joshua Randy Couture believes Francis Ngannou will eventually return to MMA, even with the tremendous success he’s found in boxing. By Damon Martin March 5 / new Vinicius Oliveira shares alleged DM exchange with Umar Nurmagomedov: ‘I’ll rip your heart out and feed it to some dogs’ Vinicius Oliveira isn’t shying away from a fight with undefeated UFC bantamweight Umar Nurmagomedov. By Guilherme Cruz March 5 / new Donn Davis celebrates Francis Ngannou’s boxing success, happy to wait until 2025 for PFL debut PFL Founder Donn Davis is happy for Francis Ngannou’s success in boxing, ready to wait until next year for his PFL debut if necessary. By Jed Meshew March 5 / new UFC 299 Embedded, episode 2: ‘You never know when it’s going to be your last fight’ Follow Marlon "Chito" Vera, Sean O’Malley, Jack Della Maddalena, Benoit Saint Denis, and more on the second episode of UFC 299 Embedded. By Alexander K. Lee March 5 / new UFC 299 broadcast team set: Joe Rogan, Daniel Cormier join Jon Anik for Sean O’Malley vs. Marlon Vera 2 Joe Rogan and Daniel Cormier both join Jon Anik on the broadcast for UFC 299 this Saturday. By Mike Heck March 5 / new Benoit Saint Denis not ruling out title shot with Dustin Poirier win: ‘Nothing is impossible for a French guy’ Benoit Saint Denis plans to become UFC champion and the face of French MMA. By Alexander K. Lee March 5 / new MMAF Podcast Network Heck of a Morning: Dissecting laundry list of UFC 299 storylines, Sean O’Malley vs. Marlon Vera 2, and more Matt Brown: UFC ‘squeezing all the juice’ out of Sean O’Malley before Merab Dvalishvili ‘comes in and empties that cup’ Watch The MMA Hour with Blaydes, Rozenstruik, Royval, Yadong, and Cooper now Heck of a Morning: Dissecting laundry list of UFC 299 storylines, Sean O’Malley vs. Marlon Vera 2, and more Topics include UFC 299, Sean O’Malley vs. Marlon Vera 2, Anthony Joshua vs. Francis Ngannou, and more. By Mike Heck March 5 / new From Vox Media We're building great things, and we need your talent. Joshua vs. Ngannou open workouts At the Joshua vs. Ngannou open workouts, the top fighters at Friday’s event will show off their skills in Saudi Arabia. By Bryan Tucker March 5 / new ‘I’ve always defied the odds’: How one fighter is making a stand in the face of unfathomable heartbreak There’s an age-old cliche in the combat sports world: "You live to fight another day." But in the case of Las Vegas mixed martial artist Ashlee Gambino, she needs to fight to live another day. By Mike Heck February 29 / new Morning Report: Michael Bisping rips ‘bully’ Jake Paul for ‘disrespecting the sport of boxing’ Jake Paul added another knockout to his resume in Puerto Rico this past weekend. By Drake Riggs March 5 / new Elves Brener vs. Myktybek Orolbai booked for UFC 301 in Brazil A lightweight showdown between Elves Brenner and Myktybek Orolbai is set for UFC 301 in Rio de Janeiro. By Guilherme Cruz March 4 / new Devin Haney weighs in on potential Garcia vs. O’Malley fight, makes prediction for Joshua vs. Ngannou Devin Haney weighs in on a potential boxing or MMA fight between Ryan Garcia and Sean O’Malley, along with the upcoming Anthony Joshua vs. Francis Ngannou fight. By MMA Fighting Newswire March 4 / new Brandon Royval still wants title shot, but open to fighting ‘f****** boring’ Muhammad Mokaev next Brandon Royval still has his eyes set on a flyweight title shot, but is not opposed to fighting Muhammad Mokaev next if offered. By Jed Meshew March 4 / new UFC 299 Embedded, episode 1: ‘It’s hard to be serious looking like Eminem’ Follow Sean O’Malley, Chito Vera, Dustin Poirier, Benoit Saint Denis, Gilbert Burns, Michael ‘Venom’ Page and more on the debut episode of UFC 299 Embedded. By Jed Meshew March 4 / new Videos Donn Davis celebrates Francis Ngannou’s boxing success, happy to wait until 2025 for PFL debut PFL Founder Donn Davis is happy for Francis Ngannou’s success in boxing, ready to wait until next year for his PFL debut if necessary. UFC 299 Embedded, episode 2: ‘You never know when it’s going to be your last fight’ Follow Marlon "Chito" Vera, Sean O’Malley, Jack Della Maddalena, Benoit Saint Denis, and more on the second episode of UFC 299 Embedded. Benoit Saint Denis not ruling out title shot with Dustin Poirier win: ‘Nothing is impossible for a French guy’ Benoit Saint Denis plans to become UFC champion and the face of French MMA. More in Videos Watch The MMA Hour with Blaydes, Rozenstruik, Royval, Yadong, and Cooper now Ariel Helwani and The MMA Hour are BACK with a special early start time at 12 p.m. ET. Joining today’s show are Curtis Blaydes, Jairzinho Rozenstruik, Brandon Royval, Song Yadong, Dewey Cooper, and more. By Ariel Helwani March 4 / new Trophy and heartbreak: A day at the races with Charles Oliveira Judging by Charles Oliveira’s pre-race emotions, his love for harness racing might be even bigger than fighting. By Guilherme Cruz September 19, 2023 / new Francis Ngannou vows ‘I’m not leaving boxing’ regardless of Anthony Joshua result Francis Ngannou’s transition to boxing may have started as a side hustle, but as he readies to face Anthony Joshua on Friday, that mission statement has shifted to something more. By Shaun Al-Shatti March 4 / new Dustin Poirier: If I could, I’d bet on Max Holloway over Justin Gaethje at UFC 300 Dustin Poirier gives his pick for Max Holloway vs. Justin Gaethje at UFC 300. By Steven Marrocco March 4 / new Watch Anthony Joshua vs. Francis Ngannou grand arrivals Anthony Joshua and Francis Ngannou will arrive in style for their showdown Friday evening. By Bryan Tucker March 4 / new Jake Paul announces next event date, shoots down Tony Ferguson callout: ‘That would be sad’ Jake Paul doesn’t want to be the one to welcome struggling UFC star Tony Ferguson to boxing. By Alexander K. Lee March 4 / new On To the Next One: Matches to make after UFC Vegas 87 Future matchups are discussed for Jairzinho Rozenstruik, Muhammad Mokaev, Umar Nurmagomedov, and more following UFC Vegas 87. By Mike Heck March 4 / new How to Judge an MMA Fight (With Quiz) MMA Fighting presents How To Judge An MMA Fight, a primer and quiz on MMA judging featuring current MMA judges. By Steven Marrocco July 27, 2023 / new Morning Report: Sean O’Malley says Marlon Vera knows he’s been ‘gifted this title shot’ at UFC 299 UFC 299 fight week is upon us. By Drake Riggs March 4 / new ‘UFC 299 Countdown’ video Watch ‘UFC 299 Countdown’ video to preview Sean O’Malley vs. Chito Vera 2, Dustin Poirier vs. Benoit Saint Denis, and Kevin Holland vs. Michael Page. By Shaun Al-Shatti March 3 / new Jamie Pickett retires following 5th straight UFC loss: ‘I got kids who count on me’ Jamie Pickett confirmed his UFC Vegas 87 loss to Eryk Anders was the final fight of his career. By Mike Heck March 3 / new Umar Nurmagomedov fires back at critics claiming he pulls out of fights and doesn’t compete enough Umar Nurmagomedov fired back at his harshest critics who say he pulls out of too many fights and doesn’t compete enough with only five appearances in the UFC over the past three years. By Damon Martin March 3 / new Justin Tafa returns the favor, steps in for brother Junior to face Karl Williams at UFC Vegas 89 Justin Tafa will now replace his brother Junior Tafa to face Karl Williams at UFC Vegas 89 on March 23. By Mike Heck March 3 / new MMA fighter disqualified from boxing match after takedown, brutal ground-and-pound knockout MMA veteran Marcin Sianos was disqualified from a boxing match against Artur Bizewski on Saturday after executing a takedown and scoring a brutal ground-and-pound knockout. By Shaun Al-Shatti March 3 / new Renan Ferreira to sit out 2024 PFL season to wait for Francis Ngannou, vows to be ‘a big problem for him’ Renan Ferreira doesn’t plan on fighting until he shares a cage — or boxing ring — with Francis Ngannou. By Guilherme Cruz March 3 / new Tyson Fury: Francis Ngannou ‘needs to get on his knees and kiss my feet’ for what I’ve done for him Tyson Fury believes Francis Ngannou should give him all the credit in the world for his success in the boxing world. By Mike Heck March 3 / new Latest News Anthony Joshua vs. Francis Ngannou full fight card Heavyweight star Anthony Joshua faces former UFC champion Francis Ngannou in a boxing match this Friday in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Randy Couture expects Francis Ngannou to return to MMA even if he beats Anthony Joshua Randy Couture believes Francis Ngannou will eventually return to MMA, even with the tremendous success he’s found in boxing. Vinicius Oliveira shares alleged DM exchange with Umar Nurmagomedov: ‘I’ll rip your heart out and feed it to some dogs’ Vinicius Oliveira isn’t shying away from a fight with undefeated UFC bantamweight Umar Nurmagomedov. More in Latest News Pagination More Stories Sign up for the newsletter Sign up for the MMA Fighting Daily Roundup newsletter! A daily roundup of all your fighting news from MMA Fighting Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe close Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Horizontal - White Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines Vox MediaVox Media Vox Media logo. Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 | SB Nation Combat