Earthdata | Earthdata Skip to main content Data Data Find and use NASA Earth science data fully, openly, and without restrictions. Get Started Find Data Use Data Earthdata Search Data Tools Data Recipes Worldview Worldview Image of the Week Worldview Snapshots Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) Common Metadata Repository (CMR) Land, Atmosphere Near Real-Time Data (LANCE) Fire Information for Resource Management System (FIRMS) Active Fire Data Fire Email Alerts Fire Map (Global) Fire Map (US/Canada) Topics Topics Recognizing the connections between interdependent Earth systems is critical for understanding the world in which we live. Image Atmosphere Atmosphere The atmosphere is a gaseous envelope surrounding and protecting our planet from the intense radiation of the Sun and serves as a key interface between the terrestrial and ocean cycles. Biosphere Biosphere The biosphere encompasses all life on Earth and extends from root systems to mountaintops and all depths of the ocean. It is critical for maintaining species diversity, regulating climate, and providing numerous ecosystem functions. Cryosphere Cryosphere The cryosphere encompasses the frozen parts of Earth, including glaciers and ice sheets, sea ice, and any other frozen body of water. The cryosphere plays a critical role in regulating climate and sea levels. Human Dimensions Human Dimensions The human dimensions discipline includes ways humans interact with the environment and how these interactions impact Earth’s systems. It also explores the vulnerability of human communities to natural disasters and hazards. Land Surface Land Surface The land surface discipline includes research into areas such as shrinking forests, warming land, and eroding soils. NASA data provide key information on land surface parameters and the ecological state of our planet. Ocean Ocean This vast, critical reservoir supports a diversity of life and helps regulate Earth’s climate. Solid Earth Solid Earth Processes occurring deep within Earth constantly are shaping landforms. Although originating from below the surface, these processes can be analyzed from ground, air, or space-based measurements. Sun-Earth Interactions Sun-Earth Interactions The Sun influences a variety of physical and chemical processes in Earth’s atmosphere. NASA continually monitors solar radiation and its effect on the planet. Terrestrial Hydrosphere Terrestrial Hydrosphere The terrestrial hydrosphere includes water on the land surface and underground in the form of lakes, rivers, and groundwater along with total water storage. Learn Learn Whether you are a scientist, an educator, a student, or are just interested in learning more about NASA’s Earth science data and how to use them, we have the resources to help. Get information and guides to help you find and use NASA Earth science data, services, and tools. Image Get Started Backgrounders Data Pathfinders Data Toolkits Webinars and Tutorials Data Stories Articles Data Chats Data User Profiles Engage Engage We provide a variety of ways for Earth scientists to collaborate with NASA. Image Data Management Guidance Open Data, Services, and Software Policies Open Source Software Policy Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) Standards Data Standards and Requirements Data Use Policy Data Citations and Acknowledgements Adding New Data to EOSDIS Public & Private Partnerships Memberships & Affiliations About About Making NASA's free and open Earth science data interactive, interoperable, and accessible for research and societal benefit both today and tomorrow. Image Earth Science Data Systems (ESDS) Program ESDS Program Components Commercial Smallsat Data Acquisition (CSDA) Program Competitive Programs Interagency Implementation and Advanced Concepts Team (IMPACT) Earth Science Data and Information System (ESDIS) Project Earth Observing System Data and Information System (EOSDIS) Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAAC) System Performance and Metrics System Components Data System Interfaces Search data find data use data earthdata search common metadata repository (cmr) data tools data recipes worldview snapshots global imagery browse services (gibs) near real-time data worldview fire information for resource management system (firms) active fire data fire email alerts fire map (global) fire map (us/canada) topics atmosphere biosphere cryosphere human dimensions land surface ocean solid earth sun-earth interactions terrestrial hydrosphere learn get started backgrounders data pathfinders data toolkits webinars and tutorials data stories articles data chats data user profiles engage public & private partnerships memberships & affiliations open data, services, and software policies open source software policy application programing interfaces (APIs) earthdata code collaborative (ECC) standards data standards and requirements data use policy data citations and acknowledgements adding new data to eosdis about earth science data systems (esds) program commercial smallsat data acquisition (csda) program competitive programs esds program components interagency implementation and advanced concepts team (impact) earth science data and information system (esdis) project earth observing system data and information system (eosdis) distributed active archive centers (daacs) system performance and metrics system components data system interfaces Your Gateway to NASA Earth Observation Data The Earth Science Data Systems (ESDS) Program provides full and open access to NASA’s collection of Earth science data for understanding and protecting our home planet. Begin your Earthdata exploration by clicking on any of the discipline icons above. Get Started Find Data Use Data Atmosphere Biosphere Cryosphere Human Dimensions Land Surface Ocean Solid Earth Sun–Earth Interactions Terrestrial Hydrosphere Your Gateway to NASA Earth Observation Data ExploreTopics The Earth Science Data Systems (ESDS) Program provides full and open access to NASA’s collection of Earth science data for understanding and protecting our home planet. Get Started Find Data Use Data Data Pathfinders New to using NASA Earth science data? Our Data Pathfinders will help you chart a path through the process of selecting data products and learning how to use them. Click the arrows on either side of the box to find your topic-specific starting point. View All > Agriculture & Water Air Quality Biological Diversity and Ecological Forecasting Disasters Diseases GIS Greenhouse Gases Sea Level Change Water Quality Wildfires Previous Next Resource Spotlight Find data, articles, webinars and other resources on relevant topics in one place on these spotlight pages. Wildfires NASA provides many resources for monitoring and tracking wildfires. Open Science Open Science empowers an inclusive, collaborative scientific process through the open sharing of data and knowledge. Air Quality Air pollution is one of the largest global environmental and health threats. Read MoreFeb 29, 2024 No Longer Just an Experiment: 30 Years of the IGSThe International Global Navigation Satellite Systems Service (IGS), a voluntary federation of more than 200 self-funding entities, celebrates three decades of providing high-quality data. ArticleFeb 28, 2024 Preparing for PACE DataSimulated data help Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, ocean Ecosystem (PACE) users prepare a day in the life of the new satellite. ArticleFeb 27, 2024 New TEMPO Beta Level 1 Data ProductsThese new Tropospheric Emissions: Monitoring of Pollution (TEMPO) products will aid validation efforts and algorithm development, and will be used to expand the mission’s higher-level products. ArticleFeb 21, 2024 Data Tool in Focus: View Data The View Data tool lets users find and preview full-resolution MODIS and VIIRS atmospheric datasets prior to downloading. Data ChatFeb 15, 2024 Data Chat: Dr. Philip BrodrickNASA has long used imaging spectroscopy to peer into space. Now, scientists are using the technology to take a closer look at Earth. News and Events Second Airborne and Field Data WorkshopMar 4, 2024 Join us April 23 to 24, 2024 for the Second Airborne and Field Data Workshop. This virtual workshop, organized by the Airborne and Field Data Working Group, will gather input to improve the usability of airborne and field data, with a focus on tools and standards. Earth Science Data Roundup: March 2024Mar 4, 2024 A summary of datasets, products, and resources released by NASA’s Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAACs) in Feb 2024. NASA Funding Opportunity for Citizen Science ProjectsFeb 21, 2024 NASA will fund approximately 6 to 10 citizen science projects under the Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Sciences 2024 (ROSES-2024) solicitation. Notices of Intent (NOI) are due by April 15, 2024. View All News > Blog Open Science Workshop Explores Human-Environment InteractionsFeb 26, 2024 Hosted by NASA’s Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center (SEDAC), the January workshop focused on ways to apply open science to human aspects of global environmental change. U.S. Greenhouse Gas Center Focus of Workshop at AMS Annual MeetingFeb 14, 2024 A workshop at the 2024 American Meteorological Society (AMS) meeting helped attendees maximize their use of openly available data offered through the U.S. Greenhouse Gas Center. Applying Machine Learning to Harmful Algal BloomsFeb 12, 2024 The open-source Cyanobacteria Finder (CyFi) uses machine learning to pinpoint areas that may contain harmful algal blooms in lakes, reservoirs, rivers, and other small water bodies. View All Posts > Worldview Image of the Week Feb 29, 2024 Worldview Archive > Iceberg A23a in the Southern Ocean, AntarcticaImage captured on Feb 27, 2024, by the MODIS instrument aboard NASA's Terra satellite. Engage Explore the ways you can engage with NASA Earth science data, services, and community. Open Science Open Services and APIs Standards and Practices Forums Contact Us Contact Us Subscribe Follow Us Data Find Data Earthdata Search Common Metadata Repository (CMR) International Directory Network (IDN) Use Data Data Tools Data Recipes Worldview Worldview Image of the Week Worldview Snapshots Global Imagery Browse Services (GIBS) Land, Atmosphere Near Real-Time Data (LANCE) FIRMS Active Fire Data Fire Email Alerts Fire Map (Global) Fire Map (US/Canada) Topics Atmosphere Biosphere Cryosphere Human Dimensions Land Surface Ocean Solid Earth Sun-Earth Interactions Terrestrial Hydrosphere Learn Get Started Backgrounders Data Pathfinders Data Toolkits Webinars and Tutorials Data Stories Articles Data User Profiles Data Chats Engage Data Management Guidance for ESD-Funded Researchers Open Data, Services, and Software Policies Open Source Software Policy Earthdata Developer Resources & APIs Earthdata Code Collaborative Standards Data Standards and Requirements Data Use Policy Data Citations and Acknowledgements Adding Data to EOSDIS Public/Private Partnerships Members and Affiliations About ESDS Program ESDS Program Components Commercial Smallsat Data Acquisition (CSDA) Program Competitive Programs Interagency Implementation and Advanced Concepts Team (IMPACT) ESDIS Project ESDIS Project Library COMET (login required) EOSDIS DAACs System Performance and Metrics System Components Data System Interfaces More From Earthdata Contact Us Earthdata Forum Community Forums Support Related Links NASA Official: Cerese Albers Web Privacy Policy Data and Information Policy Communications Policy Freedom of Information Act USA.gov Sitemap NASA Official: Cerese Albers