Web design and development articles and tutorials for advent ◆ 24 ways Skip to content 24 ways to impress your friends Search 24 ways Keywords Business Code Content Design Process UX Archives Authors About 2019 24 ways is the advent calendar for web geeks. For twenty-four days each December we publish a daily dose of web design and development goodness to bring you all a little Christmas cheer. Learn more The Accidental Side Project Drew McLellan Drew McLellan puts the chairs up on the tables, sweeps the floor, and closes off our season, and indeed the entire 24 ways project with a look back at what it’s meant to run this site as a site project, and what impact side projects can have on the work we do. Will the last one out turn off Christmas the lights? 24 Dec 2019 Four Ways Design Systems Can Promote Accessibility – and What They Can’t Do Amy Hupe Amy Hupe prepares a four bird roast of tasty treats so we can learn how the needs of many different types of users can be served through careful implementation of components within a design system. 23 Dec 2019 Usability and Security; Better Together Divya Sasidharan Divya Sasidharan calls into question the trade-offs often made between security and usability. Does a secure interface by necessity need to be hard to use? Or is it the choice we make based on years of habit? Snow has fallen, snow on snow. 22 Dec 2019 Flexible Captioned Slanted Images Eric Meyer Eric Meyer gift wraps the most awkwardly shaped of boxes using nothing but CSS, HTML and a little curl of ribbon. No matter how well you plan and how much paper you have at your disposal, sometimes you just need to slant the gift to the side. 21 Dec 2019 There Is No Design System Jina Anne Jina Anne silences the night to talk about how we talk about Design Systems. Can the language we use impact the effectiveness of the solution? Fear not, if mighty dread has seized your troubled mind. Design systems of great joy we bring to you and all mankind. 20 Dec 2019 A Modern Typographic Scale Rob Weychert Rob Weychert reaches for the top notes to sing us a song of typographic scale. A little attention to scale and to the mathematics will help you to hit a high note with your designs this Christmas and beyond. 19 Dec 2019 Five Interesting Ways to Use Array.reduce() (And One Boring Way) Chris Ferdinandi Chris Ferdinandi turns the heat down low and lets the sauce reduce while we take a look at how to add spice to our source with a sprinkling of Array.reduce(). Just a little ingenuity with the humblest of functions. 18 Dec 2019 Building a Dictaphone Using Media Recorder and getUserMedia Chris Mills Chris Mills brushes up his shorthand and shows how the MediaStream Recording API in modern browsers can be used to capture audio directly from the user’s device. Inching ever closer to the capabilities of native software, it truly is an exciting time to be a web developer. 17 Dec 2019 A History of CSS Through Fifteen Years of 24 ways Rachel Andrew Rachel Andrew guides us through a tour of the last fifteen years in CSS layout, as manifested in articles here on 24 ways. From the days when Internet Explorer 6 was de rigueur, right up to the modern age of evergreen browsers, the only thing you can be sure of is that the web never stands still for long. 16 Dec 2019 Microbrowsers are Everywhere Colin Bendell Colin Bendell gets into the minutia of microbrowsers - the small previews of your site that are pervasive all around the web and through social media apps and search engines whenever an item of content on your site is referenced. 15 Dec 2019 Design Tokens and Component Based Design Stuart Robson Stuart Robson rolls up his sleeves and begins to piece together the jigsaw puzzle that is design tokens and component based design. Starting with the corners, and working around the edges, Stu helps us to piece together a full picture of a modern design system. 14 Dec 2019 Art Direction and the New WordPress Editor Mel Choyce Mel Choyce explores how the new WordPress editor (also know as Gutenberg) can be used to create more carefully art directed posts. Like gifts carefully arranged beneath the Christmas tree, it’s the contents that matters but the presentation that sells. 13 Dec 2019 Making Distributed Working Work Anna Debenham Anna Debenham harnesses up the huskies and puts them to work to figure out how teams distributed across multiple locations can work effectively to all pull in the same direction. With modern workforces distributed from north pole to south, can they all be kept running in step? 12 Dec 2019 Gift Giving to the World (Wide Web) Frances Berriman Frances Berriman asks us to give the gift of consideration to those who are using the web on constricted devices such as low-end smart phones or feature phones. Christmas is a time of good will to all, and as Bugsy Malone reminds us, you give a little love and it all comes back to you. 11 Dec 2019 Z’s Still Not Dead Baby, Z’s Still Not Dead Andy Clarke Andy Clarke digs deep into snow to find ways flat design can be brought back to life in CSS with the use of techniques to create a sense of depth. Like spring after an everlasting winter, perhaps it’s time to let a different style of design flourish. What a relief. 10 Dec 2019 It’s Time to Get Personal Laura Kalbag Laura Kalbag discusses the gift of personal data we give to Big Tech when we share information on its platforms, and how reviving ye olde personal website can be one way to stay in control of the content we share and the data we leak. Christmas is a time for giving, but know what you’re giving to whom. 9 Dec 2019 It All Starts with a Humble <textarea> Andy Bell Andy Bell rings out a fresh call in support of the timeless concept of progressive enhancement. What does it mean to build a modern JavaScript-focussed web experience that still works well if part of the stack isn’t supported or fails? Andy shows us how that might be done. 8 Dec 2019 Iconography of Security Molly Wilson & Eileen Wagner Molly Wilson and Eileen Wagner battle the age old Christmas issues of right and wrong, good and evil, and how the messages we send through iconography design can impact the decisions users make around important issues of security. Are you icons wise men, or are they actually King Herod? 7 Dec 2019 Beautiful Scrolling Experiences – Without Libraries Michelle Barker Michelle Barker appears as one of a heavenly host, coming forth with scroll in hand to pronounce an end to janky scrolljacking! Unto us a new specification is born, in the city of TimBL, and its name shall be called Scroll Snap. 6 Dec 2019 Interactivity and Animation with Variable Fonts Mandy Michael Mandy Michael turns the corner on our variable font adventure and stumbles into a grotto of wonder and amazement. Not forgetting the need for a proper performance budget, Mandy shows how variable fonts can free your creativity from bygone technical constraints. 5 Dec 2019 An Introduction to Variable Fonts Jason Pamental Jason Pamental forges a path through the freshly laid snowy landscape of variable fonts. Like a brave explorer in a strange new typography topology let Jason show you the route to some fantastic font feats. Everything you thought you knew has changed. 4 Dec 2019 Future Accessibility Guidelines—for People Who Can’t Wait to Read Them Alan Dalton Alan Dalton uses this, the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, to look back at where we’ve come from, to evaluate where we are, and to look forward to what’s coming next in the future of accessibility guidelines. 3 Dec 2019 Twelve Days of Front End Testing Amy Kapernick Amy Kapernick sings us through numerous ways of improving the robustness and reliability of our front end code with a comprehensive rundown of ideas, tools, and resources. The girls and boys won’t get any toys until all the tests are passing. 2 Dec 2019 Making a Better Custom Select Element Julie Grundy Julie Grundy kicks off this, our fifteenth year, by diving headlong into the snowy issue of customising form inputs. Nothing makes a more special gift at Christmas that something you’ve designed and customised yourself. But can it be done while staying accessible to every user? 1 Dec 2019 Grab our RSS feed Follow us on Twitter Contribute on GitHub © 2005-2024 24 ways and our authors