WCCO | CBS Minnesota - Breaking News, NEXT Weather, and Community Journalism, Minneapolis-St. Paul Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Minnesota Breaking Local News, NEXT Weather & Community Journalism facebook youtube twitter instagram News All News Twin Cities News Greater Minnesota News Wisconsin News WCCO Investigates Community Journalism Politics Crime Health Consumer Good Question Finding Minnesota CBS+ Weather NEXT Weather Live Radar Closings & Delays Weather Watcher Network Sports Latest Sports CBS Sports HQ Vikings Twins Timberwolves Lynx Wild United FC Aurora FC Gophers High School Sports Rally Video WCCO Shows & Specials Good Question Finding Minnesota WCCO Investigates Black History Month Talking Points The Uplift State of Water Savor Asia State Fair Home for the Holidays Station Info WCCO-TV News Team Links & Numbers Contests & Promotions Galleries WCCO-TV Jobs Download WCCO's App Advertise CBS News Live CBS News Minnesota: Local News, Weather & More Dec 12, 2019 CBS News Minnesota CBS News Live Latest News More New owner finds dozens of abandoned cats in foreclosed Coon Rapids home Police are working with Animal Humane Society investigators and said criminal charges are possible. 7H ago Minnesota House approves bill clarifying use of force rules for school resource officers following controversy The Minnesota House with broad bipartisan support on Monday approved a bill clarifying use-of-force standards for school resource officers. 7H ago What's at stake for Republicans, Democrats on Super Tuesday? With President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump rolling to their respective nominations, one question is will voters turn out? Mar 3 Families feeling some relief after AG works to collect funds for those who paid for, but never got swimming pools Charles Workman pleaded not guilty​ when criminally charged with wire fraud​ in federal court following a WCCO investigation. 7H ago Waseca grass fire contained after burning nearly 2,000 acres, injuring 2 firefighters and 1 resident Nearly a dozen homes were evacuated just as a precaution, but none were damaged or destroyed. 10H ago Settlement in Wisconsin fake elector case offers new details on the strategy by Trump lawyers Two attorneys for then-President Donald Trump orchestrated a plan for fake electors to file paperwork falsely saying he won Wisconsin in a strategy to overturn Joe Biden's 2020 victory there. 7H ago Evers signs Republican-authored bill to expand Wisconsin child care tax credit Democratic Gov. Tony Evers has signed a Republican-authored bill that expands Wisconsin's child care tax credit. 7H ago Rudy Gobert and Michael Conley power Timberwolves past Trail Blazers 119-114 Rudy Gobert had 25 points and 16 rebounds for his 43rd double-double of the season, Michael Conley added 19 points and seven assists, and the Minnesota Timberwolves completed a four-game season sweep of Portland, beating the Trail Blazers 119-114. 7H ago Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 11H ago More Local News Meet our team Submit your pics and vids Super Tuesday: News & Resources Have an investigative tip? NEXT Weather NEXT Weather: Cooldown drops temps to 40s Monday; above average highs all week Monday's going to be much cooler than Sunday, but highs will still be above average. 7H ago Invasive species already targeting Minnesota trees amid warm weather Minnesota's warm winter has hurt the fight to control invasive species​ that attack trees and plants. Common invasive insects we see each year cannot survive typical Minnesota winters. 13H ago St. Paul driving range opens a month early due to unusually warm temps Highland National Golf Course management opened the driving range to the public nearly a month ahead of schedule. Mar 3 NWS issues red flag warning for much of southern Minnesota A large portion of southern Minnesota is under a red flag warning Sunday due to "extreme fire risk conditions," officials said. Mar 3 Meet the WCCO NEXT Weather team WCCO's NEXT Weather team are always looking for what's next in Minnesota's rapidly-changing weather environments. Jun 1, 2022 Current Conditions More Weather Live Radars NEXT Weather Tower NEXT Drive TV Schedule View All Programs Our Newsletter Latest Videos More Latest Videos Protests at Edina School Board meeting over suspension of Palestinian students The protests stemmed from two students in Edina who were suspended for chanting “From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free.” 14M ago 00:45 Protests at Edina School Board meeting over suspension of Palestinian students Where things stand for Biden, Trump on Super Tuesday Voters in more than a dozen states and one territory are heading to the polls. 16M ago 02:47 NEXT Weather: 10 p.m. report on March 4, 2024 WCCO meteorologist Chris Shaffer says we will warm a bit this week but there won't be any large spikes of heat. 7H ago 03:23 AG works to collect funds for those scammed out of thousands Charles Workman pleaded not guilty when criminally charged with wire fraud in federal court following a WCCO investigation. As part of a civil case, Workman was ordered to pay more than a million dollars in restitution. That money has yet to come, but Senior Investigative Reporter Jennifer Mayerle shares how some families are getting relief. 7H ago 02:45 What if you don't like either candidate for Super Tuesday? Many voters have likely found themselves in this quandary: A desire to head to the ballot box, but a dislike for the candidates. Ahead of Super Tuesday, Andrea from Sauk Centre wants to know, how should you vote if you don't like the candidates, or is it better to simply not vote? Good Question. Jeff Wagner explains the options. 7H ago 02:51 More Latest Videos Sports News More Rudy Gobert and Michael Conley power Timberwolves past Trail Blazers 119-114 Rudy Gobert had 25 points and 16 rebounds for his 43rd double-double of the season, Michael Conley added 19 points and seven assists, and the Minnesota Timberwolves completed a four-game season sweep of Portland, beating the Trail Blazers 119-114. 7H ago St. Croix Lutheran Academy's Laura Hauge breaks Minnesota high school 3-point shooting record Laura Hauge scored her 459th three-pointer, surpassing the Minnesota State High School Record of 458 held by Miss Basketball 2012, Marissa Janning of Watertown-Mayer. 10H ago Caitlin Clark says it's "hard to wrap her head around" being called NCAA Div. I top scorer Caitlin Clark broke three major college basketball scoring records in less than three weeks. 21H ago Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at the NovaCare Complex. 2H ago Kaprizov's hat trick gives Wild 4-3 win over Sharks to stop 3-game skid Kirill Kaprizov posted his second hat trick in less than two weeks by scoring the go-ahead goal with 3:59 left to lift the Minnesota Wild past the San Jose Sharks 4-3. Mar 3 More Sports News Good Question More How should you vote if you don't like the candidates? Dedication to duty is a trait of the North Star State with Minnesota regularly ranked number one overall in the country for voter turnout.​ 7H ago Good Question: With added service charges, when should customers tip at restaurants? Going out to eat is getting a bit awkward in the Twin Cities. A growing number of restaurants are adding additional charges to bills, making it hard to determine when and when not to tip. Feb 29 Why do we cough when we get food stuck in our lungs? Talking while eating isn't just poor manners. It can lead to a quick fit of coughing chaos if you're not careful. That person in distress might then say, "Wrong pipe!" Feb 27 Good Question: Why do police ask, "Do you know why I pulled you over?" An all-too-common question asked during traffic stops won't be heard again in California. The state banned officers from asking drivers, "Do you know why I pulled you over?" So, why does law enforcement ask that question to begin with? And what's the best way to respond? Good Question. Feb 26 What is the point of Leap Day? We know that there are 365 days in the year, but this year there will be 366. So why do we get that bonus day? Good Question. Feb 22 See More Good Question Stories Community Journalism More What should happen to former Lake Street Kmart location? Minneapolis wants your input. When the old Kmart opened decades ago, it closed the block of Nicollet from 29th to Lake Street. The city now admits that the move in the 1970s created a barrier that affected the south Minneapolis community. 12H ago Metro Transit ridership grows in 2023, but officials say they need help to continue the trend Metro Transit says they saw a growth in ridership throughout 2023, but they need help to keep that trend going. Mar 3 Chanhassen brewery partners with Feed My Starving Children to help feed hungry The Twin Cities-based nonprofit has been around since 1987, and the meals get boxed up and sent to more than 70 countries around the world. Mar 1 Wounded sergeant speaks at funeral for 3 fallen Burnsville first responders: "Rest easy, brothers" A Burnsville police sergeant wounded in the same shooting that killed three first responders paid tribute to the men at their public memorial Wednesday​. Feb 28 Sub shop to feed police officers, firefighters at Wednesday's memorial for fallen Burnsville responders Sitzmann owns Firehouse Subs in Richfield, and along with her teammates, are prepping 1,500 free meals for the police officers and firefighters attending Wednesday's funeral for Paul Elmstrand, Matthew Ruge and Adam Finseth. Feb 29 "Dreaming Our Futures" exhibit at University of Minnesota showcases Indigenous artists A vibrant and provocative art show is currently showing on the University of Minnesota campus in the Twin Cities. Feb 27 DNR warns of ice ridges and other dangers out on the lakes The ice fishing season is coming to an end, but for anyone who still wants to get one last day, be wary of dangers. Feb 24 Two years on and Minnesotans are still standing with those in Ukraine Saturday marks two years since Russia launched a full-scale invasion in Ukraine. Thousands of miles away here in Minneapolis, hundreds of people gathered at the Ukrainian American Community Center to show support. Feb 24 More Latest Galleries More Gallery: Aftermath of large Waseca County wildfire State fire officials say a grass fire near Waseca is contained Monday morning after burning more than 1,000 acres. 16H ago 18 photos Photos: Burnsville first responders honored at memorial The three Burnsville first responders who were killed in a shooting earlier this month were honored in a large public memorial on Wednesday. Feb 28 33 photos Notable Deaths in 2024 A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity. Mar 1 10 photos Super Bowl LVIII The SF 49ers faced off against the Kansas City Chiefts in Super Bowl LVIII. Here are some of the top shots. Feb 11 23 photos More Photo Galleries Download our app Download our weather app Finding Minnesota Contact Us Twin Cities News More Twin Cities News Families feeling some relief after AG works to collect funds for those who paid for, but never got swimming pools Charles Workman pleaded not guilty​ when criminally charged with wire fraud​ in federal court following a WCCO investigation. 7H ago Brooklyn Park Police Department creating first-of-its-kind unit focusing on juvenile crime The Violence Intervention Unit will help connect known youth offenders to resources like mental health services, sports programs or food. 7H ago Brooklyn Park police ask for help locating 13-year-old girl with autism The Brooklyn Park Police Department says the girl, named Maranda, was last seen on the 7500 block of Kentucky Avenue North. 7H ago At 81, there's no slowing down for Sharing and Caring Hands' Mary Jo Copeland WCCO's Marielle Mohs sits down with the driving force behind Sharing & Caring Hands and Mary's Place in Minneapolis. 12H ago Burnsville police searching for 85-year-old man living with dementia The Burnsville Police Department says Jack Kilby was last seen leaving his residence in Burnsville around 11 a.m. 12H ago More Twin Cities News Greater Minnesota News More Greater Minnesota News Families feeling some relief after AG works to collect funds for those who paid for, but never got swimming pools Charles Workman pleaded not guilty​ when criminally charged with wire fraud​ in federal court following a WCCO investigation. 7H ago Invasive species already targeting Minnesota trees amid warm weather Minnesota's warm winter has hurt the fight to control invasive species​ that attack trees and plants. Common invasive insects we see each year cannot survive typical Minnesota winters. 13H ago Gallery: Aftermath of large Waseca County wildfire State fire officials say a grass fire near Waseca is contained Monday morning after burning more than 1,000 acres. 16H ago 18 photos Where is your polling place for the 2024 Minnesota primary? How to know where to vote tomorrow The 2024 Minnesota primary takes place on Super Tuesday, and if you're wondering where to vote, here's how to find the location of your polling place. 19H ago Cloquet motel shooter was likely high on meth, did not know victims, police say The man who fatally shot two people at a motel in Cloquet in January​ may have been high on methamphetamine and did not know his victims, according to police. 9H ago More Greater Minnesota News Wisconsin News More Wisconsin News Settlement in Wisconsin fake elector case offers new details on the strategy by Trump lawyers Two attorneys for then-President Donald Trump orchestrated a plan for fake electors to file paperwork falsely saying he won Wisconsin in a strategy to overturn Joe Biden's 2020 victory there. 7H ago Evers signs Republican-authored bill to expand Wisconsin child care tax credit Democratic Gov. Tony Evers has signed a Republican-authored bill that expands Wisconsin's child care tax credit. 7H ago Harris will tout apprenticeships in a swing state visit to Wisconsin Vice President Kamala Harris plans to return to the swing state of Wisconsin next week for an event touting worker apprenticeship programs. Feb 29 Shirtless US Senate candidate submerges himself in Wisconsin lake, issues challenge to opponent A shirtless candidate for U.S. Senate broke through the ice of a Madison lake hoping to pour cold water on any notion that he's a soft Californian, not a hardy Wisconsinite. Feb 29 Man with 5 kids in the car arrested for DUI in Wisconsin Authorities in western Wisconsin say a man arrested for driving under the influence Thursday afternoon had five children in the car with him at the time. Feb 29 More Wisconsin News Politics More Politics Politics Where things stand for Biden, Trump on Super Tuesday Voters in more than a dozen states and one territory are heading to the polls. 16M ago 02:47 Settlement in Wisconsin fake elector case offers new details on the strategy by Trump lawyers Two attorneys for then-President Donald Trump orchestrated a plan for fake electors to file paperwork falsely saying he won Wisconsin in a strategy to overturn Joe Biden's 2020 victory there. 7H ago Evers signs Republican-authored bill to expand Wisconsin child care tax credit Democratic Gov. Tony Evers has signed a Republican-authored bill that expands Wisconsin's child care tax credit. 7H ago How should you vote if you don't like the candidates? Dedication to duty is a trait of the North Star State with Minnesota regularly ranked number one overall in the country for voter turnout.​ 7H ago Donald Trump wins North Dakota caucuses, CBS News projects The win comes one day after Nikki Haley won the Washington, D.C., Republican presidential primary, her first victory in 2024. 8H ago More Political News Consumer News More Consumer News Lyft says it will stop operating in Minneapolis on April 1 if ordinance passes, urges drivers and riders to sign petition The rideshare company Lyft says it will be forced to stop operating in Minneapolis on April 1 if a minimum wage ordinance passes. 14H ago Minneapolis City Council to consider rideshare minimum wage ordinance Tuesday The future of your next rideshare in Minneapolis could be determined on Tuesday. Feb 27 EPA approves year-round sales of higher ethanol blend in Minnesota, Wisconsin Drivers in eight Midwestern states will be able to fuel up with a higher blend of ethanol throughout the year under a ruled finalized by the Environmental Protection Agency. Feb 22 Want to own a piece of Minnesota State Fair history? A memorabilia auction is now open A colossal collection of Minnesota State Fair memorabilia is now up for auction. Feb 20 Lithium-ion batteries to blame for 5 Woodbury house fires in past 4 months Lithium-ion batteries are what's in your laptop, headphones, and most of the devices that need to be recharged. They have special cords for the wall and your device. If you use the wrong ones, that's a problem that can have devastating consequences. Feb 16 More in Consumer News Crime News More Crime News Families feeling some relief after AG works to collect funds for those who paid for, but never got swimming pools Charles Workman pleaded not guilty​ when criminally charged with wire fraud​ in federal court following a WCCO investigation. 7H ago Brooklyn Park Police Department creating first-of-its-kind unit focusing on juvenile crime The Violence Intervention Unit will help connect known youth offenders to resources like mental health services, sports programs or food. 7H ago Cloquet motel shooter was likely high on meth, did not know victims, police say The man who fatally shot two people at a motel in Cloquet in January​ may have been high on methamphetamine and did not know his victims, according to police. 9H ago Chaska family mourning loss of teenager shot and killed in Chicago Chicago police said a gunman opened fire at a northside park one week ago Sunday. Four people were hit. Keyo'nce Gladney, a 19-year-old from Chaska, died from her injuries. Mar 3 Police respond to separate firearms incidents at 2 Minneapolis bars early Sunday No one was shot at either bar, but police arrested one man and recovered multiple guns. Mar 3 More Crime News Health News More Health News Chick-fil-A tells customers to throw out a popular dipping sauce The Atlanta-based fast-food chain is cautioning patrons about a mislabeled sauce, saying it could contain wheat and soy allergens. 14H ago What we know about the uptick in measles cases in the U.S. Michigan is the latest state to see a case of measles, according to the CDC's tally. Mar 1 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 14H ago Bystanders became lifesavers at MSP Airport by saving a man suffering cardiac arrest On Thursday morning, three Minnesotans were recognized for their brave actions to help save a man's life when he went into a cardiac arrest. Feb 29 Despite historic 3M PFAS payout, Minnesota communities need millions more for cleanup "I don't want to be the bearer of bad news, but it is bad news that there just isn't enough dollars available from manufacturers of these compounds to cover the need that we now have as a society to deal with the PFAS problem that exists," said Special Assistant Attorney General Peter Surdo. Feb 29 More Health News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Death of Jon Stewart's dog spurs flood of donations to animal shelter The Daily Show host's tearful eulogy to his three-legged dog, Dipper, prompts jump in contributions to Animal Haven a no-kill shelter in New York City. 15H ago Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, Morris Day and the Time highlight Taste of Minnesota music lineup Some local music legends will headline this year's Taste of Minnesota, festival organizers announced Thursday. Feb 29 Richard Lewis, comedian and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" star, dies at 76 Richard Lewis, the actor and comedian known for his long-running stand-up career and recurring role in the hit HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm," is dead at 76. Feb 29 Ryan Gosling performing "I'm Just Ken" from "Barbie" at Oscars Ryan Gosling, who's up for an acting award at the Oscars, will be performing at the 2024 Academy Awards. Feb 28 More Entertainment News ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information WCCO News Sports Weather Contests Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for WCCO-TV Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On