University of Mary Washington » University of Mary Washington Skip to main content University of Mary Washington Request Info Apply Visit Search Search Site Faculty/Staff Open Navigation Menu Menu Close Navigation Menu Admissions Back Admissions First Year Transfer to UMW Graduate Admissions Continuing and Professional Studies Visit UMW Academics Back Academics Majors, Minors and Programs Library & Academic Resources Study Abroad Beyond the Classroom Tuition & Aid Back Tuition & Aid Financial Aid Types of Aid Tuition & Costs Life at UMW Back Life at UMW Arts and Culture Residence Life Campus Dining Clubs & Organizations Health & Wellness Police & Public Safety Career & Professional Development Commencement Athletics Back Athletics UMW Eagles Campus Recreation About UMW Back About UMW Our Mission Our Principles & Values: ASPIRE Our History Diversity & Inclusion Leadership Maps & Directions Quick access Email Directory Calendar I am a… UMW Student Faculty & Staff Parent & Family Alumni Request Info Apply Visit Discover what matters to you. At the University of Mary Washington, we’re committed to a college experience that focuses on what matters most. For us, that means helping students find what drives them – and making sure they ask the big questions, seek answers, and use what they learn to make things better for everyone. Sound like the kind of place where you’d like to learn? Join us. Apply Visit Request Info University of Mary Washington What Do They Say About Us? One of America’s best colleges – U.S. News and World Report 100% of classes taught by professors One of the best and most interesting colleges– Fiske Guide to Colleges A top producer of U.S. Fulbright Scholars Our Voices “In a world full of uncertainty and instability, UMW has been our constant, something that has always been and will continue to be there for us when we need it.” Kathryn N. WarlickClass of 2022Next Our Voices Our Voices “I was impressed with how engaged UMW was and how students seemed like they really wanted to be here.” Emily RothsteinClass of 2018Next Our Voices Our Voices “I realized my four years at Mary Wash shaped my entire worldview. I wouldn’t be the person I am today without Mary Washington.” Barb StuckeyClass of 1965Next Our Voices University News See All News Read more about the people who make this place. See All News Featured March 5, 2024 UMW to Test Emergency Notification System During March 7 Statewide Tornado Drill March 5, 2024Seventh Annual Mary Wash Day Brings #TogetherUMW, April 4 March 4, 2024Countdown to UMW’s Spring Career and Internship Fair, March 21 February 27, 2024Students to Code Robots at Annual High School Innovation Challenge @ Dahlgren Want to dig deeper? Go exploring. Life at UMW Discover what it means to be part of our campus community. Areas of Study 90+ majors and minors to choose from. Find your fit. Virtual Tour Take in the sights from your sofa. The virtual tour brings Mary Wash to you. Mary Wash Events See All Events Get in on the action. See All Events Featured March 13 FAFSA and Financial Aid Process Webinar March 5$2 Tuesday March 5WPI, Mary Washington March 5WPI, Mary Washington What Do They Say About Us? One of America’s best colleges – U.S. News and World Report 100% of classes taught by professors One of the best and most interesting colleges– Fiske Guide to Colleges A top producer of U.S. Fulbright Scholars Our Voices “In a world full of uncertainty and instability, UMW has been our constant, something that has always been and will continue to be there for us when we need it.” Kathryn N. WarlickClass of 2022Next Our Voices Our Voices “I was impressed with how engaged UMW was and how students seemed like they really wanted to be here.” Emily RothsteinClass of 2018Next Our Voices Our Voices “I realized my four years at Mary Wash shaped my entire worldview. I wouldn’t be the person I am today without Mary Washington.” Barb StuckeyClass of 1965Next Our Voices University News See All News Read more about the people who make this place. See All News Featured March 5, 2024 UMW to Test Emergency Notification System During March 7 Statewide Tornado Drill March 5, 2024Seventh Annual Mary Wash Day Brings #TogetherUMW, April 4 March 4, 2024Countdown to UMW’s Spring Career and Internship Fair, March 21 February 27, 2024Students to Code Robots at Annual High School Innovation Challenge @ Dahlgren Want to dig deeper? Go exploring. Life at UMW Discover what it means to be part of our campus community. Areas of Study 90+ majors and minors to choose from. Find your fit. Virtual Tour Take in the sights from your sofa. The virtual tour brings Mary Wash to you. Mary Wash Events See All Events Get in on the action. See All Events Featured March 13 FAFSA and Financial Aid Process Webinar March 5$2 Tuesday March 5WPI, Mary Washington March 5WPI, Mary Washington University of Mary Washington Find Us Maps & Directions Campuses & Buildings Directory Services Library Jobs at UMW News Events Resources Title IX Non-Discrimination Privacy Disclaimer Hazing Policy Consumer Information University of Mary Washington Connect Social Media Directory Internal Communications University of Mary Washington 1301 College Avenue Fredericksburg, Virginia 22401 © 2015-2023 University of Mary Washington. All rights reserved. Home