Tiffany Harelik | Connecting the Cosmic Dots 0 No products in the cart. Cart Total:$0.00 Astrology Calendar Membership Classes Tulum Astrology Certification Bees Learn Beekeeping Adopt a Hive Psychic Classes Psychic Mediumship Missing Persons Blog Services Shop About Testimonials Hire Tiff to Teach / Speak MEMBER AREA Home Astrology Bees Astrology Membership Calendar Classes Services Blog Shop About Testimonials Hire Tiff to Teach / Speak Support {Member Portal} Welcome to the Hacienda! In the beautiful landscape of the Big Country, where the star-studded nights are as enchanting as the blooming wildflowers, resides a special woman who bridges Heaven and Earth. Meet Tiffany Harelik, an astrologer, beekeeper, and backyard herbalist. And welcome to Hacienda Harelik, her family farm nestled under the expansive Texan sky. Astrology Tiffany’s Medicine Wheel sessions in evolutionary astrology, retreats, and classes support your cosmic advantage. What are the Skies are reflecting to you? Spiritual Development Facebook Group BeekeepingBees are solar powered beings that navigate their world by the Sun, flowers, and dance. From the sound of the hive, to honey, wax, and propolis – every aspect of the apiary is therapeutic. Do you want to adopt a hive? Hacienda Harelik Facebook Group Meet Tiffany Let's Connect Podcast Newsletter Youtube Work with Tiff Hire me to Teach Membership Book a Session Upcoming Classes Demystify Astrology this Spring! Tiffany’s certification and mentorship offers a systematic approach to understanding yourself and others through the lens of astrology. We are meeting on Wednesdays at 5p CST, and two 4-hour Saturday workshops February – May. Learn about the Certification Program Take Astrology One Class at a Time Scrapping Therapy: Fully Switching to Tiffany’s Membership“Today’s session made me feel lighter and more grounded than months of regular therapy. I’m fully invested in the membership. Your work is truly and honestly soul food for me.” Your Work Makes a Huge Difference“I wanted to let you all know how thankful I am to have found you. Your work has helped me in all aspects of my life and has made a huge difference in my perspective and happiness! I am so grateful for you all.” Testimonials Austin, Texas hello@wiseskiescollective.com Terms & Conditions Testimonials Spellbound