Home page – Elfond What we do Sea Forest Wetlands Climate change Species conservation Volunteers Education and awareness Participate Donate How to donate How can a company support ELF? About us About us Collaboration Funding Contact Eesti По-русски Close Menu Eesti English По-русски Search Search Your search did not match any documents We preserve the nature of Estonia We are a non-governmental organisation dedicated to nature conservation. In our work we use the best expert knowledge, innovative solutions, and everyone’s help.Check out the activities Foto: Sven Zacek Foto: Sven Zacek Foto: Sven Zacek Foto: Sven Zacek Foto: Sven Zacek Foto: Laura Oro Foto: Sven Zacek Sea Forest Wetlands Climate change Species protection Everyone's nature conservation Education and awareness Help us protect nature Your support counts – be it a one-time donation, permanent support, or volunteering. Support We protect species and habitats that are native to Estonia. We focus our efforts on where we think help is needed the most – for example, we protect old-growth forests, restore wooded meadows and drained wetlands, rescue migrating frogs from the roads or advocate the positive decisions for biodiversity and climate. Your donation will allow us to do all of this with even greater efficiency. Become a donor Get involved Join us and participate as a conservation volunteer. We offer different ways to do this – for example, you can take part in conservation camps that restore the habitats of species, clean the sea side in the case of oil spill, increase the biodiversity of your garden, and much more. Become a volunteer We work to ensure that nature is cared for and that future generations are left with a liveable environment Our goal is to protect endangered species and their habitats, landscapes and communities that are native to Estonia. We are active primarily in the areas of forest, sea, wetlands, climate change and species protection.Check out the activities Estonian Fund for NatureStaadioni 67, 51008 Tartu, EstoniaTel 7428 443E-post: elf@elfond.ee Our other sitesRestoration of wetlandsClimate changeConservation holidaysFrogs on the road Let’s Do It! collective action dayLooking for cowslips The site uses cookies. View our privacy policy. I Agree