Homepage | IAB UK Skip to main content Main navigation Who we are Back Who we are IAB UK unites the digital advertising industry to champion innovation, set shared standards and make the complex simple by bringing together over 1,200 members from publishers, ad tech providers, agencies and brands. About us Back About us Our story Back Our story Our story Rediscover the Joy of Digital Back Rediscover the Joy of Digital Meet the team Back Meet the team Careers Back Careers Media Centre Back Media Centre Rediscover the Joy of Digital Our work Back Our work Find out more about how we promote industry collaboration between our members to develop standards, best practices, critical research and provide the educational resources businesses need to grow their brands both successfully and sustainably. Gold Standard Back Gold Standard Post-cookie preparation Back Post-cookie preparation Policy & standards Back Policy & standards Transparency Back Transparency Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Back Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Sustainability in digital Back Sustainability in digital Policy Back Policy GDPR Back GDPR Research Back Research Adspend Back Adspend The Digital Dividend Back The Digital Dividend IAB Compass Back IAB Compass Effectiveness Back Effectiveness Attention Back Attention Real Living Back Real Living Powering Up Back Powering Up Direct to Consumer Back Direct to Consumer Born Online All research Back All research Research Resources & tools Back Resources & tools Why digital? Back Why digital? The Evidence Back The Evidence IAB Showcase for Change Back IAB Showcase for Change Perspectives on Trust and Effectiveness Back Perspectives on Trust and Effectiveness Case studies Back Case studies Measurement Toolkit Back Measurement Toolkit Tool for small businesses Back Tool for small businesses Adspend Analyser Back Adspend Analyser Jargon Buster Back Jargon Buster Guide to Digital Innovation Back Guide to Digital Innovation Connected TV Back Connected TV Get into Digital Back Get into Digital Latest updates Back Latest updates News Back News Opinions Back Opinions Industry sectors Back Industry sectors Retail media Back Retail media Digital out-of-home Back Digital out-of-home Audio Back Audio Gaming Back Gaming More sector resources Back More sector resources IAB UK Gold Standard Our members Back Our members Our members are at the heart of everything we do. Discover more about who they are, what they do and how their initiatives, products and solutions can help you. Membership benefits Back Membership benefits Member Vault Back Member Vault IAB Global Network Back IAB Global Network Industry groups Back Industry groups Spill the Tea with The IAB Back Spill the Tea with The IAB Meet our members Back Meet our members Explore the Member Vault Events & training Back Events & training We run a varied programme of events each year to help our members navigate the latest innovations in digital advertising, celebrate the best of our industry and prepare for the future. Can’t make one? IAB UK members can catch up for free. Events Back Events Past events on-demand Back Past events on-demand Training courses Back Training courses Training courses Leadership Summit 2024 Back Leadership Summit 2024 Online training Join the IABLog in Search 0 items Shopping cart Close Go to cart Menu Rediscover the joy of digital advertising Champion connections instead of clicks. Capture audiences' imaginations, not just their attention. Boldly move to your own beat instead of letting tech set the pace. It’s time to rediscover the joy of digital. Find out more Targeting and measurement Preparing for a post-cookie reality What does your business need to do to thrive in a post-cookie world? Our Targeting & Measurement hub is a great place to find out more about alternative strategies and the essential questions to ask potential partners. Being adequately prepared means ensuring you’re informed, testing solutions and feeding back to vendors on what works. Explore the hub and get started today to keep your digital campaigns on-track once third-party cookies are consigned to history. Get Started What we do As the industry body for digital advertising, we are uniquely placed to bring you the latest what’s happening in digital advertising right now, and what’s to come in the future. We bring our members together – including media owners, ad tech, agencies and advertisers - to share best practices, develop guidelines and demonstrate the effectiveness of digital for brands. We work on behalf of all IAB members to ensure that our industry thrives and that advertisers - big and small - can harness the power of digital advertising effectively. GO TO THE LATEST NEWS Latest News Speaker submissions for Engage 2024 open until 18 March We want this year's Engage to celebrate the joy of digital across every sector, channel and pocket of the industry. Speaker submissions are now open Learn more MPs & Peers back IAB pledges supporting smart regulation A cross-party group of MPs and Peers commit to pledges to back smart regulation, support SMEs and local journalism, and maintain an ad-funded internet Learn more IAB Tech Lab releases results of Privacy Sandbox gap analysis IAB Tech Lab has carried out an in-depth gap analysis of Privacy Sandbox, which is developing post cookie, privacy-focused tools for advertisers Learn more Meet our members Our members include advertisers, agencies, ad tech companies and media owners, so you're in the right place to discover the very best of digital advertising. Become a Member View all members IAB Events From celebrating digital innovation to debating key challenges, there are plenty of opportunities for our members to come together at IAB UK events. If you're looking to get ahead of the curve or simply do a bit of networking, check out what’s coming up with on our calendar of events. EXPLORE OUR EVENTS The Gold Standard Having first launched in 2017, the Gold Standard continues to evolve to deliver on its aim of building a sustainable future for the digital advertising industry. The Gold Standard brings together existing industry initiatives to reduce ad fraud, uphold brand safety, improve the digital ad experience, support supply chain transparency, help compliance with the GDPR and ePrivacy law. Find out more More for our members Policy & Standards We engage with policymakers and regulators to monitor and respond to all relevant developments affecting digital advertising. Learn more Member Vault IAB UK members can submit content to the Member Vault, amplifying their voice across the industry and showcasing their work. Learn more The IAB UK Podcast Hosted by IAB UK's CMO James Chandler, The IAB UK Podcast is where to go discover all the latest UK news and views from the world of digital. Learn more Rediscover the joy of digital advertising Champion connections instead of clicks. Capture audiences' imaginations, not just their attention. Boldly move to your own beat instead of letting tech set the pace. It’s time to rediscover the joy of digital. Find out more Footer menu Contact Membership Events Training About Careers FAQs Head Office IAB Headquarters 67-68 Long Acre London WC2E 9JD Contact youtube twitter instagram linkedin tiktok podcast IAB © Copyright IAB All rights Reserved Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Site Map Main navigation Who we are Back Who we are IAB UK unites the digital advertising industry to champion innovation, set shared standards and make the complex simple by bringing together over 1,200 members from publishers, ad tech providers, agencies and brands. About us Back About us Our story Back Our story Our story Rediscover the Joy of Digital Back Rediscover the Joy of Digital Meet the team Back Meet the team Careers Back Careers Media Centre Back Media Centre Rediscover the Joy of Digital Our work Back Our work Find out more about how we promote industry collaboration between our members to develop standards, best practices, critical research and provide the educational resources businesses need to grow their brands both successfully and sustainably. Gold Standard Back Gold Standard Post-cookie preparation Back Post-cookie preparation Policy & standards Back Policy & standards Transparency Back Transparency Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Back Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Sustainability in digital Back Sustainability in digital Policy Back Policy GDPR Back GDPR Research Back Research Adspend Back Adspend The Digital Dividend Back The Digital Dividend IAB Compass Back IAB Compass Effectiveness Back Effectiveness Attention Back Attention Real Living Back Real Living Powering Up Back Powering Up Direct to Consumer Back Direct to Consumer Born Online All research Back All research Research Resources & tools Back Resources & tools Why digital? Back Why digital? The Evidence Back The Evidence IAB Showcase for Change Back IAB Showcase for Change Perspectives on Trust and Effectiveness Back Perspectives on Trust and Effectiveness Case studies Back Case studies Measurement Toolkit Back Measurement Toolkit Tool for small businesses Back Tool for small businesses Adspend Analyser Back Adspend Analyser Jargon Buster Back Jargon Buster Guide to Digital Innovation Back Guide to Digital Innovation Connected TV Back Connected TV Get into Digital Back Get into Digital Latest updates Back Latest updates News Back News Opinions Back Opinions Industry sectors Back Industry sectors Retail media Back Retail media Digital out-of-home Back Digital out-of-home Audio Back Audio Gaming Back Gaming More sector resources Back More sector resources IAB UK Gold Standard Our members Back Our members Our members are at the heart of everything we do. Discover more about who they are, what they do and how their initiatives, products and solutions can help you. Membership benefits Back Membership benefits Member Vault Back Member Vault IAB Global Network Back IAB Global Network Industry groups Back Industry groups Spill the Tea with The IAB Back Spill the Tea with The IAB Meet our members Back Meet our members Explore the Member Vault Events & training Back Events & training We run a varied programme of events each year to help our members navigate the latest innovations in digital advertising, celebrate the best of our industry and prepare for the future. Can’t make one? IAB UK members can catch up for free. Events Back Events Past events on-demand Back Past events on-demand Training courses Back Training courses Training courses Leadership Summit 2024 Back Leadership Summit 2024 Online training Join the IABLog in Close Search Search