Investigations and advocacy for climate justice & civic freedoms Expand menu. Open menu. Close menu. Close expanded menu. Active Campaigns Active Campaigns Digital threats Forests Fossil fuels Holding corporates to account Land & environmental defenders Stop Russian oil Transition minerals View campaign archive Topics Topics COP Climate Summit Explainers Climate action Gas Agribusiness All topics Countries Countries Brazil China Democratic Republic of Congo European Union Republic of Congo Myanmar Papua New Guinea The Philippines United States All countries & regions Tags Tags Investigations Explainers Events Policy briefings View all content types Press releases Press releases View all press releases About About About us Annual reports Financial statements Governance Languages Languages Français 中文 Español English Other Other Jobs at Global Witness Contact us Privacy Notice Donate Donate Donate Search About Campaigns Expand Campaigns menu. Digital threats Forests Fossil fuels Holding corporates to account Land & environmental defenders Stop Russian oil Transition minerals View campaign archive Countries & regions Expand Countries & regions menu. Brazil China Democratic Republic of Congo European Union Republic of Congo Myanmar Papua New Guinea The Philippines United States All countries & regions Press Blog Donate Select language Français 中文 Español English Global Witness Challenging abuses of power to protect human rights and secure the future of our planet Investigations and advocacy to achieve climate justice and safeguard civic freedoms. Find out more about our work Article | February 21, 2024 The Cerrado crisis: Brazil’s deforestation frontline Everyone knows the Amazon is in crisis. But next door another ecological catastrophe is unfolding in the Cerrado savannah, which is being destroyed to feed the world’s appetite for beef. Stay informed Sign up for emails from Global Witness Be the first to find out about our new investigations, expert analysis and campaigns for change. First Name Last Name Email Address You can update your preferences or unsubscribe at any time at using the footer links in our emails or by emailing us at [email protected]. For more information about how Global Witness processes your personal data, please see our privacy notice. Thank you for signing up for emails from Global Witness. We'll be in touch soon. Sorry, there has been an error. Try again later. This form needs javascript to be submited. Please contact us. Tips Share information securely with Global Witness Find out how Top stories Article Fuelling oppression An Emirati-backed oil project is sparking conflict on India's Konkan coast Article Letting hate flourish: YouTube and Koo’s lax response to the reporting of hate speech against women in India and the US A joint investigation by Global Witness and IFF shows that YouTube and microblogging site Koo are failing to act on misogynistic hate speech reported on their platforms in India and the US, endangering women and minoritised groups, and enabling a toxic information ecosystem in a critical election year. Donate Find the facts. Expose the story. Change the system. Help us to carry out more hard-hitting investigations and to shine a light on abuses of power destroying the climate and eroding civic freedoms. Donate now Top stories Campaign Hub Land and environmental defenders: annual report archive Since 2012, we have reported annually on killings of land and environmental defenders around the world. Interactive In numbers: Lethal attacks against defenders since 2012 Explore our full dataset to find out where killings of defenders are occurring, which industries are responsible, and how this violence has changed over time About us Our world is in crisis: climate breakdown, corporations too powerful to hold to account and democracies teetering on the brink. It doesn’t have to be this way.Our goal is a more sustainable, just and equal planet. We want climate-critical forests and biodiversity to thrive and fossil fuels to stay in the ground. We want corporations to respect the planet and human rights, governments to protect and listen to their citizens, and the online world to be free from misinformation and hate. Find out more about our work Active Campaigns Get to know our campaigns Land and environmental defenders Forests Holding corporates to account Digital threats Fossil fuels Transition minerals Stop Russian oil Greenwashing View campaign archive Latest On our blog Blog Post | Mar 04, 2024 Honduras: why urgent action is still needed in one of the deadliest places to defend the planet Blog Post | Feb 21, 2024 What is the Cerrado – and why is it important for our planet? Blog Post | Feb 16, 2024 A decisive year for the EU’s pursuit of transition minerals Blog Post | Jan 24, 2024 Attacks against West Africa’s defenders have been invisible for too long. That’s about to change Blog Post | Dec 18, 2023 Five takeaways from the CSDDD: the EU’s new corporate accountability law Blog Post | Dec 15, 2023 UK turns over a new leaf as government finally acts on deforestation Social Media Follow Global Witness twitter facebook linkedin instagram youtube medium Latest Investigations Article | February 07, 2024 Fuelling oppression Article | January 21, 2024 Russian oil, Ukrainian steel: how two companies owned by one of Britain's richest men trade with both Moscow and Kyiv Article | December 07, 2023 “Female stupidity at its best. They all need to die.”: Violent and sexualised hate speech targeting women approved for publication by social media platforms Long Read | December 04, 2023 Climate of fear Article | November 30, 2023 How Big Tech platforms are neglecting their non-English language users Article | November 14, 2023 Fuel to the fire: EU banks and investors tied to violence in South Sudan Article | November 14, 2023 A rush for Lithium in Africa risks fuelling corruption and failing citizens Article | September 15, 2023 A world of online hate and lies: Mapping our investigations into social media platforms’ failure to tackle hate and disinformation Long Read | October 06, 2023 Annual report 2022: Rising to the challenge of a world in crisis Find out about how we shifted our direction as an organisation towards dismantling the powers of polluters, and defending the power of people Latest explainers Blog Post | February 21, 2024 What is the Cerrado – and why is it important for our planet? Blog Post | November 17, 2023 What is carbon capture and storage? CCS easily explained Blog Post | June 22, 2023 Rainforests explained: where they are, what they do, and why they’re crucial for our planet Blog Post | October 27, 2022 Corporate greenwashing tactics to watch out for at COP Newsletter Sign up for emails from Global Witness Be the first to find out about our new investigations, expert analysis and campaigns for change. First Name Last Name Email Address You can update your preferences or unsubscribe at any time at using the footer links in our emails or by emailing us at [email protected]. For more information about how Global Witness processes your personal data, please see our privacy notice. Thank you for signing up for emails from Global Witness. We'll be in touch soon. Sorry, there has been an error. Try again later. This form needs javascript to be submited. Please contact us. Tips Share information securely with Global Witness Find out how Follow Global Witness twitter facebook linkedin instagram youtube medium Contact us Press releases About us Jobs Support us Privacy Terms of use Cookie Policy Feedback Share information securely with us © Global Witness 2024 (Global Witness is not responsible for the content of external sites)