International Rivers | People, Water, Life Skip to content International Rivers Facebook Twitter Flickr Instagram LinkedIn Donate Now Home About Mission, Vision & Strategy History & Successes Staff & Board Partners & Allies Annual Reports & Financials Jobs Press Center Contact Where We Work Africa Congo Kunene Zambezi Asia Mekong Salween Ganges-Brahmaputra-Meghna Latin America Amazon Patagonia Mesoamerica Andes Issues Human Rights Indigenous Rights Gender Rights Defending the Defenders Elevating Grassroots Power Strengthening the Movement Community Rights Corporate Accountability Hydropower Industry Financiers Freshwater Ecosystems & Biodiversity Ensuring River Basin Connectivity Permanent River Protections Protecting World Heritage Climate Justice Fighting False Solutions Sustainable Alternatives Renewable Energy Resources Reports & Publications Designing Low Carbon Electricity Futures for African and Other Developing Countries (2015) Report | Reckless Endangerment: Assessing Responsibility for the Xe Pian-Xe Namnoy Dam Collapse (2019) State of Knowledge: Women and Rivers in the Mekong Region Transforming Power: a gender guide for organizations campaigning on dams and for rivers. An Introduction to Integrated Resources Planning (2013) List of Dam-Threatened World Heritage Sites Civil Society Guide to Healthy Rivers and Climate Resilience Strategic Environmental Assessment of the Myanmar Hydropower Sector: Discussion Brief (2018) The True Cost of Hydropower in China (2014) Dam Standards: A Rights-Based Approach (2014) Watered Down: How do big hydropower companies adhere to social and environmental policies and best practices? (2019) Capacity Building Tools Dams, Rivers and Rights Fight Back Against Greenwash Factsheets Multimedia River Resource Hub News Take Action Stay Connected Give Donate Make a Monthly Donation Donate via PayPal Events Day of Action for Rivers Search Search for: Search Protecting rivers and defending the rights of the communities that depend on them Take Action Stay Connected Join us for the 27th International Day of Action for Rivers - March 14th! 📣 SAVE THE DATE: Join people worldwide on March 14th for the 27th international #DayofActionforRivers! Register your event DoA2024SignUp 💧 Let’s celebrate our life-sustaining rivers and water! #WaterforAll 🌍 More info //intlrv.rs/DoA Our Rivers, Our Water Future Since 1985, International Rivers has been at the heart of the global movement to ensure river-dependent communities’ voices are heard and their rights are respected. Issues Where We Work Resources Our Approach Rivers are the arteries of the earth, supporting the highest rate of biodiversity compared to any other ecosystem and providing for the livelihoods of millions of local, indigenous and traditional peoples. Rivers are also under extreme threat, with less than 10% of the world’s river basins protected. International Rivers strengthens movements of communities and civil society at the forefront of defending rivers by: Undertaking investigative research to generate robust data and evidence to inform policies and campaigns. Remaining independent and fearless in campaigning to expose and resist destructive projects. Developing a vision that protects rivers and the communities that depend upon them. See how we work › Our Impact 0 Number of community groups, movements, and civil society organizations we have partnered with to provide campaign and advocacy support. 0 Destructive river projects delayed or stopped, resulting in millions of people retaining access to their traditional lands and livelihoods. $ 0 B Funds (USD) channeled away from investment in destructive projects, toward sustainable and just alternatives. Explore Our Priority Areas Latest News Defending the Defenders PRESS RELEASE | Over 100 International Organizations Denounce Belo Sun’s Efforts to Criminalize Brazilian Land Defenders February 16, 2024February 16, 2024 The Canadian mining company Belo Sun is attempting to build the Volta Grande gold mine which, if built, would be the largest open-pit gold mine in Brazil. Instead of responding to legitimate concerns about the environmental and human rights impacts of the project, the company has filed a criminal lawsuit against local community members and… Read More Asia PRESS RELEASE | Vietnamese Climate Defenders Honored in New 1-Minute Video During Tet, the Vietnamese Lunar New Year February 9, 2024February 9, 2024 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: FEBRUARY 9, 2024 #StandwithBach #FreeHong MEDIA CONTACT: maia@ripplestrategies.com www.standwithbach.org Please Share: English Version Here; Vietnamese Version Here Today, in time for Tet, the Vietnamese Lunar New Year which begins on February 10, the Vietnam Climate Defenders Coalition, a group of over 30 international climate justice and human rights organizations, launched this video… Read More See More News Home About Where We Work Issues Resources News Take Action Donate Now International Rivers protects rivers and defends the rights of communities that depend on them. Stay Connected Subscribe to emails and follow International Rivers on social media to get the latest news and actions. International Rivers 344 20th Street Oakland, 94612 USA © Copyright 2024 International Rivers | Privacy Policy Nonprofit Website by Wired Impact Back to Top