News, data and insight about the powerful forces that shape the world. | Observer Search for: Submit Observer Business Finance Tech Media Lifestyle Arts Entertainment Rex Reed Reviews Newsletters Entertainment Movies TV Theater Opera Dance Music Awards Shows Arts Auctions Art Fairs Museums Galleries Artists Collectors Business Finance Media Technology Philanthropy Space Climate Change Lifestyle Restaurants Bars Parties Travel Fashion Gift Guides Power Lists Business of Art Nightlife & Dining PR About Masthead Editorial Ethics and Guidelines Observer Advertising Guidelines Advertise With Us Events Newsletters Arts Paris 2024 Unveils Surprisingly Whimsical Posters for the Olympic and Paralympic Games The posters for the upcoming Games contain around 40,000 hand-drawn figures. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Business In Philanthropy: Julia Koch’s Eight-Figure Gift For a Florida Care Center and More The widow of David Koch is donating $75 million for an ambulatory care center in West Palm Beach. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Business Tech, Media and Finance Moguls Who Attended Anant Ambani’s Pre-Wedding Festivities And why they matter to the Ambani family. By Nhari Djan Arts See All Arts Billionaire Laurene Powell Jobs’ Nonprofit Acquires the San Francisco Art Institute After debt, bankruptcy and an uncertain future, the institution will be given a new life. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Arts Art Trumps Amusement at LA’s ‘Luna Luna: Forgotten Fantasy’ A feat of historic preservation, this artsy amusement park is now only for looking. By Renée Reizman Arts A Rare Rediscovered Banksy Heads to Auction The work was previously hidden behind a layer of black paint. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Arts Inside Jimmy Iovine and Dr. Dre’s Exclusive Art Auction in a Private L.A. Skating Rink The star-studded event sold artwork to benefit a Los Angeles magnet school founded by Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine. By Tiffany Del Valle Arts Is ARTECHOUSE’s ‘World of AI·magination’ the Future of Art? This immersive art experience is full of GAN- and Machine Learning-generated pieces that showcase what can be achieved when man and machine collaborate. By Tiffany Del Valle Lifestyle See All Lifestyle 2024 Genesis Electrified GV70 Review: A Corporate Car for the Modern Era The all-white leather interior was creamy and relaxing; the automotive equivalent of a spa day in a soundproofed room. By Neal Pollack Lifestyle Where to Book a Sunny Spring Getaway on the West Coast From an island off the coast of California to the sandy beaches of Hawaii, a sunny spring break out west is the perfect way to say goodbye to dreary winter weather. By Allie Lebos Lifestyle An Insider’s Guide to Charleston’s Most Luxurious Hotels From quaint boutique hideaways to grand pastel palaces, Charleston’s hotel scene is a blend of old-school charm and new-age glam. By Paul Jebara Lifestyle The Most Creative Cocktails in Los Angeles and Where to Find Them L.A.’s one-of-a-kind cocktail scene thinks outside of the box. By Allie Lebos Lifestyle A Guide to New York’s Most Exclusive New Private Clubs These are New York City’s newest and most exclusive members-only social clubs. By Nicolette Cavallaro Business See All Business Has The A.I. Hype Driven ‘Magnificent Seven’ Stocks Beyond The 90’s Tech Bubble? Some economists have noticed today’s top 10 companies by market cap are more overvalued than those during the tech bubble of the mid-1990s. By Shreyas Sinha Business YouTube Shorts’ Head of Creator Community Deciphers the Influencer Economy In an interview with Observer, YouTube Shorts’ global head of creator community Tiffany Matloob reveals how she works with creators on the video platform. By Nhari Djan Business Disney’s Grandchildren Compare Nelson Peltz to a Disney Villain in Proxy Flight “Disney stories are filled with heroes and villains. We know who the villains are in this story.” By Nhari Djan Business Who Is Bertie Buffett, Warren Buffett’s Sister Mentioned 20 Times In His Annual Letter? Warren Buffett said Bertie is a “perfect mental model” when visualizing a Berkshire Hathaway shareholder. By Shreyas Sinha Business Paramount CEO Bob Bakish Clarifies On Paramount+ Streaming Bundle Talks “We’re big believers in bundling. It is one of the tried and true methods of value creation in media.” By Nhari Djan Power Lists See All Arts The Digital Innovators Reshaping the Art World What constitutes mainstream art is changing before our eyes, thanks to art world pioneers creating, collecting, sharing and selling a growing body of works that exist on the Blockchain. There are thousands of talented women and men creating amazing art in this space working alongside dedicated collectors and platform givers to increase the visibility of and demand for generative pieces, NFTs and other digital works. Our Digital Innovators Power List celebrates ten influential operators whose high-profile contributions in this space are changing the narrative—and the flow of capital—around digital art. By Dan Duray, Farah Abdessamad, and The Editors Arts The Authorities Transforming Art as an Asset Class By some estimates, the world’s private art collections are worth between $2 and $3 trillion, but the role of art in investment portfolios has tended to be ambiguous. As more collectors focus on financial gains, prominent innovators in and outside of finance are creating clarity and transforming art’s place in the modern portfolio. By Dan Duray, Noah Powelson, Sissi Cao, Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly, and Christa Terry Arts The Most Influential People in the Art World Today The women and men on Observer’s 2023 Business of Art Power List have their fingers on the pulse of the art market, and they’re unflinchingly optimistic. In the face of market contraction, ongoing uncertainty about the role of major cultural institutions and everything else that’s happening in the art world, these power players find inspiration in everything from art’s philanthropic potential and growing reach to the rapidly changing narratives around what art is and who it’s for. In short, they’re the people wielding outsized influence on art’s present and its future. By Dan Duray, Farah Abdessamad, Christa Terry, and The Editors Entertainment See All Entertainment Review: It All Comes Out in the Wash at John Patrick Shanley’s ‘Brooklyn Laundry ‘ The veteran playwright-director tosses together two soiled souls—played by Cecily Strong and David Zayas—adds softener, and gives ’em a whirl. By David Cote Entertainment The Met Ends Its Winter Hiatus With Two Delightful Italian Masterpieces The updated ‘La Forza del Destino’ and opulent ‘Turandot’ are on through March 29 and June 7, respectively. By Christopher Corwin Entertainment Where to Stream ‘Poor Things,’ ‘Napoleon,’ And Other Oscar Nominees From small and artistic films like ‘Poor Things’ and ‘Past Lives’ to big blockbusters like ‘Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning’, here’s where to watch the rest of this year’s Oscar nominees. By Laura Babiak Marketplace See All Sponsored 7 Best CBG Oils to Buy in 2024: What Is CBG and CBG Reviews To choose the best CBG oils, we evaluated each brand’s authority within the hemp market, how their products compared in blind testing, and the thoroughness of each product’s lab reports. By Observer Content Studio Sponsored 10 Best CBD Oils of 2024: Top CBD Brands Reviewed After carefully reviewing and testing dozens of the top CBD brands, we’ve compiled a list of the 10 best CBD oils to buy in 2024. By Observer Content Studio Sponsored 10 Best CBD Companies to Buy From in 2024: Honest Reviews & Guide With an even mix of new challengers and returning champions on our list, let’s look at the best CBD brands for 2024—and beyond By Observer Content Studio Sponsored 10 Best CBD Gummies for Pain & Inflammation to Buy in 2024 After a comprehensive review of many leading brands for best CBD gummies for pain, Colorado Botanicals earned the top position among the other nine companies that caught our attention. By Observer Content Studio Sponsored Best CBD Oils for Anxiety: Top 5 CBD Tinctures To Alleviate Anxiety Need to find a CBD oil for anxiety? Check out this article to discover the 5 top CBD oil brands to help you manage anxiety, reduce stress, and more! By Observer Content Studio Never miss a big story with our newsletters See all of our newsletters Intelligence Report Make sense of power as our journalists guide you through the most important trends in business. Arts & Culture The week’s cultural highlights sent to you in a curated email each weekend. What to Watch Observer’s critics break down what you should watch on streaming and in theaters each week. Fashion & Lifestyle Shop like an Observer editor from the comfort of your inbox. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! By clicking submit, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge we may use your information to send you emails, product samples, and promotions on this website and other properties. You can opt out anytime. Latest All Latest Entertainment What’s Leaving Streaming This Month: March 2024 From ‘Dunkirk’ and ‘Pride & Prejudice’ to ‘Community’ and ‘Wonder Woman’, you have a lot to stream while you still can. By Laura Babiak Entertainment Spring Preview: Myth, Ancient History, And Burt Bacharach Inspire Dance and Opera From dance pieces choreographed to the songs of Sufjan Stevens and Burt Bacharach to operas inspired by climate change and Grecian ruins. By David Cote Entertainment What to Watch on Streaming This Week: March 1-7 With marquee names like Adam Sandler, Kate Winslet, Joaquin Phoenix, and Emma Stone, there are plenty of big movies and shows to watch and enjoy this week. By Laura Babiak Entertainment The 2024 Oscar Race: 96th Academy Awards Predictions and Analysis From the expected winners to a few potential upsets, you can find your final awards season analysis here. By Laura Babiak Business Netflix Hires ‘The Last Airbender’ Producer Dan Lin As Film Chief, Replacing Scott Stuber Netflix said it was drawn to Lin’s “ability to bring in exceptional filmmakers.” By Nhari Djan Arts Art Accessibility Is Behind Perrotin Gallery’s New Partnership With eBay “Art is for everyone!” says gallery founder Emmanuel Perrotin. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Business 6 Space Missions to Watch in March 2024: SpaceX, Rocket Lab and More The March lineup includes two crewed ISS missions and two Rocket Lab launches. By Samuel O'Brient Lifestyle Where to Stay in Jackson Hole for the Most Lavish Getaway These are the top spots to book for your next trip to the Wyoming ski town. By Morgan Halberg Arts Beyond Frieze: An Insider’s Guide to What’s On in the Los Angeles Art Scene This city has firmly staked its position as an art destination, with headline-grabbing exhibitions, revered fairs and a coordinated push to highlight diverse talent. By Cynthia Greenwald Business Disney Forms Joint Venture With Asia’s Richest Man And Appoints His Wife as Chair Mukesh Ambani’s wife, Nita Ambani, is set to be head of India’s largest media company. By Nhari Djan Arts A Rare Portrait of Lucian Freud’s Stepson Hits the Auction Block The painting has been in the same private collection for nearly 30 years. By Alexandra Tremayne-Pengelly Lifestyle Lexus RZ 450E Auto Review: ‘A Bland Middle Ground’ This is a compliance car, hastily designed, and it shows. By Neal Pollack Entertainment Spring Theater Preview: Navigating a Flood of Shows on Broadway and Off Between now and the end of April a whopping 18 plays and musicals will open on the Great White Way. Here’s the best of what’s coming, both on and Off Broadway. By David Cote Arts One Fine Show: “Eluding Capture” at MASS MoCA This ambitious exhibition seeks to teach a great deal without becoming didactic. By Dan Duray Entertainment ‘Elsbeth’ Review: Catching Criminals The Cute, Colorful Way! This series from Robert and Michelle King extends the universe of ‘The Good Wife’ and ‘The Good Fight,’ but with none of the moral and emotional complexity. By Dylan Roth Lifestyle Lee Radziwill’s Most Iconic Style Moments From Truman Capote’s legendary Black and White Ball to Met Galas and ballet premieres. By Marissa DeSantis Entertainment Review: Unwinnable Wars Lead to Impossible Debates in ‘The Ally’ Page-filling blocks of strong words are unfurled in this campus drama, as playwright Itamar Moses articulates—passionately and eloquently—each side of weighty issues of the moment, from Israel and antisemitism to colonialist violence and structural racism. By David Cote Entertainment The Best Winter Books for Hardcore Chionophiles If you love winter storms and snow-capped mountains, add these to your must-read pile. By Brigid Flanagan What to Watch on Streaming See All Entertainment What to Watch on Streaming This Week: February 23-29 From acclaimed films to massive new shows, this is a week with plenty to watch. By Laura Babiak Entertainment What to Watch on Streaming This Week: February 16-22 From exciting adaptations to one of 2023’s biggest and best movies, there’s so much worth streaming this week. By Laura Babiak Entertainment Where to Watch 2024’s Oscar-Nominated Films (Part 1) Heavy hitters like ‘Oppenheimer’, ‘Killers of the Flower Moon’ and ‘Barbie’ all have a home on streaming, so be sure to binge them before the big night. By Laura Babiak Reviews See All Entertainment ‘The Regime’ Review: Kate Winslet Wows in HBO’s New Political Satire A hilarious performance from Kate Winslet is the main reason to tune in to HBO’s newest miniseries. By Laura Babiak Entertainment ‘Avatar: The Last Airbender’ Review: Live-Action Adaptation Is Just OK Netflix’s reimagined version of the beloved animated series is fine, nothing more and nothing less. By Laura Babiak Entertainment Review: Second Stage Theatre’s ‘The Apiary’: Stinging or Sweet As Honey? Set 22 years from now — as climate change has doomed the bees and thus humanity — this high-concept play mixes sci-fi with black comedy. By David Cote MORE Contact About Advertise Advertising Guidelines Editorial Ethics Sitemap Newsletters RSS Feeds Privacy Terms Cookie Settings Do not sell my data Powered by WordPress VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus on Google Chrome: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. For Adblock Plus on Firefox: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Disable on Observer.com. Then Reload the Page