ChurchLeaders | Resourcing, Informing, and Connecting Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Youtube News Pastors Senior/Lead Pastors Admin/Exec Pastors Outreach Leaders Ministry Children’s Ministry Youth Ministry Women’s Ministry Tech Ministry Small Groups Wellness Worship Podcasts Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast ChurchLeaders Podcast Network Voices Ed Stetzer The Exchange Search Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Youtube Store | Subscribe Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. ChurchLeaders News Pastors Senior/Lead Pastors Admin/Exec Pastors Outreach Leaders Ministry Children’s Ministry Youth Ministry Women’s Ministry Tech Ministry Small Groups Wellness Worship Podcasts Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast ChurchLeaders Podcast Network Voices Ed Stetzer The Exchange Latest News SBC Pastor Accused of Drugging and Molesting 15-Year-Old Girl In Guatemala, Public Schools Turn to Bible Study To Boost Reading and Resist Gang Culture Christian Nightclub That Bans Twerking Encourages Gen Z To ‘Ditch the Isolation’ and ‘Build Some Real Connections’ Officer Prayed for Boy Shot at Joel Osteen’s Lakewood Church, Bodycam Footage Reveals For KING + COUNTRY Leads Worship at Greg Laurie’s Church, Screens ‘Unsung Hero’ Movie Will We Ever Disagree in Heaven? Randy Alcorn - March 5, 2024 The Work of Satan in the Church How To Summarize the Gospel in 2 Words Children’s Ministry Quotes: 20 Thoughts to Share With Volunteers 7 Leadership Bottlenecks To Avoid Voices with Ed Stetzer Next Generation Evangelism: 3 Approaches and a Way Forward Ed Stetzer - February 28, 2024 Life Still Matters From Womb to Tomb Ed Stetzer - February 19, 2024 Church Journeys: Calvary Church Santa Ana: A Missions-Focused Church Ed Stetzer - February 16, 2024 Thy Virtual Kingdom Come: Redeeming the Realm Behind the Screen R. York Moore - February 12, 2024 Latest News Christian News SBC Pastor Accused of Drugging and Molesting 15-Year-Old Girl Dale Chamberlain - March 5, 2024 A Florida pastor was arrested on Monday, March 4, after being accused of giving a teen girl alcohol and then sexually assaulting her after she fell unconscious. Monte Lavelle Chitty, 62, had been serving as pastor at First Baptist Church in Marathon. In Guatemala, Public Schools Turn to Bible Study To Boost Reading... Christian News March 5, 2024 Christian Nightclub That Bans Twerking Encourages Gen Z To ‘Ditch the... Christian News March 4, 2024 Officer Prayed for Boy Shot at Joel Osteen’s Lakewood Church, Bodycam... Christian News March 4, 2024 For KING + COUNTRY Leads Worship at Greg Laurie’s Church, Screens... Christian News March 4, 2024 Latest Articles Articles for Pastors The Work of Satan in the Church Ministry Tech Leaders Strategic Data Protection – 3 Strategies Articles for Youth Leaders God’s Word Matters: 3 Reasons Why Teens Need to Read the... Articles for Children's Ministry Leaders Children’s Ministry Quotes: 20 Thoughts to Share With Volunteers Articles for Pastors What Does the Bible Say About Cheating? Articles for Pastors The Biblical Metaphor of Separating Wheat and Chaff Articles for Pastors What Does the Bible Say About Jealousy? Articles for Pastors Behind the Mysteries of Revelation 9 Articles for Pastors Forgive Others: The Bible Path to Healing and Peace Articles for Pastors Facts About the Bible: A Guide for Beginners Articles for Pastors The Differences Between Complementarian and Egalitarian Views Articles for Pastors The Deconstructed Christian: Navigating Faith and Doubt 855,266FansLike Latest For Pastors Why Does a Biblical Theology of Suffering Matter? Pastors Randy Alcorn - February 27, 2024 How we think about suffering will radically affect how we see God and the world around us. If you believe God should always bless you and your loved ones with material abundance and good health, you are setting yourself up to lose your faith. Behind the Mysteries of Revelation 9 Articles for Pastors Staff - March 4, 2024 Revelation 9 begins with a chilling scene: "The fifth angel sounded his trumpet, and I saw a star that had fallen from the sky to the earth. The star was given the key to the shaft of the Abyss." Great Leaders Lead Through Ambiguity Articles for Pastors Phil Cooke - March 4, 2024 You can’t plan for everything, and that’s why the greatest leaders are those who can rise to the occasion when everything gets lost in the fog. They can lead thtough amibiugity. The Biblical Metaphor of Separating Wheat and Chaff Articles for Pastors Staff - March 4, 2024 The phrase "separate the wheat and chaff" finds its roots in Matthew 3:6-12, when John the Baptist describes the ministry of Jesus as one of separating the two: wheat and chaff. This process symbolizes the inevitable separation of good from bad. Pastors Martin Luther King Jr. On Love Your Enemies Bob Ditmer - January 15, 2024 Videos For Pastors Christian MLB Players & NFL Players on Why Baptism Is Important Megan Briggs - August 16, 2023 Videos for Outreach & Missions Perhaps We’ve Over-Emphasized Compatibility When Looking for a Spouse Megan Briggs - July 10, 2023 Children's Ministry Videos Insights From John Piper About Celebrating Halloween Toni Ridgaway - September 21, 2021 Children's Ministry Videos Story of Holy Week for Kids as Told by Two Children Megan Briggs - March 27, 2021 Children's Ministry Videos Clever Teacher Brings Worship to the Kids at Her Apartment Complex Megan Briggs - May 13, 2020 Videos for Outreach & Missions Perhaps We’ve Over-Emphasized Compatibility When Looking for a Spouse Megan Briggs - July 10, 2023 Videos for Outreach & Missions David Platt: Is The Sinner’s Prayer in the Bible? Megan Briggs - November 12, 2021 Articles for Outreach & Missions Medical Missions: How Community Health Evangelism Heals Lives and Transforms Hurting Communities Dr. Ravi I. Jayakaran - July 14, 2021 Videos for Small Group Leaders Small Group Discipleship Video With Francis Chan Toni Ridgaway - September 19, 2023 Articles for Small Group Leaders Ann Voskamp’s The Broken Way Bible Study Addresses Our Deepest Brokenness Megan Briggs - August 8, 2023 Videos for Small Group Leaders Character with Anointing: A Recipe for Avoiding Burnout Megan Briggs - May 2, 2023 Worship & Creative Videos All the Christmas Feels: Unique A Capella Arrangement of O Holy Night Megan Briggs - December 22, 2023 Worship & Creative Videos The Pentatonix Hallelujah Video Reminds Us Christmas Can Be Bittersweet Megan Briggs - December 15, 2023 Videos For Pastors Who Wrote the Doxology – And What Do You Really Know About It? Jessica Lea - February 13, 2023 Videos For Pastors Christian MLB Players & NFL Players on Why Baptism Is Important Megan Briggs - August 16, 2023 Videos For Pastors Chris Pratt Presents 9 Rules for Life: Hear His Advice for Teens Megan Briggs - January 4, 2023 Youth Leader Videos Sermon Illustrations on Forgiveness: Use This Video to Discuss Sin Toni Ridgaway - September 12, 2022 Podcasts Os Guinness: How ‘Signals of Transcendence’ Lead People To Seek the Lord Podcast Jessica Lea - February 28, 2024 Dr. Os Guinness joins “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to discuss how God uses “signals” like love, justice, joy, and beauty to break into our lives and draw us to himself. Kyle Strobel and Jamin Goggin, Part 2: How To Embrace God’s Vision for Power... Podcast Jessica Lea - February 21, 2024 Kyle Strobel and Jamin Goggin wrap up their conversation on “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast,” offering pastors ways to help guard against the misuse of power in ministry and encouraging them to persevere. Kyle Strobel and Jamin Goggin, Part 1: Why the Church’s Problem With Power Is... Podcast Jessica Lea - February 14, 2024 Dr. Kyle Strobel and Dr. Jamin Goggin join “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to discuss what God has taught them about his way to power and why every ministry leader must wrestle with what their view of power actually is. Molly Matthews Shares Key Findings From the ‘State of Church Tech’ Report Podcast Jessica Lea - February 7, 2024 Pushpay CEO Molly Matthews joins “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to share the latest findings from Pushpay’s “State of Church Tech” report and what the research reveals about the technological opportunities available to churches. Tim Chaddick: What Church Planting in Hollywood and London Taught Me About Outreach in... Podcast Jessica Lea - January 31, 2024 Tim Chaddick joins “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to share what he learned about engaging people in secular spaces as a result of his church planting experiences in Hollywood and London. Jamaal Williams and Timothy Paul Jones: Should You Pursue a Multiethnic Church? It’s Complicated Podcast Jessica Lea - January 24, 2024 Dr. Jamaal Williams and Dr. Timothy Paul Jones join “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to share why pastors should pursue the costly, beautiful vocation of leading a multiethnic church only if God has specifically called them to do so. Jon Acuff: How To Pursue Success Without Destroying Your Church Podcast Jessica Lea - January 17, 2024 Jon Acuff joins “The Stetzer ChurchLeaders Podcast” to explain why church leaders should wholeheartedly pursue their potential and how they can do so in a way that honors God. Most Popular Christian News 12 NFL Players Who LOVE Jesus (and Football) Stephanie Martin - September 9, 2023 Here's our latest list of notable Christian football players. These outspoken NFL players are strong in their faith and are not afraid to share their Christian beliefs. 12 Things A Church Pastor Cannot Do Articles for Pastors December 18, 2021 12 Habits That Lead to Divorce…and How to Avoid Them! Articles for Outreach & Missions June 3, 2021 ABOUT USChurchLeaders.com is dedicated to resourcing, informing, and connecting a community of church leaders for greater Kingdom impact worldwide. Contact us: support@churchleaders.comFOLLOW US Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Youtube Our Mission Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise © 2024 ChurchLeaders.com, All rights reserved.