Homepage - Brian Solis Homepage - Brian Solis Blog Business Growth Disruptive Technology Experience Future of Work New Media Social Issues Social Media Speaking Keynote Speaker Appearances Engage Analyst + Thought Leader Influencer Works Best-Selling Books Published Research Bylines Shows WTF Podcast BrianSolis.tv Press About Contact Studying the impact of innovation on business and society Brian Solis Blog Business Growth Disruptive Technology Experience Future of Work New Media Social Issues Social Media Speaking Keynote Speaker Appearances Engage Analyst + Thought Leader Influencer Works Best-Selling Books Published Research Bylines Shows WTF Podcast BrianSolis.tv Press IMMR Names Brian Solis in Top 20 List of Must Follow Thought Leaders in Generative AI Brian Solis to Keynote Baker Hughes Annual Meeting, Energizing Change, in Florence, Italy Becoming an AI-First Business: Brian Solis To Deliver Closing Keynote at Baker Hughes Energizing Change Annual Meeting About Contact WORK WITH BRIAN Industry-Leading Futurist, Thought Leader, Keynote Speaker to help businesses innovate and grow Inspire and Empower Your Audience Brian Solis is consistently ranked as one of the top keynote speakers at events around the world CONSIDER BRIAN BEYOND ORDINARY MARKET-DEFINING RESEARCH VISIT THE LIBRARY View All Books Game Changing Author of 8 Best-Selling Books About Brian "A world's top superforecaster." – Entrepreneur "One of the more creative and brilliant business minds of our time." – Forbes “One of the greatest digital analysts of our time.” – Antonio Lucio, CMO, HP "Top futurist speaker." – ReadWrite “One of the 21st century business world’s leading thinkers.” – ZDNet "One of the Top 20 Must Follow Thought Leaders in Generative AI" – IMMR "One of the ‘top 10 people to know in Silicon Valley." – Huffpost "The futurist we all need now." – The Conference Board "6 Business Speakers Who Will Motivate Your Teams With Their Real-Life Experiences" – GRIT DAILY Brian Solis is a world-renowned digital anthropologist and futurist. He is also an award-winning author and global keynote speaker. Brian’s research, advisory and presentations humanize disruptive trends and technologies and their impact businesses, markets, and societies. He not only helps audiences understand what’s happening and why, he explains complex subject in a way that everyone can understand. He then visualizes future opportunities and inspires people to take leading roles in defining the future they want to see. His work focuses on advisory, thought leadership, research that explores leadership 2.0, digital and business transformation, innovation, experience innovation CX/UX, disruptive technologies (AR/VR, AI, web3, NFTs, metaverse, mobile-first), the future of work and employee experience, and the self-driving enterprise. He has advised leading brands, celebrities, and startups and his ideas and work are consistently featured in the press. He’s a regular contributor to leading business and industry publications including Forbes, Harvard Business Review, CMO.com, TheNextWeb, Adweek, among others. Brian is also an official LinkedIn Influencer. His work is followed by over 700,000 people across social media. Read More Request Briefing Leading Analyst andStrategic Advisor Always plugged into the future of innovation and market evolution, Brian advises executives, technology vendors, start ups and boards of directors. He also develops internal/external research, roadmapping and analysis programs, hosts custom workshops and speaks at executive, partner and employee events. Work with Brian InternationalKeynote Speaker A sought-after international speaker, Solis shares his vision to inspire next-level leadership and business innovation around the world. His talks include digital transformation, innovation and disruption, modern consumerism, culture and employee experience and digital societies. Book Brian Influencer/Content Strategy Brian partners with brands and technology vendors on custom content and influencer strategies. His award-winning services include co-branded research and thought leadership reports, original content and media, webinars/webcasts, amplification programs for trends, products and events, and much more. See His Work Award WinningAuthor An 8x best-selling author, Brian’s books include, Lifescale: How to Live a More Creative, Productive and Happy Life, X: The Experience When Business Meets Design, What’s the Future of Business (WTF), and The End of Business as Usual (a top 10 Business Book by Publisher’s Weekly) View Books Testimonials Christina Corrigan "Brian was the opening keynote speaker at the largest conference in the League’s history! His thought-provoking presentation on innovation and leadership was inspiring and empowering for the thousands of city officials who attended." Christina Corrigan Deputy Executive Director, Texas Municipal League Brian Solis 2020-02-18T14:27:17-08:00 Christina Corrigan Deputy Executive Director, Texas Municipal League "Brian was the opening keynote speaker at the largest conference in the League’s history! His thought-provoking presentation on innovation and leadership was inspiring and empowering for the thousands of city officials who attended." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/christina-corrigan/ Per Ljungberg, Chief Innovation Officer at Swedish Trade Federation, Organizer, D-Summit, Sweden Thank you Brian for a fantastic keynote. Much appreciated by all of us! You have been high on my wish list of keynote speakers for D-Congress. Per Ljungberg, Chief Innovation Officer at Swedish Trade Federation, Organizer, D-Summit, Sweden Brian Solis 2023-04-26T17:35:23-07:00 Per Ljungberg, Chief Innovation Officer at Swedish Trade Federation, Organizer, D-Summit, Sweden Thank you Brian for a fantastic keynote. Much appreciated by all of us! You have been high on my wish list of keynote speakers for D-Congress. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/antonio-lucio/ Brian delivered a compelling keynote “Brian delivered a compelling keynote at our customer summit. I was inspired by his passion for how customer-centric companies can build customer journeys with meaningful and shareable experiences in every micro moment.” – Nick Stein, SVP Marketing, Vision Critical Brian Solis 2016-04-20T11:16:04-07:00 – Nick Stein, SVP Marketing, Vision Critical “Brian delivered a compelling keynote at our customer summit. I was inspired by his passion for how customer-centric companies can build customer journeys with meaningful and shareable experiences in every micro moment.” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/22101/ Monty Hamilton "Brian is at the forefront of the digital economy - we have worked together for over 5 years and he is the first person I turned to when I founded the Australian Digital Summit in 2012. Much more than a fly-in keynote, Brian has helped us bring some brilliant thought leaders to Australia and created incredible value for our events and inspiration for Telstra's Digital transformation." - Monty Hamilton, Digital Operations Director at Telstra Brian Solis 2016-03-24T13:20:20-07:00 - Monty Hamilton, Digital Operations Director at Telstra "Brian is at the forefront of the digital economy - we have worked together for over 5 years and he is the first person I turned to when I founded the Australian Digital Summit in 2012. Much more than a fly-in keynote, Brian has helped us bring some brilliant thought leaders to Australia and created incredible value for our events and inspiration for Telstra's Digital transformation." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/21746/ Marketing Magazine, Australia When Solis speaks, the market listens. – Marketing Magazine, Australia Brian Solis 2019-04-17T10:44:30-07:00 – Marketing Magazine, Australia When Solis speaks, the market listens. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/marketing-magazine-australia/ Jonathan Isenring, Founder, Digital Festival, Zurich "You have created hundreds of thousands of jobs, innovated several industries and serve as a role model for entrepreneurs, executives, investors and beyond." Jonathan Isenring, Founder, Digital Festival, Zurich Brian Solis 2020-04-22T10:33:40-07:00 Jonathan Isenring, Founder, Digital Festival, Zurich "You have created hundreds of thousands of jobs, innovated several industries and serve as a role model for entrepreneurs, executives, investors and beyond." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/jonathan-isenring-founder-digital-festival-zurich/ Kayal Rajendran, Director of Content, Digital Summit Thank you for providing such valuable insight. You were fantastic and the crowd loved you! Kayal Rajendran, Director of Content, Digital Summit Brian Solis 2023-04-27T08:22:17-07:00 Kayal Rajendran, Director of Content, Digital Summit Thank you for providing such valuable insight. You were fantastic and the crowd loved you! https://briansolis.com/testimonials/phil-komarny-vp-innovation-salesforce/ Blossom Johnston "Brian Solis took Idaho by storm with a message of ‘disrupt or be disrupted'. There are new rules to getting your message out—rules that engage young and older (connected) people differently. Brian lent his vast expertise to Idaho’s key creatives and helped them understand how to use the power of social media more effectively to mobilize grassroots efforts.” Blossom Johnston, program officer, J.A. And Kathryn Albertson Family Foundation Brian Solis 2017-02-11T15:50:49-08:00 Blossom Johnston, program officer, J.A. And Kathryn Albertson Family Foundation "Brian Solis took Idaho by storm with a message of ‘disrupt or be disrupted'. There are new rules to getting your message out—rules that engage young and older (connected) people differently. Brian lent his vast expertise to Idaho’s key creatives and helped them understand how to use the power of social media more effectively to mobilize grassroots efforts.” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/blossom-johnston/ Yanniv Masjedi, CMO, Nextiva “Brian’s presentation on the future of customer experience was phenomenal at NextCon. Survey feedback had him as the highest rated speaker across all three days!” Yanniv Masjedi, CMO, Nextiva Brian Solis 2017-11-07T20:27:27-08:00 Yanniv Masjedi, CMO, Nextiva “Brian’s presentation on the future of customer experience was phenomenal at NextCon. Survey feedback had him as the highest rated speaker across all three days!” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/yanniv-masjedi-cmo-nextiva/ Chris Stephens The information was well received from the entire audience and the style of your presentation was very engaging. I know from talking with my colleagues after the Conference and this morning back in the office, we all did not want your presentation to end. Chris Stephens, Business Consultant, Planning & Initiatives, Revenue Management, Southwest Brian Solis 2017-05-18T17:41:37-07:00 Chris Stephens, Business Consultant, Planning & Initiatives, Revenue Management, Southwest The information was well received from the entire audience and the style of your presentation was very engaging. I know from talking with my colleagues after the Conference and this morning back in the office, we all did not want your presentation to end. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/chris-stephens/ Jason Frazier The feedback from the audience was through the roof, with a lot of people saying Brian was our best speaker ever. I can’t say I am surprised. He’s truly a once in a generation mind. Jason Frazier, Chief Strategy Officer, Mason-McDuffie Brian Solis 2017-04-10T08:40:02-07:00 Jason Frazier, Chief Strategy Officer, Mason-McDuffie The feedback from the audience was through the roof, with a lot of people saying Brian was our best speaker ever. I can’t say I am surprised. He’s truly a once in a generation mind. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/jason-frazier/ Scott Jens "Our annual company meeting leveraged the enthusiastic presentation by Mr. Solis to challenge each attendee to commit to our path to disrupting our industry with our visionary ideas. His content was A-grade, and his presentation style was A+! What an inspiring presentation! Brian’s content was incredibly stimulating." - Scott Jens, OD, FAAO, CEO, Rev360 Brian Solis 2016-03-24T13:19:47-07:00 - Scott Jens, OD, FAAO, CEO, Rev360 "Our annual company meeting leveraged the enthusiastic presentation by Mr. Solis to challenge each attendee to commit to our path to disrupting our industry with our visionary ideas. His content was A-grade, and his presentation style was A+! What an inspiring presentation! Brian’s content was incredibly stimulating." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/21745/ Disney Institute “According to Brian Solis, Customer Experience is the next battlefield for brands. Those that get it right will not only create long-lasting customer relationships, but will also earn a significant competitive advantage over those that solely compete on product, price or promotion. On the other hand, companies that do not master the art of customer experience, will lose relevance and market share over time.” Disney Institute Brian Solis 2017-06-26T13:10:42-07:00 Disney Institute “According to Brian Solis, Customer Experience is the next battlefield for brands. Those that get it right will not only create long-lasting customer relationships, but will also earn a significant competitive advantage over those that solely compete on product, price or promotion. On the other hand, companies that do not master the art of customer experience, will lose relevance and market share over time.” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/disney-institute/ "Brian is so easy to work with. When he speaks, he is approachable, while being so smart and accomplished, We haven't seen this in years past with speakers." Laura Stack, Corporate Event Manager, Dynatrace Brian Solis 2017-02-11T15:49:27-08:00 Laura Stack, Corporate Event Manager, Dynatrace "Brian is so easy to work with. When he speaks, he is approachable, while being so smart and accomplished, We haven't seen this in years past with speakers." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/23586/ Matt Weick, Dynatrace "Brian Solis is on the vanguard of modern thought when it comes to the intersection of technology and human nature." Matt Weick, Dynatrace Brian Solis 2019-07-25T06:42:18-07:00 Matt Weick, Dynatrace "Brian Solis is on the vanguard of modern thought when it comes to the intersection of technology and human nature." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/matt-weick/ Subrato Basu, The Executive Board Your presentation was not only informative but also inspiring, offering valuable perspectives on approach towards transformation and change. Your thought-provoking session is testament to your dedication to advancing leadership excellence. Subrato Basu, The Executive Board Brian Solis 2024-01-10T13:06:23-08:00 Subrato Basu, The Executive Board Your presentation was not only informative but also inspiring, offering valuable perspectives on approach towards transformation and change. Your thought-provoking session is testament to your dedication to advancing leadership excellence. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/subrato-basu-the-executive-board/ Acosta Retail Leadership Symposium was absolutely thought provoking! Brian’s presentation at the Acosta Retail Leadership Symposium was absolutely thought provoking! Great insight into ways brands and retailers can increase Millennial connectivity, as well as helping manufacturers understand how to better relate to the evolving consumer. Chad Grenier, EVP Retail Marketing Services, Hunter Straker Brian Solis 2016-11-16T13:25:11-08:00 Chad Grenier, EVP Retail Marketing Services, Hunter Straker Brian’s presentation at the Acosta Retail Leadership Symposium was absolutely thought provoking! Great insight into ways brands and retailers can increase Millennial connectivity, as well as helping manufacturers understand how to better relate to the evolving consumer. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/acosta-retail-leadership-symposium-absolutely-thought-provoking/ NAED Annual Summit "Our group absolutely cannot stop talking about Brian and how fantastic he was. He’s a rockstar!" NAED Annual Summit Brian Solis 2019-01-31T09:08:59-08:00 NAED Annual Summit "Our group absolutely cannot stop talking about Brian and how fantastic he was. He’s a rockstar!" https://briansolis.com/testimonials/naed-annual-summit/ Executive Leadership Committee "Brian’s session was informative and engaging despite being virtual which is always a testament to talent." Executive Leadership Committee Brian Solis 2022-06-01T14:08:21-07:00 Executive Leadership Committee "Brian’s session was informative and engaging despite being virtual which is always a testament to talent." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/executive-leadership-committee/ Stephen Ghigliotty "What I loved about Brian’s presentation was the data driven perspective. There were a lot of people with wide eyes. It was totally fearless about the potential radical disruption that is clearly upon us. His book, and calm, yet exciting presentation, gave me both professional insight and continuing inspiration to teach and lead." Stephen Ghigliotty, Instructor and Lead Certificate Developer, University of Toronto Brian Solis 2017-06-12T16:07:02-07:00 Stephen Ghigliotty, Instructor and Lead Certificate Developer, University of Toronto "What I loved about Brian’s presentation was the data driven perspective. There were a lot of people with wide eyes. It was totally fearless about the potential radical disruption that is clearly upon us. His book, and calm, yet exciting presentation, gave me both professional insight and continuing inspiration to teach and lead." https://briansolis.com/testimonials/stephen-ghigliotty/ Tracey Mitchell His talk on Defining Digital Transformation was spot on, and the audience was completely engaged. He was able to humanize the topic that made it relatable and relevant to our industry. Brian created a lot of buzz after the presentation and we received excellent feedback from our attendees, both internal and external. Tracey Mitchell, VP Marketing Communications, Oracle Utilities GBU Brian Solis 2017-03-28T10:18:56-07:00 Tracey Mitchell, VP Marketing Communications, Oracle Utilities GBU His talk on Defining Digital Transformation was spot on, and the audience was completely engaged. He was able to humanize the topic that made it relatable and relevant to our industry. Brian created a lot of buzz after the presentation and we received excellent feedback from our attendees, both internal and external. https://briansolis.com/testimonials/tracey-mitchell/ Bob Fernekees, CRMEvolution “The best keynote in years. His message really resonated with our group!” Bob Fernekees, CRMEvolution Brian Solis 2018-04-25T07:22:56-07:00 Bob Fernekees, CRMEvolution “The best keynote in years. His message really resonated with our group!” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/bob-fernekees-crmevolution/ Sarah Lynn, Keynote and Featured Speaker Lead, SXSW “Brian's session was hugely successful and the audience walked away with a fresh perspective and full of inspiration.” Sarah Lynn, Keynote and Featured Speaker Lead, SXSW Brian Solis 2019-03-06T17:46:05-08:00 Sarah Lynn, Keynote and Featured Speaker Lead, SXSW “Brian's session was hugely successful and the audience walked away with a fresh perspective and full of inspiration.” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/sarah-lynn-keynote-and-featured-speaker-lead-sxsw/ David Firth-England, Electronic Arts “Brian’s in-depth analysis of the state of retail, as well as his predictions for the future, earned a 10 out of 10. He brought an amazing amount of expertise, polish, and patience. I felt extremely proud of our work together.” David Firth - Electronic Arts, England Brian Solis 2017-09-27T07:49:06-07:00 David Firth - Electronic Arts, England “Brian’s in-depth analysis of the state of retail, as well as his predictions for the future, earned a 10 out of 10. He brought an amazing amount of expertise, polish, and patience. I felt extremely proud of our work together.” https://briansolis.com/testimonials/david-firth-england-electronic-arts/ 0 0 Brian Solis View all Testimonials The Latest Posts Brian Solis / Disruptive Technology, Innovation, LeadershipAInsights: NVIDIA's Jensen Huang Ponders the Future of Coding, ChatGPT Gets Memory, Google Gemini 1.5 and the Meaning of Tokens, Three Alternatives to Google SearchAInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang says teaching children how to code is no longer the g... Brian Solis / Disruptive Technology, Innovation, LeadershipAInsights: OpenAI Dazzles with Sora, Sierra AI Makes Customer Service Human, NVIDIA Turns Your PC into an LLMAInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. OpenAI’s Sora produces groundbreaking video clips, democratizing and revolutioniz... Brian Solis / Digital Transformation, Disruptive Technology, LeadershipAInsights: The Impact of Generative AI on Business and Operational Transformation and InnovationAInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. I recently reviewed an AI report published by Coatue, a technology investment pla... Brian Solis / Disruptive TechnologyAInsights: Fred Wilson Predicts AI's Future, The Rise of Chief Innovation Officers, Sam Altman Seeks Trillions for AI Chips AInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. The AI stack has become foundational to next-gen business transformation I’ve fo... Brian Solis / Disruptive TechnologyAInsights: MultiOn and Large Action Models (LAMs), Introducing Google Gemini and Its Version of Copilot, AI-Powered Frames, Disney's HoloTile for VRAInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. MultiOn AI represents a shift from generative AI that passively responds to queri... Brian Solis / Disruptive TechnologyAInsights: Fighting Against Deepfakes, GenAI Gets into College, AI CarePods Brings Healthcare to YouAInsights: Executive-level insights on the latest in generative AI…. Meta leading effort to label AI-generated content One of the greatest threa... Get Instant Access to Brian's Articles!SUBSCRIBE NOW Brian in The News Brian Solis / PressIMMR Names Brian Solis in Top 20 List of Must Follow Thought Leaders in Generative AIIMMR’s Dr. Phil Hendrix announced a short list of “20 Generative AI Must Follow” thought leaders. Brian Solis was named to the list.... Brian Solis / PressBrian Solis to Keynote Baker Hughes Annual Meeting, Energizing Change, in Florence, ItalyBrian Solis was announced as the closing keynote speaker at the Baker Hughes annual meeting in Florence, Italy. At Energizing Change, Brian will exp... Brian Solis / PressBecoming an AI-First Business: Brian Solis To Deliver Closing Keynote at Baker Hughes Energizing Change Annual MeetingBrian Solis was invited to keynote Baker Hughes 24th annual event in Florence, Italy, “Energizing Change.” Featuring international energy ... Brian Solis / PressBrian Solis to Keynote Finovate in San FranciscoFinovateSpring will bring the entire fintech ecosystem together. With 600+ decision-makers from banks & financial institutions, 840+ C-level, head... Brian Solis / Disruptive Technology, Innovation, PressHow to Innovate The Human ExperienceI joined Susan Lindner on her popular podcast, “Innovation Storytellers.” The episode is live and I’d love for you to hear it. We ex... Brian Solis / PressBrian Solis Keynote on Building the Business of the Future Inspires the Executive BoardOn behalf of the entire Executive Board and the organizing committee, I want to extend our heartfelt gratitude for your outstanding contribution to th... Join Our Mailing List Submit You have Successfully Subscribed! Research Gallery Brian’s body of research has helped shape the evolution of current and unfolding market trends. As a pioneer of digital business, his research and work has served as a driver for innovation among some of the most lauded brands and startups. His recent areas of study include digital transformation, innovation, Generation-Connected, Culture 2.0, The Future of Work, and more. Brian leads original research directly or with partners who share common goals. This gallery was created to give you instant access to some of his more popular reports. View All Recent Books Lifescale Escape from the dark side of distractions to live a better life. Are you struggling with focus, procrastination, anxiety, self-esteem, forgetfulness, or creativity? From simple first steps to reclaiming your attention, to becoming more satisfied, inspired, and creative, this book will lead you through your own journey of lifescaling: redefining success on your own terms. X: The Experience Where Business Meets Design X explores why great products are no longer good enough to win with customers and why creative marketing and delightful customer service too are not enough to succeed. Brian shares why the future of business is experiential and how to create and cultivate meaningful experiences. What’s the Future of Business? What’s the Future of Business explores in a fun, visual and insightful way how connected consumerism breaks down into Four Moments of Truth, the role of technology in decision-making, and how businesses need to create experiences that mean something in each stage and also spark engagement between consumers based on those experience. The End of Business as Usual The End of Business As Usual examines each layer of the complex consumer revolution that is changing the future of business, media, and culture. As consumers further connect with one another, a vast and efficient information network takes shape and begins to steer experiences, decisions, and markets. It is nothing short of disruptive. View all Books Upcoming Appearances October 18, 2019 Harvest Summit, Lifescaling, Keynote Napa Brian Solis 2019-05-16T11:55:14-07:00 Napa Harvest Summit, Lifescaling, Keynote https://briansolis.com/testimonials/october-18-2019/ October 9, 2019 Texas Municipal League’s Annual Conference Lifescale!, San Antonio Brian Solis 2019-07-21T11:52:09-07:00 Lifescale!, San Antonio Texas Municipal League’s Annual Conference https://briansolis.com/testimonials/october-9-2019/ October 3, 2019 Verisign, Experience Innovation, Keynote Palm Springs Brian Solis 2019-07-21T11:51:35-07:00 Palm Springs Verisign, Experience Innovation, Keynote https://briansolis.com/testimonials/october-3-2019/ October 10, 2019 Hathaway, Experience Innovation, Keynote Pismo Beach Brian Solis 2019-07-21T19:06:05-07:00 Pismo Beach Hathaway, Experience Innovation, Keynote https://briansolis.com/testimonials/october-10-2019/ 0 0 Brian Solis View all Appearances Join Our Mailing List Submit You have Successfully Subscribed! Stay Connected Instagram briansolis Futurist, 8x Best-Selling Author, Keynote Speaker, Head of Global Innovation @ServiceNow Sometimes people aren’t looking for you to solve In any question, in every decision, ask, WWAID (wh This is my publisher (and dear friend), @therealsh You don’t have to set out to change the world. Introducing #renAIssance, a special gathering in S Some seek meaning. Others create meaning. You’l To dream is to visualize a better future. To bel At the heart of every renaissance is enlightenment “But what can I do? I am only one person” — Load More... Follow on Instagram FacebookWordPress booking calendar Recent Posts AInsights: NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang Ponders the Future of Coding, ChatGPT Gets Memory, Google Gemini 1.5 and the Meaning of Tokens, Three Alternatives to Google Search AInsights: OpenAI Dazzles with Sora, Sierra AI Makes Customer Service Human, NVIDIA Turns Your PC into an LLM AInsights: The Impact of Generative AI on Business and Operational Transformation and Innovation AInsights: Fred Wilson Predicts AI’s Future, The Rise of Chief Innovation Officers, Sam Altman Seeks Trillions for AI Chips IMMR Names Brian Solis in Top 20 List of Must Follow Thought Leaders in Generative AI Copyright © Brian Solis. All rights reserved. Searching Blog Posts Loginor register Get Instant Access To Brian's ArticlesPlease enter your First Name, Last Name and Email Address below: SUBSCRIBE! Thank You for subscribing to Brian's Articles! × Sign-Up to receive important updates from Brian! First Name * Last Name * Email * City State Brian hosts events during his travels and would like to invite you in the future. (City and State) Submit X