Hey Alma - Jewish, feminist, and full of chutzpah external-link Skip to content Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Get Alma in Your Inbox Toggle Menu Toggle search Search Hey Alma: Search Pop Culture News Holidays Israel Guide Shop How to Dress Like Susie Greene from ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm’ If your outfit makes you feel like you could easily scream “Get the fuck out of my house, Larry!” — mazel, you’re dressing like the Jewish rage icon. By Evelyn Frick 3 Unique Jewish Wedding Keepsakes These options will make your special day last a lifetime. By Hannah Paperno In Our Jewish Mother-Daughter Book Club, We Bond Over So Much More Than Words So began an intergenerational tradition that is still being written. By Gabby Deutch I’m Modern Orthodox and Single — And I’d Like To Have Sex It feels like it would be a total smack in the face to my family and upbringing. On the other hand, I feel failed by that very community. By Vanessa Pamela Friedman Is ‘Dune’ a Retelling of the Passover Story? And does that mean Paul Atreides is basically Moses? By Allison Gans Castillo 18 Things to Know About Jewish Comedian Sabrina Brier Oh! By Evelyn Frick ISRAELI-PALESTINIAN CONFLICT Key Terms to Know About Israel and Palestine As violence erupts in the Middle East, we're breaking down some common terms you may be seeing. By Hey Alma Staff Your Jewish Friends Are Not OK The news is at once horrifying to take in and impossible to ignore — but we are in this together. By Molly Tolsky 15 Books to Read to Better Understand the Modern History of Israel-Palestine Want to educate yourself? Here are some suggestions on where to start. By Emily Burack 6 Black Jewish Artists You Need to Know From animators to musicians, these creatives tell stories of beauty, strength and truth through their work. By Shoshana McKinney This New Musical Celebrates Jewish and Immigrant Londoners Who Resisted Fascism "Cable Street" blends a historic British battle with shades of Lin Manuel Miranda. By Hannah Davis 18 THINGS 18 Things to Know About Jewish Actor Kingsley Ben-Adir The Brit has played Malcolm X, Barack Obama and a Ken doll in the "Barbie" movie. By Evelyn Frick 18 Things to Know About Jewish Musician Noah Kahan The singer-songwriter has called himself the "Jewish Ed Sheeran." By Evelyn Frick 18 Things to Know About Jewish Comedian Amelia Dimoldenberg The internet has sensed some vibes between the "Chicken Shop Date" host and actor Andrew Garfield. By Evelyn Frick Load More Meanwhile on the 'gram... Follow us for the best Jewish memes in the game (and other things, too, but really, the memes). "Like many people, I fell in love with Iris and he we wish we were the challah baker but in reality w "This became the only regular Zoom meeting on my c heard everything was half off (@hering_david) pickle pedicure: yay or nay? (rg @nailedbytav) wrong! answers! only! (rg @kvellercom) have a restful (and very cozy) one, pals 💛 "'I’m a Modern Orthodox woman in my early 30s. I new month, all-new #HeyAlmaClassifieds!!! tap the “'Dune' is about the dangers of following a char Get Hey Alma in your inbox Get our latest stories on Jewish identity, pop culture, news, and more. Subscribe About Us Write For Us hello@heyalma.com Privacy Policy Advertise Donate