Office of the Attorney General Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Skip to main content Español About News Opinions Careers Contact Us Search Menu Keywords Search × Child Support Child Support Interactive (CSI) Back to top of menu Child Support Interactive (CSI) Paying and Receiving Child Support About Child Support Interactive Agency Partners Child Support Enforcement Pro­grams and Initiatives Your Child Support And The Federal Stimulus Payment Crime Victims 2019 Legislative Session Update for Victims and Service Providers Back to top of menu 2019 Legislative Session Update for Victims and Service Providers Compensation Portal Updates Crime Victims' Compensation Portal Landowner Compensation Program Services for Crime Victims Crime Victims' Compensation Program Information for Crime Victim Advocates Service Providers Consumer Protection File a Consumer Complaint Back to top of menu File a Consumer Complaint Automotive Scams Common Scams Equifax Identity Theft Seniors and the Elderly Open Government 2023 Texas Legislative Session Update Back to top of menu 2023 Texas Legislative Session Update Governmental Bodies How to Request an Attorney General Opinion Members of the Public Open Meetings Act Suspension Updates Open Records Complaint Open Reports and Publications Job Listings All Divisions Opinions Initiatives Newsroom About Contact us Español Search Keywords Search Office of the Attor­ney Gen­er­al Initiatives Border Security Secure borders keep Texas safe. Election Integrity Secure elections are the cornerstone of a thriving republic. Anti-Human Trafficking A global crime that's found its way into our communities. Big Tech Get the facts on how Big Tech affects you. See All Initiatives News February 20, 2024 Attor­ney Gen­er­al Ken Pax­ton Sues to End NGO’s Oper­a­tions In Texas After Dis­cov­er­ing Poten­tial Efforts to Facil­i­tate Ille­gal Immigration Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has sued Annunciation House, a nongovernmental organization (“NGO”), to revoke their registration to operate in Texas. Recent News Attor­ney Gen­er­al Ken Pax­ton Sues Hut­to ISD for Ille­gal Electioneering March 04, 2024 | Press Release Attor­ney Gen­er­al Ken Pax­ton Secures Injunc­tion Against Den­ton ISD for Ille­gal Electioneering March 04, 2024 | Press Release Attor­ney Gen­er­al Ken Pax­ton Secures Emer­gency Relief In Favor of Texas Bor­der Secu­ri­ty Law March 04, 2024 | Press Release Attor­ney Gen­er­al Ken Pax­ton Sues Huff­man ISD and Ale­do ISD for Ille­gal Electioneering March 01, 2024 | Press Release See All News Liberty and Justice for Texas We regularly identify unique threats to Texas—and we take action to defeat them. Child Support We are here to make sure every child receives the support they need and deserve. Crime Victims Crime victims and their families may need information, resources, or financial assistance. We’re here to help. Consumer Protection Texans deserve a free and honest market. We’re here to protect their rights. Open Government Open Government elevates Texans to their proper role as partners in leadership. We’re here to protect that role. About KEN PAXTON About KEN PAXTON Ken Paxton is the 51st Attorney General of Texas. He was elected on November 4, 2014, and sworn into office on January 5, 2015. He was re-elected to a second term in 2018 and a third term in 2022.As the state’s top law enforcement officer, Attorney General Paxton leads more than 4,000 employees in 38 divisions and 117 offices around Texas. That includes nearly 750 attorneys, who handle more than 30,000 cases annually. Read Ken Paxton's Full Bio. Leadership Team Back to top Back to Top Asset 1 Twitter Facebook PO Box 12548Austin, TX 78711-2548 Child Support Crime Victims Consumer Protection Open Government All Divisions Opinions Initiatives Human Resources Newsroom Where the Money Goes ADA Compliance Compact With Texans Cost Efficiency Saving Ideas Reporting Fraud State Agency Contracts TRAILS Search Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal Texas.gov Accessibility & Site Policies