GlobalGiving: donate to charity projects around the world Explore Projects Find a vetted, verified project that you want to make a donation to: Top Themes Education Gender Equality Racial Justice Climate Action Food Security Physical Health Top Locations United States India Kenya Nepal Pakistan Mexico Top Funded Projects Newest Projects Projects Closest to Goal Staff Favorites Most Effective Site Visit Verified Top Ranked Projects Browse All Projects Disaster Response Projects Give a Gift Card Donate in Honor Start a Fundraiser Redeem a Gift Card Project of the Month Club My Dashboard About Learn Nonprofits Corporate Disasters Gifts Cards Apply to Join Explore ProjectsAboutLearnNonprofitsCorporateDisastersGifts Israel-Palestine Crisis Relief Fund United States Israel-Palestine Crisis Relief Fund Donate Quality healthcare to 45,000 households in Kenya Kenya Quality healthcare to 45,000 households in Kenya Donate Leadership Initiatives Students Creating Change Nigeria Leadership Initiatives Students Creating Change Donate Educate Ethiopia Children One Pack for One Child Ethiopia Educate Ethiopia Children One Pack for One Child Donate Send 200 Filipino kids to better daycare centers Philippines Send 200 Filipino kids to better daycare centers Donate Explore Projects: Featured Newest Nearly Funded Child Protection Disaster Response Education Climate Action Food Security Gender Equality Physical Health See All › GlobalGiving connects nonprofits, donors, and companies in nearly every country in the world. We help fellow nonprofits access the funding, tools, training, and support they need to serve their communities. Learn More 22 years $915M dollars 1,835,802 donors 36,441 projects 175+ countries 588 companies How It Works Nonprofits around the world apply and join GlobalGiving to access more funding, to build new skills, and to make important connections. Nonprofits People like you give to your favorite projects; you feel great when you get updates about how your money is put to work by trusted organizations. Donors Generous companies and their employees further support high-impact projects with donations and grants, helping local communities thrive. Companies Nonprofits have the funding they need to listen to feedback and try out new ways to work; communities all over the globe get more awesome! Our Impact Disaster Recovery GlobalGiving makes it easy to donate to reliable, locally-led disaster relief and recovery efforts around the world. Learn more Sudan Emergency Fund Sudan Sudan Emergency Fund Donate Haiti Crisis Relief Fund Haiti Haiti Crisis Relief Fund Donate Turkey and Syria Earthquake Relief Fund Turkey Turkey and Syria Earthquake Relief Fund Donate Libya Flood Relief Fund Libya Libya Flood Relief Fund Donate Our Corporate Partners We've made it possible for more than 580 companies to support local causes around the world. We help companies expand their philanthropic footprint with global nonprofit vetting, grantmaking, charitable gift cards, and digital campaigns to power cause marketing, disaster response, and employee giving. View All Companies Buy a Gift Card! Give the gift of giving with a GlobalGiving Gift Card. Shop for Gifts Redeem a Gift Card News Meet The Community Voices Fellows These six fellows will share their perspectives through GlobalGiving’s program to amplify change leader voices. Read More › Celebrate Women's History Month Make a donation to help women and girls rise this month. Give Now › GlobalGiving 2023 Year in Review See how you changed lives around the world in the 2023 GlobalGiving annual report. Read Now › Get incredible stories, promotions, and matching offers in your inbox Subscribe GlobalGiving makes it easy and safe for you to give to local projects anywhere in the world, while providing nonprofits with the tools, training, and support they need to thrive. Help Center facebook twitter instagram Donors Give or Redeem Gift Cards Donate in Honor Project of the Month Club Start a Fundraiser Nonprofits Start an Application Why Join? Handbook Pricing & Fees Companies Our Services Our Partners Corporate Gift Cards GlobalGiving Atlas About Us Our Team Jobs FAQs Contact Us Learn Library Nonprofit Resources Corporate Giving Resources Donor Resources Success Stories Washington Post CNN NPR New York Times Charity Navigator Four Star Charity Candid - Guidestar Platinum Participant BBB Accredited Charity SSL- and PCI-Verified Secure Site © Copyright 2000-2024 GlobalGiving, a 501(c)(3) organization (EIN: 30‑0108263) Registered Charity in England and Wales # 1122823 1 Thomas Circle NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005, USA Questions? Contact Us · Privacy · Cookies · Terms · Pricing · API · Data WARNING: Javascript is currently disabled or is not available in your browser. GlobalGiving makes extensive use of Javascript and will not function properly with Javascript disabled. Please enable Javascript and refresh this page.