Financial Ombudsman Service: our homepage Our use of cookies Read more about how we use cookies on our cookies policy page Policy version: 04 We use cookies to help us improve our website. This will set a cookie on your device to remember your preferences. No, take me to settings Accept and close Skip to content Jump to navigation Open search Financial Ombudsman Menu Open search form Use Ctrl + / (or ⌘ + / on OSX) to open the search dialog from any page. News Decisions and case studies Back Decisions and case studies – overview Case studies Database of decisions Data and insight Back Data and insight – overview Our insight Quarterly complaints data Half-yearly complaints data Annual complaints data Make a complaint Who we are Back Who we are - an overview Our values Back Our values Diversity and inclusion Our pay and representation data Our customer service Back Our customer service Our service standards How we make decisions Back How we make decisions Governance and funding Back Governance and funding Alternative Dispute Resolution Annual reports and accounts Board meeting minutes Consultations Strategic plans and budget Our action plan for changing and improving Our strategy Back Our strategy Reporting against our strategic measures 2022/23 Our work with other organisations Back Our work with other organisations Meet our staff Back Meet our staff Our Board of Directors Our Executive Team Our Ombudsmen Join us – careers at the Financial Ombudsman Back Join us – careers at the Financial Ombudsman Join us as an Apprentice Join us as a Customer Call Adviser Join us as an Investigator Join us as an Ombudsman Manager Life at the Financial Ombudsman Application process For consumers Back For consumers – an overview How to complain Back How to complain How to complain to a financial business Complaints we can help with Back Complaints we can help with PPI Fraud and scams Covid-19 (coronavirus) Banking and payments Borrowing money Insurance Investments Mortgages Pensions and annuities Other complaints Complaints involving the cost of living What to expect Back What to expect Who we can help Time limits How long it takes Compensation Compensation for financial loss Tax on compensation Compensation for distress or inconvenience Who we’ve helped Back Who we’ve helped Complaints we can’t help with Back Complaints we can’t help with Other complaint-handling organisations For businesses Back For businesses – an overview Resolving a complaint Back Resolving a complaint Before we get involved Leaflet for consumers Our jurisdiction Time limits for businesses How we handle complaints What to send us Understanding compensation Case fees Complaints we deal with Back Complaints we deal with PPI Fraud and scams Covid-19 (coronavirus) Banking and payments Insurance Consumer credit Mortgages Investments Pensions & annuities Other complaints Business support and engagement Back Business support and engagement Business Support Hub Voluntary jurisdiction Search Financial dispute resolution that’s fair and impartial The Financial Ombudsman Service is a free and easy-to-use service that settles complaints between consumers and businesses that provide financial services. We resolve disputes fairly and impartially, and have the power to put things right. How to complain Complaints we can help with If you have a complaint I want to know if you can look at my complaint Check if I can make a complaint I want to find out more about your process Find out what to expect More for consumers Cost of living complaints We can investigate complaints related to the financial impact of the rising cost of living. If a lender or financial business hasn’t treated you fairly, find out how we can help. If you are looking for debt advice or guidance, or if you’re worried about money and finding it difficult to know where to start, the government-backed MoneyHelper service can help you find a way forward. If you are a business dealing with complaints I want to know how you handle cases How we handle complaints I need support with a consumer’s enquiry Contact our Business Support Hub More for businesses Are you a small business? If you’re a small business (SME) and want to make a complaint to us, go to our dedicated small business website for more information about how we can help. Visit our SME website Need help with a claims management dispute? We can also help with complaints about claims management companies (CMCs). If you have a complaint, or you’re a CMC dealing with a complaint, go to the Claims Management Ombudsman website for more information. Visit our CMC website Decisions and case studies We share our practical experience in resolving financial disputes in a range of situations. Read our Ombudsman decisions and case studies to find examples of cases we resolved. See our Ombudsman decisions See our case studies Helping prevent complaints Our data and insight take a closer look into the cases we handle. They highlight complaint themes and trends and the impact we’ve had. We also share some key points for consumers and businesses on what to look out for and how we can help. This helps raise awareness, preventing complaints and unfairness. See all publications See all data and insight Latest news Everyday financial concerns are expected to drive complaints to the Financial Ombudsman Service in the year ahead 24 January 2024 We set out trends for new complaints we expect to see in 2024/25 in a consultation paper on our plans and budget. The consultation is currently open and closes on 30 January 2024. Press release Read more FCA announces temporary complaint-handling rules relating to certain motor finance complaints 11 January 2024 The financial services regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), has introduced temporary complaint-handling rules relating to certain motor finance complaints where a discretionary commission arrangement was in place. Read more Vehicle issues now account for a quarter of all financial complaints 14 December 2023 Complaints relating to vehicle issues now make up 25% of all cases, according to new data released today by the Financial Ombudsman Service. Press release Q2 data Complaints data Data and Insight Read more See all news Find out more Our values Join us – careers at the Financial Ombudsman Subscribe to our newsletter Back to top Print this page Share this page Send by email Tweet about this Share on LinkedIn Share on Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Make a complaint How to complain Complaints we can help with Contact us Case studies Decisions database Press office Subscribe to our newsletter Careers Visit our SME website Visit our CMC website Accessibility Corporate information Legal information Cymraeg Privacy notice Freedom of information Procurement Cookies Data protection and SARs The Modern Slavery Act Check if messages are from us ©2024 Financial Ombudsman Service