American Medical Association Skip to main content Change Healthcare cyberattack impacts health care operations nationwide. Stay updated to support your practice. Change Healthcare cyberattack impacts health care operations nationwide. Stay updated to support your practice. Learn More close JAMA Network™ FREIDA™ AMA Ed Hub™ GCEP AMA Journal of Ethics® CPT Store AMA Physician Profiles AMA Insurance Menu Delivering Care Delivering Care Coronavirus AMA Guides® Health Equity Public Health Physician-Patient Relationship Overdose Epidemic Hypertension Diabetes Population Care Precision Medicine Patient Support & Advocacy Ethics COVID-19 (2019 novel coronavirus) resource center for physicians The AMA is closely monitoring COVID-19 (2019 novel coronavirus) developments. Learn more with the AMA's COVID-19 resource center. CDC studies on Long COVID cognitive impairment and excessive alcohol use, plus ultra-processed foods The AMA Update covers a range of health care topics affecting the lives of physicians and patients. Learn more about CDC studies on long COVID and more. Practice Management Practice Management AMA STEPS Forward® AMA Store Practice Transformation CPT® Prior Authorization Reducing Administrative Burden Scope of Practice Sustainability Physician Health Claims Processing Private Practices Payment & Delivery Models Medicare & Medicaid Digital HIPAA Career Development Pearl of the Week: Write down inspiring patient stories Find resources on reconnecting with values and meaning to help protect against burnout. Change Healthcare cyber outage Change Healthcare experiences a cyber security issue impacting prior procedure authorizations, electronic prescribing and other patient care functions. Education Education Online Learning & CME AMA PRA Credit System Improve GME GME Funding Medical School Diversity ChangeMedEd Initiative International Medical Education Academic coaching in medical education A framework for educators and administrators who create programs for coaching medical students—view videos, purchase books or download directories of workshop participants. Catalyzing change in medical education Through the new AMA ChangeMedEd® initiative, the AMA is concentrating on developing the foundational attributes of precision education and its real-world application via investments in new partnerships and exploratory pilots. Learn more. Medical Students Medical Students Preparing for Medical School USMLE® Step 1 & 2 Medical School Life Medical Student Health Medical Student Finance Clinical Rotations Publishing Research Medical Student Advocacy Specialty Profiles Preparing for Residency UWorld Medical frequently asked questions AMA members can save up to $80 off select UWorld question bank (QBank) study aids for a limited time. Find answers to frequently asked questions. Medical student leadership opportunities Take on leadership opportunities at the local, state or national levels to represent medical students and address their concerns—download PDFs or applications in DOCX format. Medical Residents Medical Residents Residency Life Research During Residency Medical Fellowships Medical Resident Wellness Medical Resident Advocacy Medical Residency Personal Finance USMLE® Step 3 Transition from Resident to Attending 5 networking tips for job-seeking residents, fellows The power of networking, when harnessed correctly, can be a major asset to physicians as they pursue their first job out of residency or fellowship. What employed physicians should know about noncompete clauses With more states moving to ban noncompete clauses, the legal landscape is becoming more complex. A legal expert outlines some essentials. Health Care Advocacy Health Care Advocacy Advocating for Public Health Access to Care Administrative Burdens Payment Reform Advocacy Update Federal Advocacy State Advocacy Judicial Advocacy Feb. 23, 2024: Advocacy Update spotlight on the 2024 National Advocacy Conference Highlights from the 2024 AMA National Advocacy Conference and more in the latest Advocacy Update spotlight. Feb. 23, 2024: Medicare Payment Reform Advocacy Update Bipartisan group of Senators announce formation of Medicare payment reform working group and more in the latest Medicare Payment Reform Advocacy Update. Member Benefits Member Benefits Personal Member Benefits & Discounts Practice Benefits & Discounts Member Eligibility & Dues AMBOSS frequently asked questions Are you a medical student or resident but not sure how AMBOSS can help you in your studies? Learn more from the AMA through these frequently asked questions and answers. AMBOSS limited time offer for AMA members For a limited time, AMA and AMBOSS have teamed up to give student and PGY1 resident members an exclusive 10% off the AMBOSS Library and Qbank add-ons. Organization Board of Trustees House of Delegates House of Delegates HOD Organization AMA Policies Annual Meeting Interim Meeting AMA Elections 2024 Annual Meeting of the HOD: March 1 Speakers' Update In the March 1 update, the speakers provide resolution submission deadlines for the 2024 Annual Meeting, guidelines for HOD election group interviews, a reminder about the newly consolidated election policy and an update to the agenda. 2024 Annual Meeting of the HOD: Speakers' updates overview Read the House of Delegates (HOD) speakers' updates for the 2024 HOD Annual Meeting. Councils Councils Council on Constitution & Bylaws Council on Ethical & Judicial Affairs Council on Legislation Council on Long Range Planning & Development Council on Medical Education Council on Medical Service Council on Science & Public Health Medical education leadership opportunities Apply for a leadership position by submitting the required documentation by the deadline. Health care coverage & choice: Council on Medical Service reports Download PDFs of council reports that have proposed strategies establishing the AMA vision for health system reform to cover the uninsured and expand health insurance coverage and choice. Member Groups (Sections) Member Groups (Sections) Section Meetings Academic Physicians Advisory Committee on LGBTQ Issues Integrated Physician Practices International Medical Graduates Medical Students Minority Affairs Organized Medical Staff Private Practice Physicians Residents & Fellows Senior Physicians Women Physicians Young Physicians 2024 SPS Annual Meeting agenda & resources Find the agenda, documents and more information for the 2024 SPS Annual Meeting on June 7 at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. 2024 IMGS Annual Meeting agenda & resources Find the agenda PDF, documents and more for the 2024 IMGS Annual Meeting on June 7 at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. About About Events AMA Center for Health Equity Board of Trustees Leadership Foundation Office of International Relations CPT® Editorial Panel RVS Update Committee (RUC) United States Adopted Names Publications & Newsletters Research AMA History Awards AMA Career Opportunities Physician Professional Data™ International Conference on Physician Health™ The 2024 International Conference on Physician Health will be held Oct. 17–Oct. 19, 2024. Learn more. Navigating AI in Health Care Experts discuss the AMA’s latest augmented intelligence (AI) resources and delve into the practical uses of AI in health care. Explore Products JAMA Network™ FREIDA™ AMA Ed Hub™ AMA Journal of Ethics® CPT Store AMA Insurance AMA Physician Profiles GCEP Join Renew Join / Renew Member Benefits Sign In Sign In Create free account Join/Renew Member Benefits About Health Care Advocacy Education Practice Management Delivering Care Organizational Nav Board of Trustees House of Delegates Councils Member Groups (Sections) American Medical Association 3 tips for a proactive physician approach to stop scope creep Efforts to inappropriately expand nonphysicians’ scope of practice have been relentless. Physicians can take back the offensive. Learn More AMA Series AMA Series AMA Update New study explores cognitive impact of COVID Mar 4, 2024 Transitioning to Practice 5 networking tips for job-seeking residents, fellows Feb 29, 2024 Scope of Practice Physicians and nonphysicians: What are the differences? Mar 4, 2024 Health System Spotlight To address food insecurity, ask patients three questions Mar 4, 2024 Trending Norovirus outbreak: Is there a stomach bug going around? Norovirus symptoms and incubation period Change Healthcare cyber outage Top 10 physician specialties with the highest rates of depression What's the difference between physicians and naturopaths? Match: Which specialties place most residents through SOAP View All Trending Free CME for Members Join the AMA AMA Recovery Plan for America’s Physicians About the recovery plan You took care of the nation. It’s time for the nation to take care of you. It’s time to rebuild. And the AMA is ready. Learn more Fixing prior authorization We’re standing up to insurance companies to eliminate care delays, patient harm and practice hassles. Learn more Reforming Medicare payment The evidence is clear. The Medicare payment system is on an unsustainable path, threatening patients' access to physicians. Learn more Fighting scope creep Patients deserve care led by physicians—the most highly educated, trained and skilled health care professionals. Learn more Supporting telehealth The AMA is fighting for legislation to permanently fix the restrictions on telehealth coverage and payment. Learn more Reducing physician burnout We are focused on removing administrative burdens, providing real-world solutions and helping physicians rediscover the joy in health care. Learn more Let's Get Started Member benefits: Exclusive savings & resources 6 reasons to join the AMA By becoming a member, you can play a role in shaping the future of medicine while growing professionally, no matter where you are in your training and career. Learn more Auto & transportation AMA membership makes you eligible for exceptional savings on a host of impressive Mercedes-Benz and Volvo vehicles. Learn more Home & lifestyle offers Find and purchase a new home, refinance an existing mortgage or protect your home with professional monitoring. Learn more Med student membership Find leadership and advocacy opportunities, get test prep, showcase your research, and take advantage of discounts and benefits designed just for you. Learn more Loans & financial services Whether it's a home, student, resident or personal loan or insurance, AMA provides the information to align your finances, and prepare for your future. Learn more Member dues Browse AMA membership dues by your role and experience level. Learn more Being an AMA member has its advantages AMA Annual Meeting Event Information Hyatt Regency Chicago 151 E. Wacker Chicago, Illinois Annual Meeting of the House of Delegates June 7-12, 2024 Member Groups (Sections) Meetings June 6-7, 2024 Annual Meeting of the House of Delegates June 7-12, 2024 Certification & rosters (members only) Submitting a resolution Agenda Speakers' updates Member Groups (Sections) Meetings June 6-7, 2024 Sections' agendas & resources Future HOD Meeting Dates More Info Upcoming Events baseline-insert_invitation-24px Created with Sketch. State of the states: What key health care issues are in play this year? Mar 5, 2024 Virtual baseline-insert_invitation-24px Created with Sketch. 2024 AMA Medical Student Advocacy Conference (MAC) Mar 7 - 8, 2024 In Person baseline-insert_invitation-24px Created with Sketch. AMA Guides® Editorial Panel March 21, 2024 meeting Mar 21, 2024 Virtual View All Events AMA Morning Rounds Get your daily dose of medical news The biggest stories in medicine and public health delivered right to your inbox. Email I verify that I’m in the U.S. and agree to receive communication from the AMA or third parties on behalf of AMA. Essential Tools & Resources for You AMA Update Combating climate change COVID-19 updates Women physicians & burnout View All Topics AMA Update Combating climate change COVID-19 updates Women physicians & burnout View All Topics Advocating for Physicians AMA PolicyFinder Federal & State Correspondence AMA Press Center View All Topics Advocating for Physicians AMA PolicyFinder Federal & State Correspondence AMA Press Center View All Topics Guides Private Practice Playbook CPT® Codes Saving Time Playbook Guides Private Practice Playbook CPT® Codes Saving Time Playbook Member Benefits Physician Benefits & Discounts Practice Benefits & Discounts Member Dues View All Topics Member Benefits Physician Benefits & Discounts Practice Benefits & Discounts Member Dues View All Topics FREIDA™, the AMA Residency and Fellowship Database® Save, rank, take notes, download and compare programs. Access FREIDA. Find your Match. Your Membership Moves Medicine™ Join the AMA today Raising the Voice of Our Members Dhara Amin, MD Thank you ⁦@AmerMedicalAssn⁩ and the Center of Health Equity for the opportunity to share my perspective! @DrAlethaMaybank @AllysonBelton @jmorijohnson @SatcherHealth @MSMEDU @CookCtyHealth @CookCountyEM Visit Dr. Amin on X Emma Johns The 30th edition of SCOPE, SIU School of Medicine's Literary Arts Magazine was released today. I had the honor of being its Editor! So many amazing artists, photographers, and writers in our community! Visit Emma Johns on X Also of Interest:How calling CRNAs “nurse anesthesiologists”...What doctors wish patients knew about COVID-19...Symptoms of new COVID variant JN.1, latest... The AMA promotes the art and science of medicine and the betterment of public health. AMA Contact Us Download AMA Connect app for iPhone or Android AMA Careers Events Press Center AMA Alliance AMPAC AMA Foundation The best in medicine, delivered to your mailbox Please enter your email address. I verify that I’m in the U.S. and agree to receive communication from the AMA or third parties on behalf of AMA. JAMA Network™ FREIDA™ AMA Ed Hub™ GCEP AMA Journal of Ethics® CPT Store AMA Physician Profiles AMA Insurance Terms of Use Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Website Accessibility Copyright 1995 - 2024 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.