National Galleries of Scotland | Art Museums in Edinburgh skip to main content National Galleries of Scotland Search Quick links Careers Artists A–Z All artworks Sign in For print on demand or to access your NGS account, sign in here Email * Password * Forgotten your password? Register for an account By registering in the website you will be able to access extra free functionality. You will be able to seamlessly ‘Favourite’ images and download large images for personal use. Register Sign in with Facebook Connect with Facebook For tickets, memberships and donations sign in here Sign in Manage your settings National Galleries of Scotland Toggle Navigation Art & artists Art & artists home Artists Artworks Features Collections Glossary Publishing Past exhibitions Featured artwork Study for the Painting 'The Quarrel of Oberon and Titania' Sir Joseph Noel Paton Article Perspectives | A series of filmed conversations 5 minute read Audio and Video Scottish Art Featured artist Eduardo Paolozzi 1924 - 2005 Visit Our galleries School visits Group visits Research facilities Families Accessibility National The Mound, Edinburgh, EH2 2EL Open daily, 10am–5pm Modern 73 & 75 Belford Road, Edinburgh, EH4 3DR Open daily, 10am–5pm Portrait 1 Queen Street, Edinburgh, EH2 1JD Open daily, 10am–5pm What's on On now & coming soon All exhibitions & displays All events Explore by gallery On at the National On at the Portrait On at the Modern Do Ho Suh | Tracing Time Modern One Paolozzi at 100 Modern Two See all Browse What's on at the Galleries Learn Learn home Learning resources Your Art World School visits Group visits Families Visual impairment British Sign Language Dementia-friendly Sensory-friendly Join & support Join & support home Become a Friend Your Friends membership Donate today Join a Circle Corporate support Volunteer Other ways to support Discover your impact Join & support Support Us Support our mission to make art work for everyone and become part of an inspiring community of art lovers by becoming a Friend or making a donation today. Join now Donate today Shop Shop home Prints and posters Art prints Custom prints Limited editions Large poster prints Framed prints Canvas prints Exhibition posters View all Stationery Greeting cards Notecard sets Gift wrap Notebooks and sketchbooks Arts and crafts materials Postcards Magnets Pens and pencils Bookmarks View all Fashion and jewellery Scarves Hats Bags Necklaces Earrings Bracelets Accessories T-shirts Brooches Cufflinks Ties View all Homeware Kitchenware Food and drink Collectables Mugs Tea towels and linens Placemats and coasters Beauty Decorations and ornaments View all Books Book sale Book of the Month National Galleries of Scotland books Exhibition books Scottish art books Modern and contemporary art books Children's books Magazines and journals The Watson Gordon Lecture Series Education and art history books Gallery guides Colouring books Poetry gift books View all Toys and games Jigsaws and puzzles Toys and games View all Tickets and memberships Tickets Memberships OR BROWSE OUR SHOP FOR INSPIRATION Custom prints Collection gifts Limited editions Join now Do Ho Suh | Tracing Time Immerse yourself in the wondrous imagination of one of the world’s leading contemporary artists Plan your visit Which gallery do you want to visit? National Open daily, 10am-5pm Home to one of the greatest art collections in the world. Find out more Modern One Open daily, 10am-5pm An outstanding collection of modern and contemporary art. Find out more Modern Two Open daily, 10am-5pm Home to Paolozzi's Studio and incredible highlights of modern art. Find out more Portrait Open daily, 10am-5pm Come face to face with the people who shape Scotland’s past, present and future. Find out more Fly through the new galleries Enjoy this fly through of our new Scottish galleries to get a vivid picture of where your iconic works of Scottish art now reside. Or better yet, come and see them for yourself. Visit the National Browse our shop for art-inspired giftsYour purchases support us to care for and share the nation's collection of world-class art with everyone Shop now Scottish gifts Limited editions Books Inspire me Paolozzi at 100 Custom prints Support us Support us Support our mission to make art work for everyone. Please make a donation or join as a Friend. Donate now Become a Friend Get ready for some incredible art Get ready for some incredible art Join us across our four galleries for exhibitions that are sure to intrigue, fascinate and delight. Making Space | Photographs of Architecture Making Space explores how architecture impacts people’s lives. This free exhibition spans the breadth of the history of photography. It highlights a diverse range of photographic styles, formats and processes dating from the 1840s to the present day. Find out more Your Art World This inclusive display includes work collected over the past year in a nation-wide call out to those aged from 3–18years old. These young artists could be as imaginative as they liked and use any materials of their choice. Find out more Conversations with the Collection Taking over the top level of Modern One, this changing programme of displays offers a brand new way to experience the nation's collection. Find out more Paolozzi at 100 Celebrating 100 years since the birth of Scottish pop artist Eduardo Paolozzi. Discover the colourful life of a cultural icon. Find out more Scotland's Art | Glasgow Girls The Glasgow Girls is a term used to describe a group of women artists and designers who received international recognition for their work between 1885 and 1914. This video is part of a series devoted to Scottish Art, we look at the styles and schools that have shaped Scotland's Art and discover some of the nation’s finest artists. Explore all the videos in this series Art in the collection Art in the collection Explore and search Explore the online collection of artworks dating from the early Renaissance to the present day. Explore and search Artists Browse over a thousand highlighted artists from Scotland’s collection of world class art in our artist A-Z. See all artists Glossary Our art glossary provides context for the terminology used on our site. Explore over 100 terms and discover related artists and artworks Browse the glossary New acquisitions We continue to acquire artworks that enhance and complement Scotland's national collection. See our recent acquistions Keep up to date Keep up to date Subscribe to our newsletters to keep up-to-date with everything happening across all of our sites Click and collect your art gifts Click and collect your art gifts Avoid delivery when you buy online and collect at the National or Modern gallery shops. Shop now Find out more What's on Browse what's on at the galleries below, or filter results to narrow your search. What Exhibitions Displays All events Conferences & seminars Courses & workshops Drop-in events Lectures & talks Music concerts Special events Tours Where Our galleries National Modern Portrait Other venues When On now & coming soon Today This weekend Next 7 days Next 30 days Date range For Show all results or those for: Teachers Adults Communities & access Families & children Friends Young people Custom date From Until Free only Access options Large print labels Wheelchair access Hearing loop Audio described Captioned Signed (British Sign Language) Dementia-Friendly What we do What we do Community and access We invite community and access groups to explore Scotland’s national art collection for free through guided or self-guided visits. These groups also gain free entry to all paying exhibitions. Groups visit About the National Galleries of Scotland We care for, develop, research and display the national collection of Scottish and international art. We aim to engage and inspire through art. About us Commercial services We offer a wide range of commercial services including venue hire for events and filming, product wholesale, image licensing, corporate gifts and book sales. Our services Venue hire The National Galleries of Scotland consists of three galleries in the very heart of Edinburgh, home to the Nation’s collection of art all available to hire for special events. Explore our venues General National Galleries of Scotland +44 (0)131 624 6200 [email protected] Registered Address: National Galleries of Scotland, 73 Belford Road, Edinburgh, EH4 3DS National Galleries of Scotland is a charity registered in Scotland (No. SC003728) Connect Sign up and keep up to date with our newsletter Email: * Social facebookFacebook twitterTwitter instagramInstagram youtubeYoutube About Careers About us Contact us Press office Venue hire Custom prints Legal Copyright and image licensing Manage cookie settings Privacy policy Terms and conditions Website terms of use Accessibility statement