WordPress Real Estate - IDX, RESO Web API, CRM, DDF and VOW Close side menu Get in touch with usAbout Realtyna Contact Us Newsletter Blog In the Media Portfolio Affiliate Program Affiliate Area Affiliates – FAQ’s Terms & Conditions Get a free quote Realtyna Privacy Policy Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Real Estate Tech News 302.525.8222Call today for a FREE Consultation Search Close (302) 525 8222 (650) 336 0000 Request A Demo 0 No products in the cart. Cart Total:$0.0 Search Toggle menu Home Products WordPress Plugin (WPL) Lavender Plans MLS / IDX / RESO MLS On The Fly™ Organic RESO API MLS Integration MLS for Wix (widget) MLS for Houzez MLS for EPL MLS for SquareSpace (widget) MLS for Webflow (Widget) MLS for Hubspot (Widget) Organic VOW Integration Organic Listhub Integration Data Importer Data Exporter MLS Agent ID Mapping MLS Provider Coverage MLS API WPL for Elementor Supported MLSs Lead Generation and Management Channel Manager SMS Add-on Real Estate CRM Advanced Portal Search Membership Add-on Facebook Add-on iOS/Android App Tablet/iPad Apps User Analytics Add-on Zapier Open House Add-on Lead Capture CTA Plugin Home Valuation Add-on Apps TV APP Mobile Apps Tablet Apps Apps Pack White Label Web/App Solution for Brokerages/Providers Mobile Apps Portfolio Advanced Search Tools Advanced Portal Search Complex Add-on Neighborhood Add-on Tags Add-ons Zap Search Add-on Open House Add-on Demographic Tools School Info Add-on Yelp Integration Demographic Add-on User Analytics Add-on Neighborhood Add-on Complex Add-on Social Media Tools Membership Add-on Facebook Add-on Social Impact Add-on Broker/Office Solutions TV APP iOS/Android App Tablet/iPad Apps White Label Web/App Solution for Brokerages/Providers API Plugin Franchise/Brokerage – Multisite Solution Brokerage Add-on Agents Shared Business 3rd Party Synchronization Real Estate CRM API Plugin Zapier Misc. Booking System Review And Rating Add-on Mortgage Add-on Optimizer Add-on Enterprise Solutions MLS Router™ API Franchise/Brokerage – Multisite Solution Mobile Apps TV APP Data Feed Integration Data Feed Generator Real Estate Themes Lavender Theme™ Garnet Theme Sesame Theme Theme28 More Themes Compatibility Services MLS Router™ API Real Estate Cloud Services Premium Web Hosting Ultra Fast Hosting Support How to get support Submit Support Request Knowledge Base Support Coverage Renewal of the Support & Update Package Premium Premium Support Experienced webmasters at your service on hourly basis Real Estate Turnkey website Customization & Design SEO Packages MLS API Real Estate Logo Server Optimization Affiliate Overview FAQ Affiliate Area Media Realtyna Reviews Blogs Portfolio Video blog Realtyna Press Publications Webinars Shop Pricing Bundles Add-on Packages Real Estate Hosting Satisfaction Guarantee Demo Home Products WordPress Plugin (WPL) Lavender Plans MLS / IDX / RESO MLS On The Fly™ Organic RESO API MLS Integration MLS for Wix (widget) MLS for Houzez MLS for EPL MLS for SquareSpace (widget) MLS for Webflow (Widget) MLS for Hubspot (Widget) Organic VOW Integration Organic Listhub Integration Data Importer Data Exporter MLS Agent ID Mapping MLS Provider Coverage MLS API WPL for Elementor Supported MLSs Lead Generation and Management Channel Manager SMS Add-on Real Estate CRM Advanced Portal Search Membership Add-on Facebook Add-on iOS/Android App Tablet/iPad Apps User Analytics Add-on Zapier Open House Add-on Lead Capture CTA Plugin Home Valuation Add-on Apps TV APP Mobile Apps Tablet Apps Apps Pack White Label Web/App Solution for Brokerages/Providers Mobile Apps Portfolio Advanced Search Tools Advanced Portal Search Complex Add-on Neighborhood Add-on Tags Add-ons Zap Search Add-on Open House Add-on Demographic Tools School Info Add-on Yelp Integration Demographic Add-on User Analytics Add-on Neighborhood Add-on Complex Add-on Social Media Tools Membership Add-on Facebook Add-on Social Impact Add-on Broker/Office Solutions TV APP iOS/Android App Tablet/iPad Apps White Label Web/App Solution for Brokerages/Providers API Plugin Franchise/Brokerage – Multisite Solution Brokerage Add-on Agents Shared Business 3rd Party Synchronization Real Estate CRM API Plugin Zapier Misc. Booking System Review And Rating Add-on Mortgage Add-on Optimizer Add-on Enterprise Solutions MLS Router™ API Franchise/Brokerage – Multisite Solution Mobile Apps TV APP Data Feed Integration Data Feed Generator Real Estate Themes Lavender Theme™ Garnet Theme Sesame Theme Theme28 More Themes Compatibility Services MLS Router™ API Real Estate Cloud Services Premium Web Hosting Ultra Fast Hosting Support How to get support Submit Support Request Knowledge Base Support Coverage Renewal of the Support & Update Package Premium Premium Support Experienced webmasters at your service on hourly basis Real Estate Turnkey website Customization & Design SEO Packages MLS API Real Estate Logo Server Optimization Affiliate Overview FAQ Affiliate Area Media Realtyna Reviews Blogs Portfolio Video blog Realtyna Press Publications Webinars Shop Pricing Bundles Add-on Packages Real Estate Hosting Satisfaction Guarantee Demo Scroll up Everything you need under one roof WPL, The most feature-rich platform based on Wordpress Owned License Model One Time License Purchase More than 150,000 Clients from 110 Countries 95% Client Satisfaction – Proven Track Record More than 25 Million Lines Of Code Customization Service100% DEDICATION TOREAL ESTATE TECHNOLOGYREALTYNA® Everything you need under one roof WPL, The most feature-rich platform based on WordPress Owned License Model One Time License Purchase More than 150,000 Clients from 110 Countries 95% Client Satisfaction – Proven Track Record More than 25 Million Lines Of Code Customization ServiceAll You Need For Your Real Estate Website Under One RoofWPL Powerful & Feature-rich CoreFlexible & Dynamic Data StructureFlexible Design and ThemesWide Range of Add-onsSearch Engine FriendlyAnd much more... Advanced Android / iOS Mobile Apps Custom Brand: Publish it under your name Automatic Listing Sync with WPL and MLS Slick & Smooth Impressive Map SearchAnd more...REAL ESTATE MOBILE APPS Mobile App Lead Generation & Management Lead Monitoring Multiple Lead Assignments Methods Unlimited Agent Support Communications through ticketing system Flexible Email Notifications Possibility of SMS Notifications Event Management and SyncAnd moreREAL ESTATE CRMCRM Cloud Server Support Optimized for Real Estate Optimized for MLS Integration Valid Server IP Address Full CPanel/ DB / FTP Access Very ScalableAll You Need For Your Real Estate Website, Under One RoofHOSTING WELCOME TO Realtyna® If you are looking for a flexible, scalable and affordable web / mobile solution for your Real Estate business, you are in the right place. ALL YOU NEED FOR YOUR REAL ESTATE WEBSITE UNDER ONE ROOF Some Important Facts About Realtyna® Solutions WPL An independent full platform based on the most famous CMS: WordPress, with hundreds of features and lots of useful add-ons 25 Million+ Lines of Codes Only for Real Estate technology Organic Data Feed Integration A number of different add-ons for covering all standard data feed integration: MLS, IDX, RESO, XML, CSV, DDF and VOW Top Notch Mobile Apps Android / iOS native apps that can be re-branded and published for you Enterprise Solutions MLS RESO Server, Franchise/Brokerage Multisite Solutions Clientele Proven track record from 2007, with 270,000+ Downloads Customer Service / Support Exceptional customer service with the highest client satisfaction rates One year of complimentary support Optional support renewal from the second year License Model Owned License Model; One time payment Lifetime Updates for the majority of the products Hosting / Server Choose any hosting provider that meets Realtyna® technical requirements. Realtyna® also offers optional managed hosting optimized for our solutions Portfolio Dynamic real estate web design and WordPress IDX—it's a powerful combo. Here you’ll find the best realtor websites we’ve created in our 10+ years of experience. Video Blog What is IDX? What is a RESO feed? How do I get an MLS data feed on my site? Can I use IDX on WordPress? Have all your questions answered in our video blog. Affiliate If you sell IDX solutions, build real estate websites, work with WordPress IDX plugins, or do real estate website design, consider our affiliate program. 10+Years of Experience 25 MillionLines of Codes for Real Estate Applications 270,000+Downloads 95%+Client Satisfaction Rate Realtyna® Mobile Application Publish an iPhone/Android Real Estate App for Your own Brand! Realtyna® has developed a very advanced and fast Mobile App, that can be rebranded and paired with our client’s website to show their listings on both Android and iOS. More Info Demo Websites Looking to test our products before you buy? We’ve built two demo sites (one for our base package, one with our suite of add-ons). These sites are populated with sample data for you to learn the functionalities of our platform. If you’d like to try our products with full admin access, contact us for a development area built just for you. WPL PRO + ADD-ONSWPL PRO THEY SAY Hennie BothaWhen you get prompt and excellent support for the free version of a product, you know that you found a company that values you as a customer and believes in their product. Thank you so much!Hennie Botha - https://stay.dumel.co.za/HenryIf you are looking to start your online wp website in the property industry, I strongly recommend realtyna. this plugin provides a solid basic functionalities with various options that enable you to build your property website according to your needs. It covers pretty much everything that a regular property agency company needs and structure in a way that you can learn to construct & operate relatively easily. Yes you will encounter difficulties and obstacles while you are using this plugin, but the technical team from this plugin will assist you along the way, even including WP questions. Yes this plugin might cost a lot as you choose to add more widgets / additional features with it, but I can assure you that it is worth the value for the long run. Value for money:5/5, perfect for starter Support: 5/5, respond time is subject to the time zone in the US. Knowledge Base: 2/5 (recommend to use the ticket support directly)HenryLex ThavaI have been working with them for the past two years. What a fabulous system, support and a bunch folks here. Super fast to respond to support tickets. I will continue working them and utilising technology for my business. Amy, Owen, Tonya and the rest of the team, you guys are great.Lex Thava - https://oakvillelistings.ca/Nicolas RomoRealtyna offers a great solution with a myriad of real estate plug-ins and options in order to improve your sites SEO and offer visitors a simple navigation experience. I can't wait for my website's traffic to improve and, ultimately, my leads.Nicolas Romo - http://realtyconnectiongroup.com/Anastasia DvorakRealtyna is an incredible company with an amazing support team. That's what truly makes it shine. Thomas and the team have been integral to our website's success, and I can't imagine working with anyone more professional, responsive and understanding. Thomas replied to my emails in the evenings and on weekends AND DURING THE WEEK- who does that? The level of responsiveness and communication is impressive! This company truly cares about your success and your website, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to elevate their real estate business. We are truly grateful for all the support and help provided. In the last 15 years, this has been the only company that provided such a high level of support and stood behind their product. Thank you for all that you do.Anastasia Dvorak - https://calgaryinfillsguide.com/ Our Partners GPL COMPATIBLE PRODUCTS Headquarters Location Information: Realtyna® Inc., 200 Continental Drive, Suite 401, Newark, DE 19713 USA Tel: Delaware: (302) 525 8222 California: (650) 336 0000 (650) 336 0000 Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Real Estate Tech News Latest From Our BlogOG Tags for Real Estate Websites: Complete GuideMarch 3, 2024How To Write A Real Estate Bio + TemplateFebruary 28, 2024Real Estate Email Address Ideas: Be DifferentFebruary 24, 2024 Change Logs WPL Changelog WPL Add-ons Changelog Theme28 Changelog In the Media Realtyna Introduces RealtyFeed: A Disruptive Social Network Built to Host the Next Generation of Real Estate Professionals What Makes Your Real Estate Website Unique AI and Its Possible Impact on Real Estate More … Copyright © 2024 Realtyna® Inc. All rights reserved. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.We do not sell or share your personal data.Cookie settingsACCEPTxPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Got Questions? Need More Info/Demo? Name(Required) PhoneEmail(Required) MessageI'd prefer to receive:(Required) Call Zoom Presentation Email Pricing Chat CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Realtyna Privacy Policy Statement CLOSE Request A Demo Please fill out the form to learn more about Realtyna’s Web Solutions & Email Offers. Name(Required) Phone(Required)Email(Required) MessageI'd Prefer CALL CHAT ZOOM PRESENTATION EMAIL PRICING CAPTCHA CLOSE Register to see the Bundle Pricing Sign up to unlock the pricing Already Have An Account? Login to unlock the pricing ×