GeekWire – Breaking News in Technology & Business Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups presented by CIBC Space Geek Life Podcasts Civic presented by Microsoft Sustainability Health/Life Sciences Tech Moves presented by TalentReach Accenture at AWS re:Invent 2023 sponsored by Accenture AWS Marketplace Seller Conference 2023 Spotlights sponsored by AWS Bot or Not presented by Google Cloud Guide to re:Invent sponsored by AWS Money Hacks presented by BECU Uncommon Thinkers Welcome sponsored by Greater Seattle Partners Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Lists Amazon Office Buildings GeekWire 200 GeekWire Startup List GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup Spaces Layoff Tracker Northwest Women VC & Angel Investor List Recent Fundings M&As and IPOs Seattle Engineering Outposts Venture Capital Directory Membership Memberships Health Benefits About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST NEWS Blue Origin targets 2025 for cargo lander’s inaugural moon trip, with humans to follow Latest News Most Popular Agility Robotics names new CEO: Peggy Johnson, former Magic Leap CEO and Microsoft exec by Todd Bishop on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 1:23 pm Peggy Johnson, the former Microsoft executive who stepped down as Magic Leap CEO last fall, is the new CEO of Agility Robotics, the Corvalis, Ore.-based company known for the Digit… Read More Peer-to-peer laundry startup Loopie acquires Bidbud, a gig economy job-bidding platform by Kurt Schlosser on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 11:31 am Loopie, the Seattle peer-to-peer laundry service, announced the acquisition Monday of Bidbud, a gig economy platform that allows clients to post job opportunities that can be bid on by freelancers… Read More Sponsored Post Three Things Tech Companies Need to Know About Potential Banking Partners The tech financing landscape looks a lot different than it did at the beginning of 2023. Banks of all shapes and sizes have entered the technology banking universe for the… Read More Blue Origin targets 2025 for cargo lander’s inaugural moon trip, with humans to follow by Alan Boyle on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 1:58 pm Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin space venture is aiming to send an uncrewed lander to the surface of the moon in the next 12 to 16 months, according to the executive… Read More Video Data from Seattle food delivery drivers shows higher hourly earnings, but less customer demand by Taylor Soper on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 10:44 am Seattle-area gig workers are making higher hourly wages while they’re delivering food for platforms such as Uber Eats and DoorDash following the implementation of a new minimum wage law. But… Read More Latest GeekWire Videos Subscribe for daily video updates. Why India’s thriving software talent base is important for the Seattle innovation ecosystem by Kellan Carter on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 9:21 am Editor’s note: This guest post was written by Kellan Carter, founding partner at Bellevue, Wash.-based venture capital firm FUSE. On a recent trip to India, something caught my attention inside… Read More Video Protein design pioneer David Baker on why sharing code is key to building biotech startups by Charlotte Schubert on March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 at 3:17 pm The Institute for Protein Design at the University of Washington is a startup factory, spinning out companies developing new protein-based therapeutics, industrial enzymes, materials, biosensors and more. A key to… Read More Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Feb. 25, 2024 by GeekWire on March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 at 8:00 am See the technology stories that people were reading on GeekWire for the week of Feb. 25, 2024.… Read More News Brief Pfizer to close Seagen manufacturing plant in Seattle area following $43B acquisition by Taylor Soper on March 2, 2024March 2, 2024 at 8:23 am Pharma giant Pfizer, fresh off its $43 billion acquisition of Seagen, said it will shut down construction on a new 270,000 square-foot manufacturing facility Seagen was building north of Seattle… Read More Bot or Not Can AI boost clean energy efforts? Tech and policy leaders discuss solutions in Seattle ‘We don’t want to be left behind’: Tech leaders bullish about generative AI amid the hype Can AI improve your dating game? Startup’s speech analysis tool offers practice and feedback New study on coding behavior raises questions about impact of AI on software development For more about the evolving relationship between humans and machines, check out Bot or Not. Video Seattle vanlife gurus see tech and AI’s potential as a copilot, to boost human connections on road trips by Kurt Schlosser on March 2, 2024March 1, 2024 at 8:04 pm With all the makings of a buddy road trip adventure, two longtime Seattle friends and tech veterans have teamed up to breathe new life into a popular travel app under… Read More Play Episode Podcast How Microsoft, T-Mobile, and Amazon use big bets to build durable businesses in turbulent times by Todd Bishop on March 2, 2024March 2, 2024 at 7:56 am Play At the outset of their new book, “Big Bet Leadership,” authors John Rossman and Kevin McCaffrey identify three “mega forces” that they believe could define the years ahead for businesses… Read More Civic Data from Seattle food delivery drivers shows higher hourly earnings, but less customer demand Uber and Lyft drivers will get expanded death benefits thanks to new Washington state law Rivian, Lucid and other EVs stuck in park by failed effort to change car sales laws in Washington Seattle City Council President Sara Nelson ‘very worried’ about fallout from food delivery shake-up Read more about tech policy, urban development, transportation, housing, the environment, regulation, and issues impacting the innovcation economy. Civic. Transplant organ freezing and rewarming technique wins U. of Washington health innovation challenge by Kurt Schlosser on March 1, 2024March 4, 2024 at 11:24 am A team working on prolonging the lifespan of transplant organs took home the top prize in the 9th annual Hollomon Health Innovation Challenge at the University of Washington. BioLegacy, made up of… Read More 5 days in the office? Some tech startups are bringing workers together all week, every week by Todd Bishop on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 at 11:07 am BELLEVUE, Wash. — At precisely 2 p.m. Pacific time on a recent Monday afternoon, employees of the technology startup Statsig were alerted to their regular standup meeting not by a… Read More GeekWire Podcasts How Microsoft, T-Mobile, and Amazon use big bets to build durable businesses in turbulent times Seattle after Techstars: Former managing director reflects on accelerator’s impact, looks ahead GeekWire Podcast: Techstars Seattle’s demise leaves a gap in the startup market GeekWire Podcast: OpenAI’s Sora, a new Amazon book, and 5 days a week in the office Listen to more GeekWire Podcasts. Tech Moves: AWS vet lands at health startup; Lumen hires longtime Microsoft GM; ex-Qualtrics exec joins Typeform board by Taylor Soper on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 at 1:38 pm — Harshit Shah, a former head of engineering at Amazon Web Services, is now chief technology officer at Boston, Mass-based healthcare software company Kyruus Health. Shah, based in the Seattle… Read More Univ. of Washington’s famed cherry blossoms have some bright, tech-infused competition on campus by Kurt Schlosser on March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 at 7:46 am The cherry blossoms at the University of Washington offer a spectacular welcome to spring every year on the school’s Seattle campus. Thursday night, a brightly shining, tech-infused tree in front… Read More Clean energy and power grid projects in Washington land federal and state funding by Lisa Stiffler on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 at 4:36 pm Clean energy projects for Washington groups including public utilities, the Yakama Nation, and others will receive funding from grants announced this week by the U.S. Department of Energy and the… Read More With $1.2B in assets, the Paul Allen Family Foundation evolves — and stays true to PNW roots by Lisa Stiffler on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 at 3:49 pm Paul Allen is synonymous with philanthropic giving in the Pacific Northwest. Thirty-six years ago, the late Microsoft co-founder and his sister Jody Allen created their family foundation, which grants more… Read More Seattle studio Ridgeline Games, led by ‘Halo’ co-creator, closes as part of EA cuts by Thomas Wilde on February 29, 2024March 1, 2024 at 8:24 am A new wave of layoffs at video game mega-studio Electronic Arts has multiple impacts on the Pacific Northwest gaming industry, including the end of development on a Star Wars video… Read More News Brief Seattle biotech company Kineta lays off majority of staff, including its CEO by Taylor Soper on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 at 10:50 am Kineta announced Thursday that it is laying off 64% of its workforce, or seven employees — including its CEO Shawn Iadonato — as it undergoes a restructuring process. 2024 GeekWire Awards nominations close today, so act fast to honor the best in Pacific NW tech by Kurt Schlosser on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 at 8:58 am You’ve probably met plenty of deadlines for code releases, product launches and anything else tech related that makes sense, so here’s another timely item to take care of: get your… Read More Oceanography professors transform a research tool into a startup that’s sucking CO2 from seawater by Lisa Stiffler on February 29, 2024March 4, 2024 at 4:29 pm A decade ago, University of Washington oceanographers Julian Sachs and Alex Gagnon were working in a tropical paradise, studying the impacts of climate change on coral reefs surrounding remote islands… Read More Former AWS engineers raise $3M to take on tech giants with ‘world’s fastest spreadsheet’ by Taylor Soper on February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 at 8:42 am When a spreadsheet gets big, your computer can get slow. Row Zero wants to help. The Seattle startup that describes its product as the “world’s fastest spreadsheet” just raised $3… Read More Global health nonprofit PATH moving to new HQ space in Seattle that was once home to Tableau by Kurt Schlosser on February 29, 2024February 28, 2024 at 6:01 pm PATH, the global health nonprofit, is moving to a new headquarters space in Seattle’s Fremont neighborhood after 15 years in South Lake Union. PATH announced a lease agreement Thursday with… Read More Video Computer scientist Cecilia Aragon traces her trajectory from stunt flying to a startup by Alan Boyle on February 28, 2024March 1, 2024 at 7:39 am BELLEVUE, Wash. — Three decades ago, Cecilia Aragon made aviation history as the first Latina to earn a place on the U.S. Unlimited Aerobatic Team. She went on to write… Read More Uber and Lyft drivers will get expanded death benefits thanks to new Washington state law by Taylor Soper on February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 at 12:20 pm The families of drivers in Washington state working for transportation network companies such as Uber and Lyft will receive enhanced survivor death benefits under a new bill passed by state… Read More Glowforge gets in legal tangle with tech ‘activist’ who questions safety of startup’s laser engravers by Kurt Schlosser on February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 at 9:45 am Glowforge, the Seattle-based maker of 3D laser engravers, has been tangled in a legal dispute with a Las Vegas man who claimed online for years that the startup is selling… Read More Former Textio CEO Kieran Snyder dives into new research on how AI is impacting the workplace by Kurt Schlosser on February 28, 2024March 1, 2024 at 7:39 am Kieran Snyder, the co-founder and former CEO of Seattle-based Textio, has launched her next project, less than two months after stepping back from the augmented writing startup. In an email… Read More SpaceX and Microsoft vets raise $5.4M for Gradial, a Seattle startup using generative AI for marketing by Taylor Soper on February 28, 2024February 28, 2024 at 9:26 am Gradial, a new Seattle startup using generative AI to help marketing operations teams increase productivity, raised $5.4 million in a seed investment round led by Madrona. Founded last year by… Read More Play Episode Podcast Seattle after Techstars: Former managing director reflects on accelerator’s impact, looks ahead by Todd Bishop on February 28, 2024March 1, 2024 at 7:39 am Play Entrepreneur and investor Chris DeVore had an inside view of Techstars Seattle as one of the original leaders of the local startup accelerator in 2010, before serving as its managing… Read More Tech Moves: Instacart COO lands at Microsoft in AI product role; ZoomInfo accounting chief departs by Taylor Soper on February 27, 2024February 28, 2024 at 1:52 pm Asha Sharma is headed back to Seattle full-time for a new role leading product for Microsoft’s AI platform. Sharma was most recently at Instacart, where she was chief operating officer… Read More News Brief Redfin trims losses in Q4 as it navigates ‘dreadful’ housing market by Taylor Soper on February 27, 2024February 27, 2024 at 1:21 pm Redfin shares were down more than 2% in after-hours trading after the company reported its fourth quarter earnings. Related: Redfin targeted in new commissions suit blasting buyer agents via RealEstateNews.com. Older Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters today! GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday Breaking News Alerts - Important news as it happens GeekWire Startups - News, analysis, insights from the Pacific Northwest startup ecosystem, delivered Friday GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers 2023 GeekWire AwardsSee More Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip Job Listings on GeekWorkSee More Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. See MoreGeekWire Events GeekWire Podcast See MoreStartup Resources For more helpful startup resources, see the GeekWire Service Provider Directory. MacDonald Hoague & Bayless Legal Services Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati Legal Services See MoreSeattle Engineering CentersTrack companies with engineering centers in the Seattle region Ivanti Enterprise Software | Security Databricks Artificial Intelligence | Big Data A Word From Our Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday Breaking News Alerts - Important news as it happens GeekWire Startups - News, analysis, insights from the Pacific Northwest startup ecosystem, delivered Friday GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Read GeekWire Apple News Google News Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sponsored Content Policy Return to Top of Page © 2011-2024 GeekWire, LLC