Reading Eagle – Reading, PA News, Sports, Weather, Things to Do Skip to content All Sections Subscribe Now 46°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 E-Edition Home Page Close MenuNews News Election Coronavirus South Schuylkill News Berks Country Education Health History Politics Spotted Lanternfly Ask the Eagle Transportation Pennsylvania News Sports Sports Berks Game Day High School Sports Penn State College Sports Philadelphia Phillies Reading Royals NFL MLB NBA NHL Motorsports Things To Do Things to Do Entertainment Restaurants Food and Drink Home and Garden Pets and Animals Travel Fashion Parenting and Family Events Business Business Local Businesses Business Spotlight Form Newsmakers Form Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Local Columnists How to leave feedback Obituaries Obituaries News Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Place An Ad Jobs Public Notices Contact Us Tools Contact Us Submission Forms Gas Buddy Reproductions Newspapers in Education Newspapers in Education contest Patriot Item Subscribe Special Sections Login Logout Close Menu Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up to submit an obituary For information on submitting an obituary, please contact Reading Eagle by phone at 610-371-5018, or email at obituaries@readingeagle.com or fax at 610-371-5193. Most obituaries published in the Reading Eagle are submitted through funeral homes and cremation services, but we will accept submissions from families. Obituaries can be emailed to obituaries@readingeagle.com. In addition to the text of the obituary, any photographs that you wish to include can be attached to this email. Please put the text of the obituary in a Word document, a Google document or in the body of the email. The Reading Eagle also requires a way to verify the death, so please include either the phone number of the funeral home or cremation service that is in charge of the deceased's care or a photo of his/her death certificate. We also request that your full name, phone number and address are all included in this email. All payments by families must be made with a credit card. We will send a proof of the completed obituary before we require payment. The obituary cannot run, however, until we receive payment in full. Obituaries can be submitted for any future date, but they must be received no later than 3:00 p.m. the day prior to its running for it to be published. Please call the obituary desk, at 610-371-5018, for information on pricing. Subscribe Log in Account Settings Contact Us Log Out Spoof a user Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Subscribe Log in Search Reading Eagle 46°F Tuesday, March 5th 2024 E-Edition News Sports Things to Do Business Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Special Sections TRENDING: Health | Primary election 2024 guide Featured SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Kutztown University’s organic farming program gets $1.5 million state grant The new agriculture program is preparing students to lead a growing industry, officials said. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Player charged with hitting a referee over foul call during soccer game in Berks SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Reading’s Olivet Boys & Girls Club names interim CEO SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Pennsylvania businesses are receiving use tax notices. Here’s how to respond. SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Berks Career and Technology Center students working on out-of-this-world project Latest Headlines SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Homeowner wants ‘vagabond’ camp closed along Schuylkill River 7 hours ago Health | Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce makes tearful retirement announcement after 13 years in the NFL 23 hours ago Health | Teenager dead, 4 other people wounded in Philadelphia bus stop shooting, police say 4 hours ago SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Business Weekly Agenda for March 5 9 hours ago Health | Nashville cleared the runway for an emergency. Pilot said ‘I’m too far away’ 1 hour ago Health | Flyers Notebook: Tortorella’s team foremost in trade buzz … so he doesn’t say 18 hours ago Health | CONCACAF Champions League: Union trying to build on history of success against Mexican teams 19 hours ago Sign up for email newsletters Sign Up Most PopularMost PopularPlayer charged with hitting a referee over foul call during soccer game in BerksPlayer charged with hitting a referee over foul call during soccer game in BerksReading woman accused of under ringing at Walmart self checkout in easten BerksReading woman accused of under ringing at Walmart self checkout in easten BerksHomeowner wants ‘vagabond’ camp closed along Schuylkill RiverHomeowner wants ‘vagabond’ camp closed along Schuylkill RiverOley Valley School District ends emergency shelter contract with American Red CrossOley Valley School District ends emergency shelter contract with American Red CrossReading Rocks for sale but will remain a climbing gym, owner saysReading Rocks for sale but will remain a climbing gym, owner saysWest Reading man accused of threatening people with gunWest Reading man accused of threatening people with gunWanted in Berks: March 3, 2024Wanted in Berks: March 3, 2024Reading’s Olivet Boys & Girls Club names interim CEOReading's Olivet Boys & Girls Club names interim CEOMeta: Facebook, Instagram users find themselves suddenly logged outMeta: Facebook, Instagram users find themselves suddenly logged outPhiladelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce makes tearful retirement announcement after 13 years in the NFLPhiladelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce makes tearful retirement announcement after 13 years in the NFL Election Health | Federal appeals court to decide if Pennsylvania mail-in ballots with wrong date still count Ari Savitzky, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union representing several voter groups, told the court that more than 10,000 ballots in Pennsylvania were disqualified in 2022 based on what he called “a meaningless paperwork error.” SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | ‘That’s not my signature,’ 4 Chester County officials say after names found on petitions of PA auditor general candidate Health | Primary 2024: Here’s who is running to represent Berks in Harrisburg [Updated] SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Primary election 2024: Here’s who is running to represent Berks in Washington Sports Health | Berks County Golf Association announces schedule for 2024 The Berks Amateur will be held at LedgeRock Golf Club from July 1-2 SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | New-look Reading Rebels basketball team set for home opener, 2024 season Health | Three Berks girls basketball teams qualify for PIAA playoffs Health | Six Berks boys basketball teams qualify for PIAA playoffs Chocolate Factory Explosion SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | West Reading chocolate factory explosion: Lawmakers propose eliminating problematic pipe linked to blast U.S. Reps. Chrissy Houlahan and Dan Meuser have introduced legislation to eliminate the problematic piping that caused the blast. Health | West Reading chocolate factory explosion: Coroner releases final causes of death for the 7 victims Health | West Reading chocolate factory explosion: R.M. Palmer pushes back on federal agency’s claim company was responsible for deaths [Update] Health | West Reading chocolate factory explosion: Federal investigation blames R.M. Palmer Co. for blast deaths [Updated] Crime and Public Safety Health | Philadelphia LGBTQ leaders arrested in traffic stop the mayor calls ‘concerning’ "A video circulating on social media that depicts a portion of the incident is very... Health | Reading woman accused of under ringing at Walmart self checkout in easten Berks SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | West Reading man accused of threatening people with gun Health | Wanted in Berks: March 3, 2024 Opinion Health | Meuser: Any additional aid to Ukraine must come with accountability and oversight {opinion} Republican congressman says he supports continued aid to Ukraine but has concerns about what's been... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Everyday ethics: Childlike vs. childish Health | Agriculture industry hurt by tariffs [opinion] Health | Passion, purpose and path: Educating for an evolving workforce [opinion] Business Health | 6 ways to spring clean your bank accounts Spring cleaning isn’t just for your closets or attic. It can apply to your finances,... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Newsmakers for March 3 Health | Why don’t some millennials want kids? They say it’s too expensive SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Reading Rocks for sale but will remain a climbing gym, owner says Berks Country SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Berks Christmas Bird Counts record new highs and lows The American Tree Sparrow, seen on the previous 113 Reading Christmas Bird Counts, failed to... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | 3 brothers’ journeys to become dairy farmers in Berks SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | PA Dairy of Distinction award applications are due by April 15 SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | Berks Country calendar for Jan. 24 Photos and Videos Health | 5 tips for taking better photos with your cell phone Want to up your cell phone photography game? Pay attention to the composition and try... SUBSCRIBER ONLY Health | A holiday weekend getaway to Sausalito Health | What to watch: 'Poor Things' is strange and totally worth your time Health | Photo gallery: 2023 in review Trending Nationally Teen killed in Michigan explosion, fire chief saysOsceola sheriff apologizes after posting photo of dead body on InstagramSupreme Court restores Trump to 2024 ballotCapt. Charlie Griffin, ‘Wicked Tuna’ star, dies in boating accident on the Outer BanksMiley Cyrus confronted mom Tish about marrying sister Noah’s ex: report Subscribe Subscriber Services Sign Up For Newsletters e-Edition Submit News Contact Us Work With Us Newspapers in Education Newspapers in Education contest Media News Group The Times Herald Daily Local News The Mercury The Reporter The Trentonian Delaware Co Daily Times About Us Submission Forms iOS App Android App Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap Classifieds Place Classified Ad Public Notices Advertising Inquiry Network Advertising Jobs Subscribe Now Terms of Use Cookie Policy Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Notice of Financial Incentive California Notice at Collection Arbitration MediaNews Group Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group Close