INDY Week: Raleigh/Durham/Chapel Hill News, Culture, Music Choose what you receive. Whether you want daily updates or a weekly round-up, we've got what you need. The Daily Morning headlines from around the Triangle to get you ready for the day. Insider A guide to this week's newest stories. Field Guide Our weekly roundup of arts and culture coverage. Events Thursday newsletter offers our editor's picks for the weekend. Best of the Triangle Keep up-to-date on "Best of the Triangle" news, including nomination and voting dates. Partner Promotions Promotions from our partners, including giveaways, deals and more. Close SUPPORT US Search for: Search BEST OF ▲ News Open dropdown menu Elections Durham County Wake County Orange County North Carolina Op-ed 15 Minutes Quickbait Letters to the Editor Ninth Street Journal Culture Open dropdown menu Art Screen Stage Page Etc. Music Food & Drink Calendar Newsletters Facebook Page Twitter Username Instagram Close Skip to content INDY Week BEST OF ▲ News Open dropdown menu Elections Durham County Wake County Orange County North Carolina Op-ed 15 Minutes Quickbait Letters to the Editor Ninth Street Journal Culture Open dropdown menu Art Screen Stage Page Etc. Music Food & Drink Calendar Newsletters SUPPORT US Open Search Search for: Search SUPPORT US Menu Home Elections Mike Woodard vs. Sophia Chitlik: A Campaign Finance Analysis PAC spending and out-of-state contributions from wealthy donors are fueling the NC Senate District 22 Democratic primary. by Lena Geller Elections INDY’s 2024 Primary Elections Voter Guide Elections INDY’s 2024 Primary Election Coverage Elections The INDY’s 2024 Primary Election Live Blog: It’s Primary Election Day in the Triangle—Go Vote! News Bull City Summit’s Discontents Elections NC Senate Candidates Woodard and Chitlik Differ on How to Handle Being in the Minority Elections Ahead of Election, Orange County Schools Board Members and Candidates Look to Superintendent to Forge a Path Forward Best of the Triangle Nominations Open for “Best of Wake County 2024” DURHAM COUNTY Op-Ed: Durham’s Council Can Support Local Communities by Rejecting ShotSpotter by taari felice Meet the Candidate: Renee Vaughan for Durham County Board of Commissioners Meet the Candidate: Jovonia Lewis for Durham County Board of Commissioners WAKE COUNTY Wake County Democratic Party Sees Opportunity to Pick Up a Judge’s Seat in Wake’s District 10 Court by Jasmine Gallup 2024 Primary Candidate Questionnaires: Wake County Breast Cancer Cluster Suspected at NC State’s Poe Hall, Contaminated with PCBs ORANGE COUNTY Op-Ed: UNC Should Cut Ties With Starbucks by Haya Odeh 2024 Primary Candidate Questionnaires: Orange County A New Documentary Tells the Story of a Chapel Hill Hate Crime NORTH CAROLINA Disney “Storyliving” Residential Community Coming to Pittsboro in 2027 by Chase Pellegrini de Paur Antiques Roadshow’s Raleigh Episodes to Air in April The Women’s World Cup Will Be Bigger Than Ever This Year—Especially in North Carolina, Where Soccer Stars Are Born. ARTS & CULTURE Downtown Durham to Get a Bouldering Gym This Fall by Lena Geller Arts & Culture The Indoor Climbing Industry Is Booming, but the Transition Has Changed the Sport Food & Drink The INDY’s 2024 Guide to Triangle Bars and Drink Spots MUSIC Heavy Hitters Sylvan Esso Bring New Two-Day Music Festival to Durham by Sam Overton Music Dexter Romweber, Raucous Torchbearer of the Power Duo, Dead at 57 Music Chamber Orchestra of the Triangle Fellows Bring the Magic of Music to Local Schoolchildren FOOD & DRINK In Raleigh, a Hot New Bar Comes With a Twist by Jasmine Gallup Food & Drink Old Hillside Bourbon Company Serves Up History With Its Spirits Food & Drink Behind the Bar With Bruce Kenyon Sign up for INDY newsletters The best of INDY Week’s fiercely independent journalism about the Triangle delivered straight to your inbox. The Daily Morning headlines from around the Triangle to get you ready for the day. Field Guide Our weekly roundup of arts and culture coverage. Insider A guide to this week's newest stories. Events Thursday newsletter offers our editor's picks for the weekend. Elections Meet the Candidate: Fredrick Davis for Durham County Board of Commissioners “I’m running as a community activist. What sets me apart is my integrity as a servant leader.” Elections Meet the Candidate: Michelle Burton for Durham County Board of Commissioners “I do have a unique perspective. I’m a longtime career educator, teacher, librarian. I am a labor organizer and I’m an education activist.” Elections Meet the Candidate: Nimasheena Burns for Durham County Board of Commissioners “We don’t want you to bring a company here that is not paying above a living wage. And we don’t want you to come here unless you can commit to working with women and minority businesses.” STAGE A Tale of Two “Misery” Productions by Byron Woods 2023 Fall Arts Preview: What Triangle Theater to See by Byron Woods The ArtsCenter Finds New Ground at Its New Home—And Fortuitously Leaves Its Former Digs to an Emerging Theater Company by Byron Woods A Guide to Second Stage Productions at Burning Coal by Byron Woods ART Scene on the Radio’s Sixth Season is a Tale of Two White Supremacist Coups New season “Echoes of a Coup” hones in on the 1898 Wilmington massacre and its reverberations today. by Chase Pellegrini de Paur Talking With Iron & Wine’s Sam Beam About His First Visual Arts Exhibition On view now at Peel Gallery in Carrboro, the exhibit is the latest expression of Beam’s seemingly inexhaustible creative drive. by Tasso Hartzog North Carolina Museum of Art’s First Picasso Now On Display The museum’s new West Building is always worth a visit, but now, there’s a brand new attraction. by Jasmine Gallup PAGE Talking With DéLana R. A. Dameron About Her Debut Novel, “Redwood Court” Dameron, a graduate of UNC-Chapel Hill, has a reading at Flyleaf Bookstore on February 6. by Katie Mgongolwa Jill McCorkle Loves the Threat of Fairy Tales Talking with the Hillsborough writer on the heels of her new short story collection, “Old Crimes: And Other Stories.” by Shelbi Polk Triangle-Based Illustrator Dare Coulter Wins Coretta Scott King Award Coulter, who won for her mixed-media illustrations in the children’s book ‘An American Story,’ is one of the youngest people ever to win the award. by Lena Geller SCREEN Hayti Heritage Film Festival Returns With Full Slate of In-Person Programming This year’s program, themed around “Homecoming,” will feature 32 films over three days. by Sam Overton Incoming! Road Trip Capers, German Parables, and Bob Marley Suggestions and potential options for a night out at the movies in February. by Glenn McDonald In ‘Freud’s Last Session,’ Two Great Thinkers Square Off The rolling conversation between Freud and C.S. Lewis covers a lot of ground. God. Death. Sex. Free will. Despair. Fathers. Daughters. War. Morphine. Dental prostheses. by Glenn McDonald Home News Culture Music Food & Drink Calendar Newsletters Sponsored Content Support the INDY Manage Your Membership Advertise Contact Us Submit Find A Paper Code of Ethics Privacy Policy Print Editions Puzzles Page INDY WEEK • P.O. Box 1772, Durham, NC 27702 • 919-666-7229 © 2024 INDY Week. Powered by Newspack Facebook Page Twitter Username Instagram