CBS News - Breaking news, 24/7 live streaming news & top stories Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Essentials Watch CBS News Supreme Court says Trump can appear on 2024 ballot, overturning Colorado ruling The Supreme Court ruled in favor of former President Donald Trump in a case challenging his eligibility for the 2024 ballot in Colorado. 6H ago Read the Supreme Court's opinion in the Trump ballot eligibility case Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The state law known as SB4 would empower Texas officials to stop, jail and prosecute migrants on state criminal charges of illegal entry or reentry. 7H ago Donald Trump wins North Dakota caucuses, CBS News projects The win comes one day after Nikki Haley won the Washington, D.C., Republican presidential primary, her first victory in 2024. 4H ago CBS News Live Live New lawsuit blames Smokehouse Creek fire on power company A new lawsuit claims a falling utility pole caused the tragic Smokehouse Creek fire in the Texas Panhandle. 5H ago Which states vote on Super Tuesday 2024? There are hundreds of delegates up for grabs in 16 states and one territory for both Democrats and Republicans on Super Tuesday. 2H ago SpaceX launches 76 satellites in back-to-back launches from both coasts SpaceX launched three Falcon 9 rockets within 20 hours, including two Monday just one hour and 50 minutes apart. 5H ago Retired Army officer charged with sharing classified Ukraine info on dating site "Beloved Dave, do NATO and Biden have a secret plan to help us," an unnamed person asked retired Army officer David Slater in one message. 7H ago GM recalls nearly 820,000 pickups over latch safety issue Mechanism used to open the gate of some Chevy Silverado and GMC Sierra trucks could short circuit, GM said. 8H ago Eagles center Jason Kelce officially announces retirement Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce on Monday officially retired from the NFL during a press conference at NovaCare Complex. 8H ago Migrant crossings along the southern border increase as officials prepare for larger spike The increase in illegal entries from January indicates that migration is rebounding heading into the spring, when migrant arrivals have spiked in recent years. 6H ago Doctors hopeful Ozempic, Wegovy may help treat alcohol addiction Several clinical trials are underway to see if semaglutide, the active ingredient in weight loss drugs like Wegovy and Ozempic, can also help treat alcohol addiction. 6H ago Bald eagle parents squabble over whose turn it is to keep the eggs warm Bald eagle Jackie laid three eggs in January. Since then, she and Shadow have taken turns keeping the eggs warm as thousands have watched via a live cam. 6H ago Tourist camping with her husband is gang raped in India The attack took place on Friday night in eastern India in Jharkhand state's Dumka district, where the couple were camping. 17H ago Missing Nashville woman found dead in creek as police search for her car The body of a woman found dead in a Nashville creek has been identified as 44-year-old Emily Bradley. Her death is being investigated as a homicide. 12H ago New frescoes found in ash of Pompeii 2,000 years after Vesuvius eruption One fresco depicts a scene from the Greek myth of Phrixus and his twin sister Helle, as they fled their stepmother on a magical ram with the Golden Fleece. 20H ago Deciphering the ancient scrolls of Herculaneum | 60 Minutes Archive Scroll buried by Vesuvius eruption deciphered after 2,000 years Bitcoin prices near record high. Here's why. Bitcoin has been rising in value since the end of 2023 and is now close to breaking its all-time record high. 7H ago Ancient tomb found filled with gold treasure — and sacrificial victims The tomb marks the area where an elite chief was buried along with possibly dozens of people who died to accompany him to the "beyond," officials said. 10H ago Ancestry reveals Taylor Swift is related to American poet Emily Dickinson It turns out Taylor Swift, whose upcoming album is titled "The Tortured Poets Department," is distantly related to a famous poet: Emily Dickinson. 11H ago Campaign 2024 More What time do Super Tuesday polls open and close? Voters in 15 states head to the polls on Super Tuesday to make their pick for the 2024 Republican and Democratic presidential nominees. Here is what time polling places open and close. 9H ago Why is Super Tuesday important? How the vote could shape 2024 elections Democrats and Republicans in 15 states and one territory will be voting Tuesday in 2024 primaries and caucuses. 12H ago What is Super Tuesday and how does tomorrow's voting work? Fifteen states and a U.S. territory hold their 2024 nominating contests on Super Tuesday this year. Here's what there is to know and how the voting works. 2H ago More Israel-Hamas War More Harris says "scale of suffering" demands immediate Gaza cease-fire "People in Gaza are starving," Vice President Harris says, mounting pressure on Israel and Hamas to agree to a cease-fire. 16H ago Top Israeli official to meet with U.S. leaders despite Netanyahu's opposition Israeli cabinet official Benny Gantz, a political rival of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, is to meet with top U.S. officials in Washington this week. 6H ago U.S. official says cease-fire in Gaza and hostage release deal are close A senior U.S. official says Israel has essentially endorsed a framework of a proposed Gaza cease-fire and hostage release deal, and it is now up to Hamas to agree to it. Mar 2 More Managing Your Money More Long-term care insurance dos and don'ts to know, according to experts These dos and don'ts can help as you shop for a long-term care insurance policy that meets your unique needs. 10H ago 4 times long-term care insurance is worth it Does long-term care insurance still make sense if you live with your children? 6 smart ways to use gold in your investment portfolio These gold investing options can help enhance your portfolio's stability and maximize potential returns. 11H ago 6 smart ways to buy gold with your 401(k) What is the price of gold today? Why you should open a high-yield savings account this March The rate climate could soon be changing. Here's why you may want to open a high-yield savings account this March. 11H ago 20 best high-yield savings accounts to open in March What are today's savings interest rates? More MoneyWatch More Bitcoin prices near record high. Here's why. Bitcoin has been rising in value since the end of 2023 and is now close to breaking its all-time record high. 7H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 10H ago GM recalls nearly 820,000 pickups over latch safety issue Mechanism used to open the gate of some Chevy Silverado and GMC Sierra trucks could short circuit, GM said. 8H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. 17H ago JetBlue drops $3.8 billion deal to buy Spirit Airlines JetBlue abandoned its proposed acquisition of Spirit only weeks after a federal judge ruled the deal would harm competition. 9H ago More CBS Essentials — Your Online Shopping Guide More The best spring cleaning deals at Amazon to help make your home spotless Shop the top spring cleaning deals at Amazon from brands like Dyson, iRobot and more for a tidy, cozy home. 9H ago The 8 best handheld video game controllers for 2024: PC, PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch, and more Enhance your gaming experience with one of the best handheld video game controllers for your PS5, Switch or Xbox. 10H ago Road to NCAA March Madness: How to watch the 2024 Atlantic Sun Tournament today There's only one way to watch the men's 2024 Atlantic Sun Tournament NCAA basketball games today. 11H ago More Deals from CBS Essentials Top Videos CBS News Live CBS News latest headlines Nov 26, 2014 CBS News Live CBS News Live Supreme Court keeps Trump on Colorado ballot The Supreme Court ruled unanimously Monday that Colorado can't keep former President Donald Trump off the ballot during the 2024 election. The three liberal justices issued an opinion concurring with the ruling but said the other six justices went too far in dictating how section 3 of the 14th Amendment can be enforced. Robert Costa reports. 8H ago 03:39 Massive blizzard slams parts of California, Nevada Heavy snowfall and powerful winds hit regions of California and Nevada over the weekend, leading to road closures and power outages for thousands. Carter Evans has the details. 7H ago 02:17 What's next after blizzard slams Sierra Nevada Relentless snowfall and hurricane-force winds pounded the Sierra Nevada mountain range in Northern California and parts of Nevada. The Weather Channel meteorologist Chris Warren looks at when blizzard conditions will finally break and where it's headed next. 7H ago 00:58 Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to Pentagon leak Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleaded guilty Monday to leaking highly classified military documents containing national security secrets. Scott MacFarlane reports. 7H ago 02:29 CBS Evening News with Norah O'Donnell More CBS Evening News with Norah O'Donnell Supreme Court keeps Trump on Colorado ballot The Supreme Court ruled unanimously Monday that Colorado can't keep former President Donald Trump off the ballot during the 2024 election. The three liberal justices issued an opinion concurring with the ruling but said the other six justices went too far in dictating how section 3 of the 14th Amendment can be enforced. Robert Costa reports. 8H ago 03:39 Supreme Court keeps Trump on Colorado ballot Breaking down the ruling on Trump ballot case The Supreme Court ruled Monday that Donald Trump can stay on Colorado's primary ballot. And it's not the only case justices will hear involving the former president. Jan Crawford and Robert Costa break down how the ruling could impact the 2024 presidential race. 8H ago 01:25 Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to Pentagon leak Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleaded guilty Monday to leaking highly classified military documents containing national security secrets. Scott MacFarlane reports. 7H ago 02:29 Biden pushes for Israel-Hamas cease-fire deal President Biden says he will not let up pushing for a deal that includes the release of all hostages held by Hamas, a six-week cease-fire and a surge of aid to the Gaza strip. His comments come following a high-level meeting between Vice President Kamala Harris and a key member of the Israeli War Cabinet. Imtiaz Tyab reports from Israel. 7H ago 02:31 Can Ozempic and Wegovy curb alcohol cravings? Doctors are seeing a surprising possible side effect of weight loss drugs like Ozempic and Wegovy: a diminished craving for alcohol. Janet Shamlian reports. 7H ago 02:04 More CBS Village — Diverse Voices & Communities More CBS Village — Diverse Voices & Communities "Emily's Wonder Lab" host on new science book Emily Calandrelli, familiar to audiences from her TikToks, Netflix show "Emily's Wonder Lab" and collaborations with Bill Nye, introduces her new book, "Stay Curious and Keep Exploring: Next Level." 18H ago 04:04 Busy Philipps on "Girls5eva" stardom Busy Philipps has a starring role in Tina Fey's comedy series "Girls5eva," where she plays a member of a '90s girl group aiming for a comeback. First on "CBS Mornings," Philipps previews the new season. 18H ago 06:11 Tommy Orange on new book "Wandering Stars" Author Tommy Orange is out with his second book, "Wandering Stars," following the breakout success of his first novel, which was a Pulitzer Prize finalist. He's one of the artists bringing attention to Native Americans living in the United States, particularly in urban areas. Jeff Glor has more. Mar 2 06:56 Jewish Community Center SF unites diverse communities at Soul Vey event Soul Vey brings Black and Jewish communities together to break bread over a culturally diverse Shabbat meal. 4H ago First-ever YentaCon held in Philadelphia for Jewish singles and matchmakers A new convention happened this week in Philadelphia. It's the first-ever convention for yentas, a term used for matchmakers in the Jewish community. 4H ago See More from CBS Village Prime Time with John Dickerson More Prime Time with John Dickerson Could higher pay solve the teacher shortage? The U.S. Department of Education says there's a shortage of teachers across the nation, with 40 states reporting public school staff levels that are lower than they were before the pandemic. Daniel Pink, contributing columnist at The Washington Post, joins CBS News to examine what can be done to end the shortage. 6H ago 05:10 Could higher pay solve the teacher shortage? Iran election turnout hits record low A recent election in Iran installed more hard-liners in parliament, but that may not be what people want. Karim Sadjadpour, senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, joins CBS News to assess the regime and its ambitions. 7H ago 04:28 SCOTUS punts Trump ballot issue to Congress The Supreme Court ruled Monday that former President Donald Trump can appear on the 2024 ballot, overturning a ruling from Colorado's top court. Justices said only Congress can enforce the so-called "insurrection clause" that has been used in arguments to disqualify Trump from holding office. CBS News legal contributor Jessica Levinson joins to unpack the ruling. 7H ago 03:49 What to watch for on Super Tuesday A third of all delegates in the Republican presidential primary are up for grabs this week. CBS News chief Washington correspondent Major Garrett shares what to look out for on Super Tuesday. 7H ago 04:51 California begins blizzard recovery efforts There was so much snow in parts of California and Nevada over the weekend that some ski resorts had to close and tens of thousands of homes lost power. CBS News correspondent Carter Evans has the latest. 7H ago 03:14 More from Prime Time The Uplift — Stories That Inspire More The Uplift — Stories That Inspire The Uplift: What is love? The Uplift asks couples from across the country what they love most about each other – and there is no shortage of heartwarming answers. Steve Hartman honors the person who goes "On The Road" with him as he covers inspiring stories. Plus, a stranger's acts of kindness in the Atlanta airport makes an impact. Mar 2 20:54 Death of Jon Stewart's dog spurs flood of donations to animal shelter The Daily Show host's tearful eulogy to his three-legged dog, Dipper, prompts jump in contributions to Animal Haven a no-kill shelter in New York City. 11H ago Mom creates trail inspired by son with autism If you walk around the Rahway Trail in the South Mountain Reservation of Millburn, New Jersey, you might see small fairy homes tucked into the trees. The idea to add small dwellings to the landscape came from a woman named Therese Ojibway, who 10 years ago wanted her son, who has autism, to have a safe space to explore in the wilderness. She created the Fairy Trail, which people of all ages can enjoy. Feb 27 02:41 Woman creates fairy trail inspired by son with autism Small whimsical cottages are hidden in the tree trunks and branches – a surprisingly sweet sight in an otherwise normal-looking forest. Feb 27 The Uplift: Who inspires you? "The Uplift" asks people in downtown St. Louis: "Who inspires you?" Their powerful answers are a reminder of what is important in life. Plus, a barber shop aims to give its employees a second chance in life. And a mom who sought to find a calming space for her son with autism ends up creating a magical place for people of all ages. Feb 24 20:41 See More from The Uplift CBS Reports More CBS Reports Raising the Stakes | CBS Reports As more states legalize gambling, online sportsbooks have spent billions courting the next generation of bettors. And now, as mobile apps offer 24/7 access to placing wagers, addiction groups say more young people are seeking help than ever before. CBS Reports explores what experts say is a hidden epidemic lurking behind a sports betting bonanza that's leaving a trail of broken lives. Feb 8 21:41 Raising the Stakes | CBS Reports Toxic Fog | CBS Reports In February 2023, a quiet community in Ohio was blindsided by disaster when a train derailed and authorities decided to unleash a plume of toxic smoke in an attempt to avoid an explosion. Days later, residents and the media thought the story was over, but in fact it was just beginning. What unfolded in East Palestine is a cautionary tale for every town and city in America. Feb 1 21:38 The End of Affirmative Action | CBS Reports In the aftermath of the Supreme Court striking down affirmative action in college admissions, CBS Reports examines the fog of uncertainty for students and administrators who say the decision threatens to unravel decades of progress. Dec 21, 2023 22:38 The Watchlist | CBS Reports CBS Reports examines the legacy of the U.S. government's terrorist watchlist, 20 years after its inception. In the years since 9/11, the database has grown exponentially to target an estimated 2 million people, while those who believe they were wrongfully added are struggling to clear their names. Dec 14, 2023 22:30 A Nation in Transition | CBS Reports In the 2023 legislative season, over two-thirds of U.S. states either passed or proposed laws restricting gender-affirming care, and lawmakers are debating policies that directly affect the lives of trans youth. CBS Reports sent three correspondents to three key states of a nation in transition to examine the difficult conversations rippling across the country. Nov 16, 2023 22:23 More U.S. More U.S. Donald Trump wins North Dakota caucuses, CBS News projects The win comes one day after Nikki Haley won the Washington, D.C., Republican presidential primary, her first victory in 2024. 4H ago SpaceX launches 76 satellites in back-to-back launches from both coasts SpaceX launched three Falcon 9 rockets within 20 hours, including two Monday just one hour and 50 minutes apart. 5H ago Migrant crossings along the southern border increase as officials prepare for larger spike The increase in illegal entries from January indicates that migration is rebounding heading into the spring, when migrant arrivals have spiked in recent years. 6H ago Bald eagle parents squabble over whose turn it is to keep the eggs warm Bald eagle Jackie laid three eggs in January. Since then, she and Shadow have taken turns keeping the eggs warm as thousands have watched via a live cam. 6H ago New lawsuit blames Smokehouse Creek fire on power company A new lawsuit claims a falling utility pole caused the tragic Smokehouse Creek fire in the Texas Panhandle. 5H ago More in U.S. MoneyWatch More MoneyWatch Bitcoin prices near record high. Here's why. Bitcoin has been rising in value since the end of 2023 and is now close to breaking its all-time record high. 7H ago GM recalls nearly 820,000 pickups over latch safety issue Mechanism used to open the gate of some Chevy Silverado and GMC Sierra trucks could short circuit, GM said. 8H ago Chick-fil-A tells customers to throw out a popular dipping sauce The Atlanta-based fast-food chain is cautioning patrons about a mislabeled sauce, saying it could contain wheat and soy allergens. 10H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 10H ago See how much the IRS is sending for the average 2024 tax refund Tax refunds so far are higher than last year, according to recent IRS data. Many Americans have big plans for the money. 14H ago More from MoneyWatch Politics More Politics Donald Trump wins North Dakota caucuses, CBS News projects The win comes one day after Nikki Haley won the Washington, D.C., Republican presidential primary, her first victory in 2024. 4H ago Retired Army officer charged with sharing classified Ukraine info on dating site "Beloved Dave, do NATO and Biden have a secret plan to help us," an unnamed person asked retired Army officer David Slater in one message. 7H ago Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The state law known as SB4 would empower Texas officials to stop, jail and prosecute migrants on state criminal charges of illegal entry or reentry. 7H ago Sen. John Thune, McConnell's No. 2, teases bid for Senate GOP leader The South Dakota Republican is one of three senators widely seen as possible replacements for Mitch McConnell. 11H ago What time do Super Tuesday polls open and close? Key voting hours to know Voters in 15 states head to the polls on Super Tuesday to make their pick for the 2024 Republican and Democratic presidential nominees. Here is what time polling places open and close. 9H ago More in Politics HealthWatch More HealthWatch Doctors hopeful Ozempic, Wegovy may help treat alcohol addiction Several clinical trials are underway to see if semaglutide, the active ingredient in weight loss drugs like Wegovy and Ozempic, can also help treat alcohol addiction. 6H ago Chick-fil-A tells customers to throw out a popular dipping sauce The Atlanta-based fast-food chain is cautioning patrons about a mislabeled sauce, saying it could contain wheat and soy allergens. 10H ago First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. 17H ago Expanding abortion pill access at pharmacies Following a pivotal FDA rule change, CVS and Walgreens will start offering the abortion pill, mifepristone, to individuals with prescriptions in states where abortion is legal. Dr. Celine Gounder, CBS News medical contributor and editor at large for public health at KFF, has more on what you need to know. 18H ago 02:30 The mRNA miracle workers Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman, whose research enabled the development of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID vaccines, were named Nobel Prize-winners; their breakthrough may reshape vaccine treatment for a host of diseases. Mar 3 More in HealthWatch World More World Biden administration asks Supreme Court to block Texas immigration law The state law known as SB4 would empower Texas officials to stop, jail and prosecute migrants on state criminal charges of illegal entry or reentry. 7H ago Ancient tomb found filled with gold treasure — and sacrificial victims The tomb marks the area where an elite chief was buried along with possibly dozens of people who died to accompany him to the "beyond," officials said. 10H ago One of the world's most populated cities is nearly out of water The director of Mexico City's water system says the region is facing an "unprecedented situation." 16H ago Top Israeli official meets with U.S. leaders despite Netanyahu's opposition Israeli cabinet official Benny Gantz, a political rival of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, is meeting with top U.S. officials in Washington this week. 6H ago France enshrines woman's constitutional right to an abortion in a global first French lawmakers approved a bill that will enshrine a woman's right to an abortion in the French Constitution during a historic joint session of parliament. 13H ago More in World Entertainment More Entertainment Ancestry reveals Taylor Swift is related to American poet Emily Dickinson It turns out Taylor Swift, whose upcoming album is titled "The Tortured Poets Department," is distantly related to a famous poet: Emily Dickinson. 11H ago Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to release Chiefs treats recipe The pop star is being sought out for baked goods she made for the Super Bowl winners. 10H ago "Emily's Wonder Lab" host on new science book Emily Calandrelli, familiar to audiences from her TikToks, Netflix show "Emily's Wonder Lab" and collaborations with Bill Nye, introduces her new book, "Stay Curious and Keep Exploring: Next Level." 18H ago 04:04 Busy Philipps on "Girls5eva" stardom Busy Philipps has a starring role in Tina Fey's comedy series "Girls5eva," where she plays a member of a '90s girl group aiming for a comeback. First on "CBS Mornings," Philipps previews the new season. 18H ago 06:11 Jacob Collier: The multi-instrumentalist, musical maximalist talks collaboration To follow his 2016 debut album "In My Room," in which he played every instrument, and recorded every vocal track, all inside a small room in his childhood home in North London, Jacob Collier didn't record one album – he recorded a four-album cycle. Using the editing software Logic, the six-time Grammy-winner made himself sound like an orchestra and choir, blending R&B, pop, jazz and everything-in-between while working with some of the biggest acts in music. With the latest installment, "Djesse Vol. 4," Collier collaborates with such artists as Brandi Carlile, Camilo, Chris Martin and John Legend. Correspondent Conor Knighton talks with Collier about the "emotional, chemical reaction" that comes from his musical alchemy. Mar 3 06:28 More in Entertainment Technology More Technology Technology Apple cancels autonomous, electric car After 10 years and billions of dollars, Apple has abandoned its plan to create an electric car, canceling Project Titan. Aarian Marshall, staff writer for Wired, joined CBS News to talk about what happened with Project Titan. 17H ago 02:31 How lithium could change one region's prospects In Southern California's Imperial Valley, unemployment is high, wages are low and agriculture is the dominant industry. But the move to electric vehicles may turn the region into "Lithium Valley." John Blackstone explains. Mar 2 02:51 Elon Musk sues OpenAI and Sam Altman, claiming "stark betrayal" Lawsuit accuses OpenAI of abandoning its mission to benefit humanity in favor of pursuing its commercial interests. Mar 1 Stock market soars to record highs The tech-centric Nasdaq is closing at a new high, driven by enthusiasm for artificial intelligence. This milestone marks its first record peak since 2021. Mar 1 02:09 Report: Many hospitals defy price rules By law, hospitals are required to put their prices online. But many aren't fully complying, and it's costing people money. CBS News consumer investigative correspondent Anna Werner has more on these "hidden costs." Feb 29 06:26 More in Technology Science More Science Doctors hopeful Ozempic, Wegovy may help treat alcohol addiction Several clinical trials are underway to see if semaglutide, the active ingredient in weight loss drugs like Wegovy and Ozempic, can also help treat alcohol addiction. 6H ago Ancient tomb found filled with gold treasure — and sacrificial victims The tomb marks the area where an elite chief was buried along with possibly dozens of people who died to accompany him to the "beyond," officials said. 10H ago New frescoes found in ash of Pompeii 2,000 years after Vesuvius eruption One fresco depicts a scene from the Greek myth of Phrixus and his twin sister Helle, as they fled their stepmother on a magical ram with the Golden Fleece. 20H ago The mRNA miracle workers Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman, whose research enabled the development of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID vaccines, were named Nobel Prize-winners; their breakthrough may reshape vaccine treatment for a host of diseases. Mar 3 The Nobel laureates behind mRNA COVID vaccines More than one million people died just in the U.S. as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic that broke out in 2020. But a scientific miracle – a vaccine released later that same year – saved countless lives. Last year Katalin Karikó and Drew Weissman, the two scientists whose research in messenger RNA (or mRNA) and immunology enabled the development of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID vaccines, were named Nobel Prize-winners. "Sunday Morning" contributor Kelefa Sanneh talks with Weissman and Karikó about their partnership, and the unusual trajectories of their lives that led to a breakthrough that may reshape vaccine treatment for a host of diseases. Mar 3 07:11 More in Science Crime More Crime Missing Nashville woman found dead in creek as police search for her car The body of a woman found dead in a Nashville creek has been identified as 44-year-old Emily Bradley. Her death is being investigated as a homicide. 12H ago U.K. warship, U.S. aircraft make huge drug bust after "high-speed chase" British and American officers chased down a speedboat as its crew tried to dump its drugs into the water near the U.S. Virgin Islands, officials said. 15H ago 1.3 tons of cocaine found hidden in frozen fish: "Operation Squid" Portuguese police recently intercepted a shipment of frozen fish imported from Ecuador, which contained huge amounts of cocaine. 15H ago Tourist camping with her husband is gang raped in India The attack took place on Friday night in eastern India in Jharkhand state's Dumka district, where the couple were camping. 17H ago Masked gunmen kill 4, wound 3 at outdoor party in California, police say Police in King City, Calif. say three men wearing masks over their heads fired at people outside a party in King City, Calif., killing 4 and wounding 3. 20H ago More in Crime Space More Space SpaceX launches 76 satellites in back-to-back launches from both coasts SpaceX launched three Falcon 9 rockets within 20 hours, including two Monday just one hour and 50 minutes apart. 5H ago 3 NASA astronauts, Russian cosmonaut head for ISS The Crew 8 launch is first of two planned crew rotation flights needed to replace five of the lab's seven long-duration fliers. Mar 4 Crew awaits weather-delayed launch to space station With an on-time launch Sunday, the Crew 8 fliers will reach the International Space Station early Tuesday. Mar 3 SpaceX calls off crew launch to space station due to high winds The four Crew 8 fliers will make another attempt to get off the ground Sunday. Mar 2 Astronomers discover 3 tiny moons orbiting Uranus and Neptune Astronomers have discovered three small moons at the farthest planets of our solar system — two circling Neptune and one around Uranus. Feb 29 More in Space Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries Notable Deaths in 2024 A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity. Mar 1 10 photos Could an Alabama woman have shot herself twice? When Tiffiney Crawford was found dead inside her van, authorities believed she might have taken her own life. But could she shoot herself twice in the head with her non-dominant hand? Jan 27 38 photos CBS newsman Charles Osgood (1933-2024) We look back at the life and career of the longtime host of "Sunday Morning," and "one of the most enduring and most endearing" people in broadcasting. Jan 23 18 photos Texas couple investigates teen daughter's unusual death Cayley Mandadi's mother and stepfather go to extreme lengths to prove her death was no accident. Jan 18 19 photos Kassanndra Cantrell disappearance: Inside the investigation Days after a young woman vanishes, a man in a distinctive hat is seen walking away from her car. Who is the man in the hat? Jan 6 17 photos More in Latest Galleries Latest CBS News Videos More Latest CBS News Videos Latest CBS News Videos Could higher pay solve the teacher shortage? The U.S. Department of Education says there's a shortage of teachers across the nation, with 40 states reporting public school staff levels that are lower than they were before the pandemic. Daniel Pink, contributing columnist at The Washington Post, joins CBS News to examine what can be done to end the shortage. 6H ago 05:10 Iran election turnout hits record low A recent election in Iran installed more hard-liners in parliament, but that may not be what people want. Karim Sadjadpour, senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, joins CBS News to assess the regime and its ambitions. 7H ago 04:28 SCOTUS punts Trump ballot issue to Congress The Supreme Court ruled Monday that former President Donald Trump can appear on the 2024 ballot, overturning a ruling from Colorado's top court. Justices said only Congress can enforce the so-called "insurrection clause" that has been used in arguments to disqualify Trump from holding office. CBS News legal contributor Jessica Levinson joins to unpack the ruling. 7H ago 03:49 What to watch for on Super Tuesday A third of all delegates in the Republican presidential primary are up for grabs this week. CBS News chief Washington correspondent Major Garrett shares what to look out for on Super Tuesday. 7H ago 04:51 California begins blizzard recovery efforts There was so much snow in parts of California and Nevada over the weekend that some ski resorts had to close and tens of thousands of homes lost power. CBS News correspondent Carter Evans has the latest. 7H ago 03:14 More in Latest Videos Copyright ©2024 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms of Use About Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Live on Paramount+ CBS News Store Site Map Contact Us Help facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On