National Center for Health Research | The Voice for Prevention, Treatment and Policy Skip to content Menu About Us Key Staff Board of Directors & Other Boards Jobs, Fellowships, Internships & Volunteers Biennial Reports & Newsletters Making a Measurable Difference For The Press Get Involved Events Contribute Let Your Voice Be Heard Search for: Health Research 4 USafe To Play Connecting you to the best medical and health information National Center for Health Research - The Voice for Prevention, Treatment, and Policy The National Center for Health Research conducts, analyzes, and explains the latest research and works with patients, consumers, and opinion leaders to use that information to improve their own health and to develop better programs, policies, and services. We conduct research that has the potential to improve health care. We translate research findings into free information and training that can be used to improve health and safety to individuals and communities nationwide. In addition to this website, we have a website dedicated to cancer information at stopcancerfund.org. We work with the media to help get the word out to those who will most benefit from it. We educate policy makers, policy analysts, and opinion leaders through briefings, hearings, meetings, and written materials based on the information. We share our publications and information with other organizations, researchers, and advocates. We coordinate and strategize with them, working together to inform the public and be part of the public debate on policy issues. We use that information effectively to improve the health of adults and children. Webinars Our free Health Research 101 webinar is available here. It can help you know what questions to ask when you hear about research results. We worked with health professionals, disability experts, and patient advocates to brainstorm about what is known and not known about treatment for Long COVID. Click here for more information on our project and links to 5 one-hour webinars on a range of topics related to disability eligibility and treatment options. Updates On March 1, 2023, NCHR staff met with the FDA Commissioner and other key FDA staff, on the FDA campus with our colleagues from the Patient, Consumer, and Public Health Coalition. We discussed several issues of mutual interest, including the importance of FDA approval being based on evidence of a clinically meaningful benefit to patients. On February 28, we met with CMS officials to express our support for Medicare’s restrictions on the Alzheimer’s drug Aduhelm. See our previous statement of support here; our 2021 coalition letter to the HHS Inspector General, CMS, Congress and the White House; and our 2023 coalition letter to CMS supporting its coverage decisions for Alzheimer’s Disease drugs here. Coronavirus Questions? Are you worried you might have the coronavirus? Are you wondering if you should get the vaccine or booster? Are you getting your life back to normal but still wondering how careful to be? Many people who are infected don’t have any symptoms, but if you have symptoms they are likely to appear 2-14 days after exposure to the virus. Having a negative test in the first days after exposure doesn’t mean you aren’t infected. And even with a negative test, you might still be able to infect others. Confused about the conflicting info on coronavirus face masks, testing, risks to children, and what you should and should not do? We have everything you need to know about COVID-19, including the basic information about the virus, how to prevent COVID-19, and what to do if you have symptoms. News You Can Use Statement of Dr. Diana Zuckerman, President, National Center for Health Research, March 8, 2023 March 8, 2023: Today the FDA announced that 19 women were reported in medical publications who developed squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in the capsule around breast implants. This is more than the 10 women that FDA reported in September. Several of the women died. It is important to know that 24 cases of SCC have been reported to the FDA, but it is not known if these cases overlap with the 19 that were published or if some of the 24 cases were reported more than once. Some of the women had silicone gel implants, some had saline implants, some textured, some smooth. Some of the women got breast implants for augmentation, others for reconstruction after mastectomy. That means that all women with breast implants need to be aware of this risk, even though it may be rare. Last September, the FDA also reported 12 cases of lymphomas different from anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) that were also caused by breast implants. The agency has not updated those numbers. NCHR Report: Breast Implant Illnesses: What’s the Evidence? Debate swirls over the risks of breast implants, and physicians and patients are justifiably confused by the conflicting information available. Despite surgeons’ claims that implants are proven safe, more than 70,000 women with breast implants have reported that they have serious symptoms that they refer to as “breast implant illness.” Our new report finds clear evidence that implants increase the chances of those symptoms and removing implants usually improves’ their health. Women considering breast implants after mastectomy or for cosmetic reasons will want to know about this report and of this Patient Informed Consent checklist and black box warning. The checklist and black box warning were developed by the Breast Implant Working Group, which consisted of Dr. Diana Zuckerman (National Center for Health Research), a past and current president of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, Karuna Jaggar (Breast Cancer Action), Judy Norsigian (Our Bodies Ourselves) and breast implant patient advocates. The checklist was endorsed by their organizations, as a requirement to be read and signed by all potential breast implant patients. NCHR Report: The Health Risks of MRIs with Gadolinium-Based Contrast Agents Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a common diagnostic procedure that can improve the quality of medical care and save lives. Gadolinium-based contrast agents are used with MRIs to improve diagnostic accuracy. However, in 2006, it was determined that patients with severe kidney dysfunction who underwent MRIs with contrast could develop a serious condition called nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). In recent years, there is increasing concern that gadolinium can be harmful even for patients whose kidneys are not impaired. Read this report to learn more. NCHR Report: Is TMS Proven Effective for Depression? Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) devices have stimulated the brains of tens of thousands of patients in the U.S., often as a treatment for depression. TMS treatment typically costs $300 per session, usually 5 days/week for 4 to 6 weeks. And yet, there is no clear evidence that it works at all, or is more beneficial than the much less expensive and more convenient antidepressant medications. This report examines the questionable effectiveness of TMS, and could save you thousands of dollars and a very frustrating experience. What are you looking for? Artificial Turf and Playground Surfaces Medical Care for Adults Getting Past The Hype Alzheimers, Dementia & Other Disabilities Allergies and Autoimmune Diseases Birth Control & Hormone Therapy Breast Implants & Cosmetic Procedures Colds, The Flu & Pain Depression, Stress & Mental Health Diabetes Heart Disease, Cholesterol & Strokes Incontinence, IBS & Constipation Infections, Antibiotics & MRSA Lung Diseases Osteoporosis and Bones & Joint Health Reproductive Health & Breastfeeding Vision Your Medicine Cabinet Child & Teen Health Colds, The Flu & Pain Cosmetic Surgery Diets, Weight & Physical Activity Early Childhood Development Early Puberty & Problems in Sexual Development General Health & Mental Health Hyperactivity & ADHD Health Insurance Infants & Breastfeeding Sports Suicide Toys & Other Children's Products Vaccines Your Medicine Cabinet Violence & Risky Behaviors Avoiding Risky Behaviors in Children Dating Violence & Other Sexual Assault Drinking & Drugs Other Violent Behavior Sex, STDs & Unwanted Pregnancy Smoking Violence in the Home Violence in the Media Preventing Disease & Staying Healthy How Adults Can Prevent Disease Keeping Children & Teens Healthy Reducing Violence Products with Health Risks Survival Guide for Working Moms We’re In The News News That Quotes Us & Our Work Our Interviews, Blogs & OpEds Press Releases Our Research & Training Workshops Our Medical Journal Articles Studies We've Done We’re Speaking Out on Health Issues On Health Policy On Medical Treatments & Products Featured Posts Deep flaws in FDA oversight of medical devices — and patient harm — exposed in lawsuits and records CBS News, December 20, 2023: CBS News article dives into the lack of FDA oversight within the medical device industry. Increased patient harm is exposed in lawsuits and records. Read More » FDA Warned of Overstepping Authority With Lab Test Rule Proposal Bloomberg Law, December 7: Bloomberg Law news article describes the strong opposition to FDA’s plan to regulate lab-developed tests (LDTs). We explain why patients can’t trust the results of these diagnostic tests unless FDA makes sure they are accurate. Read More » Inside the NFL turf debate: Injuries, safety measures, problems ESPN, October 11, 2023: This comprehensive ESPN news article explains the NFL injury rate and players’ concerns comparing grass fields to artificial turf. Diana Zuckerman tells ESPN reporters about biased info from artificial turf industry. Read More » Our Team Our team of professionals is dedicated to providing nonpartisan research, education, and advocacy that promotes the health and safety of adults and children. With our diverse and committed team, we focus on: Preventing pharmaceutical companies from charging outrageous prices to U.S. patients: Why should Americans pay more than any other country for exactly the same medications for cancer, heart disease, or any other treatments? Improving the health of 25 million patients by requiring that all implants used for hips, knees, spines, hearts, or anywhere in your body be scientifically studied in people before they are sold to people. Surprisingly, that’s not the case today. Ensuring that medications taken by people over 55 are tested on people over 55: Most medications are tested on younger patients, who metabolize drugs differently. Improving cancer treatments: The latest research shows that too many Americans are spending their life savings on cancer treatments that do not help them live longer or improve their quality of life. We are making sure that patients and physicians have that crucial information. Read More » Get Involved Together, we can help you improve your health and the health of people you care about, working together on a local, state, and national level to improve the lives of everyone in our communities and our country. How you can help: Donate Your donation goes a long way, with 98 cents of every dollar spent going directly to programs and improving the health of those you care about. Work for Us or Become an Intern We are always looking for the best and brightest to join our team of scientists, researchers, policy experts, and communications professionals. We also offer internships for undergraduate and graduate students focusing in communications and outreach, policy analysis, and research. Advocate Make sure your voice is heard on Capitol Hill! We can show you how to reach out and communicate with your local, state, and national politicians to make a difference and join the fight! Read More » National Center for Health Research 1001 Connecticut Avenue NW, Suite 1100 Washington, DC 20036 ©2024. All rights reserved. Disclaimer Terms of Use Privacy Policy The content on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to provide medical advice, which should be obtained from a medical professional. Sign Up For Our Monthly Updates! First Name (required) *Last Name (required) *Email (required) *Select list(s) to subscribe toGeneral Interest NCHR digest sign ups Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from National Center for Health Research. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use. Please leave this field blank.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: National Center for Health Research, 1001 Connecticut Ave., Washington, DC, 20036. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact Make a Donation Contact Us Follow us Health Research 4 USafe To Play