Manhattan Institute | Creative. Bold. Independent. Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Energy Governance Health Public Safety Explore Content Publications Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Research Integrity Press & Media Staff Trustees Scholars City Journal Donate Search Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Energy Governance Health Public Safety Explore Content Publications Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Research Integrity Press & Media Staff Trustees Scholars Donate 52 Vanderbilt Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 599-7000 info@manhattan-institute.org The Manhattan Institute works to keep America and its great cities prosperous, safe, and free. Learn more Donate Donate The Manhattan Institute works to keep America and its great cities prosperous, safe, and free. Learn more Donate Donate Learn more Donate Donate Spotlight Issue Brief Education Feb 29 2024 Issue Brief Education Feb 29 2024 Enforcing the Law on Colorblind Admissions: Stop Unconstitutional Discrimination and Fund Better Alternatives By Dan Morenoff Read time 43 mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More Our Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Energy Governance Health Public Safety Cities We work to improve the quality of life in America's great cities by fostering competition, entrepreneurship, and fiscal responsibility at the state and local level. View Policy Area Culture We seek to overcome America's cultural divides by offering constructive alternatives to identity politics. View Policy Area Economics We promote prosperity and upward mobility through the advancement of economic freedom, fiscal responsibility, and entrepreneurial innovation. View Policy Area Education We develop policies that increase educational freedom and encourage the creation and expansion of high-performing schools. View Policy Area Energy We champion policies that can enrich American society by making energy more abundant, affordable, reliable, and secure. View Policy Area Governance We defend equality before the law and help improve the quality of governance by promoting transparency, accountability, and evidence-based reforms. View Policy Area Health We develop policy solutions that empower patients and consumers by encouraging competition, transparency, accountability, and innovation. View Policy Area Public Safety We advance creative, evidence-based policy ideas for better policing, public safety, and criminal justice. View Policy Area Upcoming Events - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More Latest Podcasts - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Join our team We are always looking for entrepreneurial, self-driven, resourceful, and detail-oriented employees to help put MI's work in the hands of key policymakers and others. View open positions Projects Adam Smith Society SmithSoc is a community of business students and professionals who join together to discuss and debate the contributions of the free market toward advancing human flourishing and opportunity for all. View this project Metropolitan Majority Speaking up for the multiethnic mainstream in America’s metros. View this project New York City: Renewed Gotham will bounce back—and the Manhattan Institute is here to help spark its renaissance. View this project Proxy Monitor Shedding light on the influence of shareholder proposals on corporations. View this project Trial Lawyers, Inc. Highlighting the ramifications of litigation practices and fostering a more transparent and effective legal system. View this project - - By - - - By - More from City Journal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe Copyright © 2024 Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, Inc. All rights reserved. 52 Vanderbilt Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 599-7000 Signup for our Newsletter Submit Policy Areas Cities Culture Economics Education Energy Governance Health Public Safety Explore Content Publications Books Multimedia Podcasts Projects Get Involved Events Careers Subscribe About About MI Scholars Research Integrity Contact us Press & Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe Copyright © 2024 Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, Inc. All rights reserved. EIN #13-2912529 - - - - - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - - - - - - By - Read time - mins Read More - - 01 January 1970 Event - - Event - - 01 January 1970 - - 01 January 1970 01 01 January 1970 Event - Jan 01 1970 - - Interview - - - - - - - - - - Latest Podcast - - - - - - - - - - - - - - By -