KCRW 89.9FM | Music, NPR News, Culture Los Angeles | KCRW KCRW Listen Live KCRW Live Eclectic 24 News 24 All Streams All Streams Music News Culture Shows Playlist Schedule Donate Playlist Schedule Donate Info KCRW On Air | Now Playing Morning Edition Morning Edition Upcoming Event Mar 28 Live Nation Sleater-Kinney Mar 28 The Wiltern All Events Metal thieves turn to cemeteries, historical markers Los Angeles Thieves stole hundreds of bronze headstones and plaques from LA County cemeteries. The metal used is worth big money in the scrap metal market. from KCRW Features Why are some music videos silent on TikTok? Blame feud with Universal Music Why are some music videos silent on TikTok? Blame feud with Universal Music Press Play with Madeleine Brand When will eagle eggs hatch? Big Bear residents wait on edge When will eagle eggs hatch? Big Bear residents wait on edge Press Play with Madeleine Brand Measure HLA promises safer – but slower – LA streets Measure HLA promises safer – but slower – LA streets KCRW Features Oscar nominee Colman Domingo reflects on Shakespeare’s ‘A Midsummer Night's Dream’ Oscar nominee Colman Domingo reflects on Shakespeare’s ‘A Midsummer Night's Dream’ The Treatment Share your passion for new experiences, sounds, & ideas Get Involved KCRW Features Weekend film reviews: ‘Dune: Part 2,’ ‘Spaceman,’ ‘Shayda’ The latest film releases are Dune: Part 2, Spaceman, Shayda, and Problemista. Weighing in are Alison Willmore, film critic for NY Magazine and Vulture, and Tim Grierson, Senior U.S. Read more Listen 17 min Have we hit peak Boomer cinema? Plus, what new brass at Netflix and Disney herald for the studios’ futures. Read more Listen 18 min ‘Re-sparkling’: The science behind embracing variety and rejecting habituation MIT cognitive scientist and author Tali Sharot delves into the science behind habituation and how breaking up habits and routines can help reset our brains. Read more Listen 52 min Ask Myisha: How to navigate sex and dating while dealing with chronic pain Dr. Akilah Cadet joins Myisha to offer some relief for confronting chronic pain and intimacy. Read more Crenshaw Dairy Mart’s first film festival: Stories of abolition, healing The Crenshaw Dairy Mart put on its first film festival in Inglewood after hearing from BIPOC filmmakers that they need more spaces to showcase their work in LA. Read more Listen 5 min ‘Little unsettling’: OpenAI’s Sora creates anxieties for Hollywood Sora can use a few word prompts to create one-minute videos showing full scenes, motions, and characters. A filmmaker who’s been tracking AI use was floored by Sora. Read more Listen 15 min Vroman’s won’t take just any buyer. You need respect, integrity Vroman’s Bookstore in Pasadena opened in 1894. Now owner Joel Sheldon III is looking for a buyer who will keep catering to the local community. Read more Listen 8 min ‘Last Repair Shop’ shows Angelenos who were broken, then repaired by music For some LA public school kids, playing music has kept them afloat during hardships. “The Last Repair Shop” focuses on the craftspeople who’ve been fixing their instruments. Read more Listen 17 min Actor David Oyelowo champions Ava DuVernay's Origin and its literary muse Actor David Oyelowo praises Ava DuVernay's 2023 film Origin, based on Isabel Wilkerson’s book Caste: The Origins of Our Discontents, and marvels at how DuVernay was able to make the… Read more Listen 5 min Devon Gilfillian: KCRW Live from Apogee Studio Devon Gilfillian transcribes thorny conversations into life-affirming lyrics, exemplified by his 2023 powerhouse “Love You Anyway.” Read more Listen 27 min Spencer Sheehan sues food companies for false advertising Journalist Sarah Larson profiles Spencer Sheehan, a lawyer who sues food companies for false advertising. Read more Listen 10 min Get to Dodger Stadium by gondola? LA officials to vote Could a gondola from Union Station to Dodger Stadium — about half a billion dollars to build — mitigate traffic? The LA Metro board will vote Thursday on whether to proceed. Read more Listen 10 min Featured Shows All Shows > Morning Becomes Eclectic KCRW's signature daily music show. New releases, live performances, and interviews. Bookworm Bookworm, a premier literary talk show providing intellectual, accessible, and provocative literary conversations. Hosted by Michael Silverblatt at KCRW.com. Left, Right & Center Left, Right & Center is KCRW’s weekly politics show where we take on the tough, divisive issues you’re afraid to talk about with your own family. Bent by Nature She was the most influential American DJ you’ve never heard of. Deirdre O’Donoghue was a vital force in the musical underground of the 1980s. Latest DJ Shows Morning Becomes Eclectic KCRW's signature daily music show. New releases, live performances, and interviews. Mar. 04 2 hr, 49 min LeRoy Downs A varied sonic experience to jazz, blending music, style, and culture. Mar. 03 2 hr Jason Kramer Carefully curated music from around the world. Mar. 03 1 hr, 59 min Jeremy Sole A sonic trip through the past, present and future of roots music. Mar. 03 1 hr, 52 min Raul Campos Soulful grooves and fresh remixes from Latin rhythms to indie rock. Mar. 03 2 hr, 48 min All DJ shows Live Playlist Full playlist Upcoming Events Mar 05 Live Nation Madonna Mar 5 The Kia Forum Mar 07 Live Nation Cat Power Sings Dylan Mar 7 The Theatre at Ace Hotel All events Popular MBE Playlist March 1: New Music Friday to the max Best New Music Yard Act’s “Where’s My Utopia?” and Everything Everything’s “Mountainhead” are just a couple of the week’s bold LPs to savor. Mar. 1 from Morning Becomes Eclectic Listen 2 hr, 52 min KCRW Broadcast 778 Music Fanatic! Fanatic spring has done sprung. I know as far as the calendar is concerned, spring is unleashed on the 19 th . Mar. 2 from Henry Rollins Listen 1 hr, 57 min Senate Minority Leader McConnell — from power to resignation Politics What lasting impact will Mitch McConnell leave on Senate leadership? Plus, will Biden or Trump change their tune on compromise at the border? Mar. 1 from Left, Right & Center Listen 52 min KCRW Broadcast 777 Music Fanatic! As far as I’m concerned, winter is only days from ending. Feb. 24 from Henry Rollins Listen 2 hr Los Angeles Metal thieves turn to cemeteries, historical markers KCRW Features Measure HLA promises safer – but slower – LA streets KCRW Features Gay bar Redline says ‘see you later’ after 10 years in business KCRW Features Food & Drink How the gene-editing technology CRISPR is changing tomatoes, grapes and cattle Good Food Yess: 'The most quietly ambitious cooking to emerge in LA' Good Food Market Report: Chef Deau Arpapornnopparat finds his cilantro roots Good Food Politics Harris calls for temporary cease-fire now. Will Biden be next? Press Play with Madeleine Brand Trump stays on Colorado primary ballot: Unanimous Supreme Court Press Play with Madeleine Brand Ex-Dodger Republican pulls ahead of Democrats in CA Senate race Press Play with Madeleine Brand Best New Music Today’s Top Tune: Balming Tiger - ‘Buriburi!’ Today's Top Tune 5 Songs to Hear This Week: St. Vincent, Kim Gordon, Sofia Kourtesis Music News MBE Playlist March 4: Scandi-soul from Bobby Oroza and Sletta Morning Becomes Eclectic Arts Oscar nominee Colman Domingo reflects on Shakespeare’s ‘A Midsummer Night's Dream’ The Treatment Author Sam Wasson takes us into the life of iconic filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola The Treatment Amy Schumer on ‘Life (& Beth’) in the director’s chair The Treatment Entertainment Why are some music videos silent on TikTok? Blame feud with Universal Music Press Play with Madeleine Brand Have we hit peak Boomer cinema? The Business Composer Laura Karpman on ‘American Fiction,’ Marvel, and hard-won success The Business This Week on KCRW Today’s Top Tune: Balming Tiger - ‘Buriburi!’ Best New Music Today’s Top Tune: Balming Tiger - ‘Buriburi!’ Taking their name from the Asian ointment Tiger Balm, Balming Tiger are an alternative K-pop collective made up of rappers, singers, writers, producers, and directors formed in Seoul… Mar. 5 from Today's Top Tune Listen 4 min Harris calls for temporary cease-fire now. Will Biden be next? International Harris calls for temporary cease-fire now. Will Biden be next? Vice President Kamala Harris called for an immediate six-week cease-fire in the war between Israel and Hamas. It continues a recent trend within the Biden administration. Mar. 4 from Press Play with Madeleine Brand Listen 10 min Trump stays on Colorado primary ballot: Unanimous Supreme Court Election 2024 Trump stays on Colorado primary ballot: Unanimous Supreme Court The Supreme Court decided that states can't prohibit Trump from appearing on presidential primary ballots. Some voters argued he should be disqualified due to January 6. Mar. 4 from Press Play with Madeleine Brand Listen 9 min Ex-Dodger Republican pulls ahead of Democrats in CA Senate race Politics Ex-Dodger Republican pulls ahead of Democrats in CA Senate race With the help of television ads paid for by Rep. Adam Schiff, political newcomer Steve Garvey has pulled ahead of Democratic heavyweight Rep. Katie Porter. Mar. 4 from Press Play with Madeleine Brand Listen 9 min 5 Songs to Hear This Week: St. Vincent, Kim Gordon, Sofia Kourtesis Best New Music 5 Songs to Hear This Week: St. Vincent, Kim Gordon, Sofia Kourtesis St. Vincent gets industrial, Sofia Kourtesis gets personal on the dance floor, and Kim Gordon is the latest ‘90s icon to get claimed by the TikTok teens. Mar. 4 from Music News MBE Playlist March 4: Scandi-soul from Bobby Oroza and Sletta Best New Music MBE Playlist March 4: Scandi-soul from Bobby Oroza and Sletta (Monday) morning becomes soulful. Mar. 4 from Morning Becomes Eclectic Listen 2 hr, 49 min Eclectic 24 Best New Music Eclectic 24 KCRW's all-music channel blending the collected talents and tastes of all KCRW's DJs into a single voice streaming 24 hours a day. Mar. 4 Please join us in celebration of the Extraordinary Life of Ruth Seymour Culture Please join us in celebration of the Extraordinary Life of Ruth Seymour Please join us in celebration of the Extraordinary Life of Ruth Seymour (aka Ruth Hirschman) Mar. 4 from Special Programming Eclectic 24 Best New Music Eclectic 24 KCRW's all-music channel blending the collected talents and tastes of all KCRW's DJs into a single voice streaming 24 hours a day. Mar. 4 Today’s Top Tune: Loren Kramar - ‘Hollywood Blvd’ Best New Music Today’s Top Tune: Loren Kramar - ‘Hollywood Blvd’ Here’s an anthem that is so personal, it pulls the curtain on a desire or a premonition of making it big. Mar. 4 from Today's Top Tune Listen 5 min LeRoy Downs' playlist, March 3, 2024 Music LeRoy Downs' playlist, March 3, 2024 "Just Jazz" with LeRoy Downs. Downs' goal is to bring a varied sonic experience to jazz, while blending music, style, and culture. Mar. 3 from LeRoy Downs Listen 2 hr Jason Kramer's playlist, March 3, 2024 Best New Music Jason Kramer's playlist, March 3, 2024 Featuring selections that range from carefully curated music from around the world with unique gems and quality tracks that will satisfy the needs of even the most discerning music… Mar. 3 from Jason Kramer Listen 1 hr, 59 min Jeremy Sole's playlist, March 3, 2024 Best New Music Jeremy Sole's playlist, March 3, 2024 A sonic trip through the past, present and future of roots music. Mar. 3 from Jeremy Sole Listen 1 hr, 52 min Raul Campos' playlist, March 3, 2024 Best New Music Raul Campos' playlist, March 3, 2024 Raul Campos creates a mix of emerging artists and current favorites, bringing essential cuts from around the world and a little closer to home -- from soulful grooves and fresh remixes… Mar. 3 from Raul Campos Listen 2 hr, 48 min Chris Douridas' playlist, March 3, 2024 Best New Music Chris Douridas' playlist, March 3, 2024 New releases in all genres. Mar. 3 from Chris Douridas Listen 2 hr, 50 min ‘Re-sparkling’: The science behind embracing variety and rejecting habituation Health & Wellness ‘Re-sparkling’: The science behind embracing variety and rejecting habituation MIT cognitive scientist and author Tali Sharot delves into the science behind habituation and how breaking up habits and routines can help reset our brains. Mar. 3 from Life Examined Listen 52 min Prevention in Uganda Health & Wellness Prevention in Uganda On a national level, Uganda has made progress in health outcomes, but certain populations have been left behind. Mar. 3 from Second Opinion Listen 4 min Nassir Nassirzadeh's playlist, March 3, 2024 Best New Music Nassir Nassirzadeh's playlist, March 3, 2024 Indie found sounds, nostalgic guilty pleasures, and introspective piano solos to help you feel deeply and move freely through life. Mar. 3 from Nassir Nassirzadeh Listen 1 hr, 59 min Load More Get to know your neighbors Get Involved Featured Metal thieves turn to cemeteries, historical markers KCRW Features Why are some music videos silent on TikTok? Blame feud with Universal Music Press Play with Madeleine Brand When will eagle eggs hatch? Big Bear residents wait on edge Press Play with Madeleine Brand Measure HLA promises safer – but slower – LA streets KCRW Features 5 Things To Do Newsletter The best of what to see, hear, eat, do, and more. KCRW KCRW-FM NPR 89.9 FM About KCRW Contact Careers Help / FAQ Fringe Benefits Events Become a Sponsor Terms of Service Privacy Policy FCC Public Files FCC Applications EEO Report Pledge for Equity © 2024 KCRW All Rights Reserved. Made in L.A. Download on the App store Get it on Google Play Just ask Alexa FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE Stay informed without getting overwhelmed! Get the latest from KCRW in your inbox 3x a week. Streaming music, news & culture from KCRW Santa Monica KCRW Live 3 hr Hosted by KCRW Read More 0:00 3:00:00 Music, News @amp; Culture KCRW Live Live streaming music, news & culture from KCRW Santa Monica Playlist 0:00 3:00:00 KCRW Live Eclectic 24 News 24 Bent 24 CLOSE CLOSE ENTER TO SEARCH