Troy Hunt: Troy Hunt Mastodon Home Workshops Speaking Media About Contact Sponsor Sponsored by: Troy Hunt Hi, I'm Troy Hunt, I write this blog, run "Have I Been Pwned" and am a Microsoft Regional Director and MVP who travels the world speaking at events and training technology professionals Older posts Page 1 of 120 Weekly Update 389 03 March 2024 How on earth are we still here? You know, that place where breached companies stand up and go all Iraqi information minister on the incident as if somehow, flatly denying the blatantly obvious will make it all go away. It's the ease of debunking the "no breach here" claim that I find particularly fascinating; the truth is always sitting there in the data and it doesn't take much to bring it to the surface. Ah well, as I always end up lamenting, with behaviour like this it's a good time to be in... Weekly update Weekly Update 388 24 February 2024 It's just been a joy to watch the material produced by the NCA and friends following the LockBit takedown this week. So much good stuff from the agencies themselves, not just content but high quality trolling too. Then there's the whole ecosystem of memes that have since emerged and provided endless hours of entertainment 😊 I'm sure we'll see a lot more come out of this yet and inevitably there's seized material that will still be providing value to further investigations years from now. Good j... Weekly update Thanks FedEx, This is Why we Keep Getting Phished 23 February 2024 I've been getting a lot of those "your parcel couldn't be delivered" phishing attacks lately and if you're a human with a phone, you probably have been too. Just as a brief reminder, they look like this: These get through all the technical controls that exist at my telco and they land smack bang in my SMS inbox. However, I don't fall for the scams because I look for the warning signs: a sense of urgency, fear of missing out, and strange URLs that look nothing like any parcel delivery service I... Scam Weekly Update 387 18 February 2024 It's a short video this week after a few days in Sydney doing both NDC and the Azure user group. For the most part, I spoke about the same things as I did at NDC Security in Oslo last month... except that since then we've had the Spoutibe incident. It was fascinating to talk about this in front of a live audience and see everyone's reactions first hand, let's just say there were a lot of "oh wow!" responses 😲 References 1. Sponsored by: Unpatched devices keeping you up at night? Kolide... Weekly update Weekly Update 386 09 February 2024 Somehow, an hour and a half went by in the blink of an eye this week. The Spoutible incident just has so many interesting aspects to it: loads of data that should never be returned publicly, awesome response time to the disclosure, lacklustre transparency in their disclosure, some really fundamental misunderstands about hashing algorithms and a controversy-laden past if you read back over events of the last year. Phew! No wonder so much time went on this! (and if you want to just jump directly t... Weekly update How Spoutible’s Leaky API Spurted out a Deluge of Personal Data 05 February 2024 Ever hear one of those stories where as it unravels, you lean in ever closer and mutter “No way! No way! NO WAY!” This one, as far as infosec stories go, had me leaning and muttering like never before. Here goes: Last week, someone reached out to me with what they claimed was a Spoutible data breach obtained by exploiting an enumerable API. Just your classic case of putting someone else's username in the URL and getting back data about them, which at first glance I assumed was another scraping... Security Weekly Update 385 05 February 2024 I told ya so. Right from the beginning, it was pretty obvious what "MOAB" was probably going to be and sure enough, this tweet came true: Interesting find by @MayhemDayOne, wonder if it was from a shady breach search service (we’ve seen a bunch shut down over the years)? Either way, collecting and storing this data is now trivial so not a big surprise to see someone screw up their permissions and (re)leak it all. https://t.co/DM7udeUcRk — Troy Hunt (@troyhunt) January 22, 2024 What I didn... Weekly update The Data Breach "Personal Stash" Ecosystem 29 January 2024 I've always thought of it a bit like baseball cards; a kid has a card of this one player that another kid is keen on, and that kid has a card the first one wants so they make a trade. They both have a bunch of cards they've collected over time and by virtue of existing in the same social circles, trades are frequent, and cards flow back and forth on a regular basis. That's the analogy I often use to describe the data breach "personal stash" ecosystem, but with one key difference: if you trade a... Have I Been Pwned Weekly Update 384 28 January 2024 I spent longer than I expected talking about Trello this week, in part because I don't feel the narrative they presented properly acknowledges their responsibility for the incident and in part because I think the impact of scraping in general is misunderstood. I suspect many of us are prone to looking at this in a very binary fashion: if the data is publicly accessible anyway, scraping it poses no risk. But in my view, there's a hell of a big difference between say, looking at one person's perso... Weekly update Weekly Update 383 21 January 2024 They're an odd thing, credential lists. Whether they're from a stealer as in this week's Naz.API incident, or just aggregated from multiple data breaches (which is also in Naz.API), I inevitably get some backlash after loading them: "this doesn't tell me anything useful, why are you loading this?!" The answer is easy: because that's what the vast majority of people want me to do: If I have a MASSIVE spam list full of personal data being sold to spammers, should I load it into @haveibeenpwned?... Weekly update Upcoming Events I often run private workshops around these, here's upcoming events I'll be at: Must Read Data breach disclosure 101: How to succeed after you've failed Data from connected CloudPets teddy bears leaked and ransomed, exposing kids' voice messages Here's how I verify data breaches When a nation is hacked: Understanding the ginormous Philippines data breach How I optimised my life to make my job redundant Don't have Pluralsight already? How about a 10 day free trial? That'll get you access to thousands of courses amongst which are dozens of my own including: OWASP Top 10 Web Application Security Risks for ASP.NET What Every Developer Must Know About HTTPS Hack Yourself First: How to go on the Cyber-Offense The Information Security Big Picture Ethical Hacking: Social Engineering Modernizing Your Websites with Azure Platform as a Service Introduction to Browser Security Headers Ethical Hacking: SQL Injection Web Security and the OWASP Top 10: The Big Picture Ethical Hacking: Hacking Web Applications Older posts Page 1 of 120 Subscribe Subscribe Now! Send new blog posts: daily weekly Hey, just quickly confirm you're not a robot: Submitting... Got it! Check your email, click the confirmation link I just sent you and we're done. Copyright 2024, Troy Hunt This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. In other words, share generously but provide attribution. Disclaimer Opinions expressed here are my own and may not reflect those of others. Unless I'm quoting someone, they're just my own views. Published with Ghost This site runs entirely on Ghost and is made possible thanks to their kind support. Read more about why I chose to use Ghost.