Zemanta - Programmatic Ad Technology Built for Performance Copyright © 2007-2023 Advertiser Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Opt-Out Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Product Zemanta Platform Channels Product Releases Zemanta Glossary Integrations Resources Videos Case Studies Blog For Developers Advertising Glossary Help Center About Us Careers News Contact Us Sign In Request Demo Help Center Select Page Demand-sidePlatformBuilt for Engagement andPerformance Request demo Discover our platform What We Offer Zemanta is the world’s first multi-channel demand-side platform built for engagement and performance. We specialize in outcomes and post-click behavior optimization. We have a great team of experts to help you every step on your way to successful programmatic campaigns. Read more Our product, Zemanta, is built entirely around the idea of helping advertisers generate outcomes – whether visits, views, leads, or conversions – all from their programmatic advertising campaigns. We exist to fundamentally improve the overall online advertising experience in ways that make consumers truly want to interact with advertising. How We Do It Zemanta helps advertisers break free from reach and frequency metrics. Using AI and machine learning Zemanta determines which publishers/platforms, placements and creatives lead to the right users engaging with your ads and websites to deliver desired outcomes and return on ad spend. Read more Through advanced AI and automation, Zemanta empowers advertisers to buy advertising that is optimized for outcomes, making the most of every advertising dollar spent across display, video and native placements on the open web. Our dedicated team provides our clients with guidance and expert tips & tricks that superpower their programmatic advertising campaigns. What Sets Us Apart Zemanta was originally built on a foundation of context and semantics. It doesn’t depend on the third-party cookies or audience targeting.We bid differently. On each impression based on AI-predicted outcomes. We determine the value of each impression for each advertiser, campaign & creative type and bid that amount – we don’t just bid the inputted value. Read more In addition to our industry-leading bidder, Zemanta incorporates your web analytics data into the Zemanta platform, its automated campaign management and bidder. So, unlike other DSPs, we offer seamless Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics integration. This allows you to bid using goals like Cost per Minute on Site (Time on Site).Our solution can target audiences and impressions like other DSPs, but as the world moves away from those approaches we are positioned to help advertisers survive and thrive. Trusted by Brands & Agencies Worldwide What our customers say about us Our loyal customers “I am continually impressed with Zemanta as they listen to users’ needs and regularly add intuitive, useful features to the platform. This helps my team save time running effective campaigns that yield results. Zemanta is one of the top performance-oriented programmatic platforms to be highly considered!” – Sankara Narayanan · Operations Manager, KBR Digital NZ “Zemanta is just a great platform. The bidding algorithm is extremely good. As we do not need to manually bid, it cuts down a lot of time. I don’t know any other platform like this out there.” – Billy Clarke · System1, a global marketing research and effectiveness company “Zemanta is constantly improving the platform and every new feature makes it so much easier to optimize our campaigns daily. From the Creative library to the Zemanta pixel helper plugin, the power to strengthen our campaign performance is at our fingertips. The tools and the awesome people behind the platform take the guesswork out of ad buying.” – Michael Brenner · Marketing Insider Group “We are very impressed with the continuous development and improvement of the Zemanta platform. Fast campaign set-up, a wide range of targeting possibilities, bidding algorithms and access to multiple placements all allow us to run effective native and display campaigns. The new Zemanta Pixel brings all the metrics we need in one place, and will enable us to better optimise campaigns and provide tangible benefits to our clients. Thanks to all these improvements, we have observed an increase in the quality of delivered traffic and an increase in conversion rates.” – Sabina Smołka · Head of Programmatic, INIS Digitree Group Go Beyond the CPM Platform Zemanta’s self-serve programmatic advertising management platform is a straightforward yet powerful answer to the complexity of today’s digital media buying.It allows advertisers to centralize all their digital media buying and adapt their creatives from one single platform across native, video and display on multiple devices.Zemanta offers some of the most advanced features in the industry to empower you and your teams to deliver successful end-to-end programmatic campaigns. Discover our platform Our advanced AI and automation features accurately predict your CTR to minimize CPC, enabling you to acquire traffic in the most cost-effective way possible. Try our demo for free 0.36% Avg. CTR $ 0.10 Avg. CPC $ 0.35 Avg. CPM 8 trillion Number of Auctions Explore Inventory Planning* Inventory Planning is a tool that helps you plan your Zemanta campaigns by showing you the potential reach and cost of your targeting ideas accessing extensive and granular data. Reach. Engage. Convert. Omnichannel Native Leverage the power of Native advertising with a targeted, non-interruptive and highly engaging ad experience across more than 50 native ad exchanges. Learn more Display Apply a performance layer to your Display strategy by going beyond reach and frequency. Get your Display ads in front of engaged customers ready to take action. Learn more Video Maximize awareness and strengthen your brand identity by reaching attentive and qualified customers with eye-catching and immersive Video ads. Learn more Access the World’s Most Premium Publishers & SSPs Supply Partners With direct access to 50+ native, video and display networks across all devices, Zemanta offers unparalleled scale on the world’s most premium publishers and SSPs. Check our supply partners Blog Posts & Updates Latest news See more Zemanta posts Polish Up Your Digital Advertising Holiday Campaigns Dec 7, 2022Read the holiday marketing tips and superpower your advertising campaigns. Why Is My Campaign Not Running Or Why Are My Ads Not Running? Dec 1, 2022Marija, Our Customer Support Team Lead, explains why your ads may not be running or are getting low traffic. Zemanta Was At ATS Singapore 2022: A New Era for Marketing & Advertising Oct 4, 2022In this blog post, we share our experiences from ATS Singapore 2022 and what the event had to offer. Case Studies Success stories … See more case studies Insurance Client Case Study Macif Drives 46% Greater Engagementwith Zemanta See Case Study Technology Client Case Study Cabify Increases App Downloads by 50% with Zemanta See Case Study News Publisher Client Case Study Zemanta reacheshighest user retentionfor Verizon Media See Case Study Zemanta.comAbout Zemanta News Contact Us Careers Help Center Outbrain.com Our ProductZemanta Platform Channels Integrations Product Releases Zemanta Glossary ResourcesVideos Case Studies Blog For Developers API Advertiser Guidelines SSP & Publisher Guidelines Advertising Glossary Request Demo Copyright © 2007-2023 Advertiser Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Opt-Out Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information