The best G DATA of all time - Test our security software 2022 MENU Business Private user Antivirus Antivirus for Windows Basic protection with next-generation technology Antivirus for Mac All-around protection specially designed for macOS Best protection for all devices Internet Security Relaxed surfing - no matter with which device Total Security Maximum protection for all your devices Compare software Which security solution is right for you? On the way Mobile Internet Security for Android Protect your mobile life Mobile Internet Security for iOS The greatest security for your constant companions Find mobile device Keep an eye on your mobile devices More privacy G DATA VPN Secure VPN software so you can surf anonymously Extend license Free trial Contact Help and service About G DATA Inventor of the Antivirus We have been making the digital world safe since 1987 Cybersecurity – Made in Germany Quality seal as helpful orientation Newsroom News at a glance Career Find your new job Apply now More information: Awards Management Directions More on IT security: Security Blog Consulting FAQ Shop Support Webinars Download MY G DATA Digital security for your successful future. G DATA prepares you optimally for cyber threats and opens up all possibilities for you in the digital future. E-mail or e-crime? Business cloud or business crime? Attachment or attack? Big data or big risk? Working from home or hackers in the house? Scroll down Optimally protected with strong IT security solutions. 600.000 malicious files examined by our experts every day 143billion € in damage prevented by G DATA solutions in 2017 35years of experience in the fight againstcyber threats 500 employees working for your security Award-winning security. Do you value an independent recommendation? G DATA security solutions are regularly tested and awarded by renowned institutes.Techconsult GmbHG DATA is excellent in terms of both malware protection and e-mail security.Trade journal COMPUTERWOCHE438 million sources, one question: how positive is the image of IT security providers on the Internet? The result: G DATA is Germany's most trustworthy provider!Virus Bulletin August 2019G DATA Antivirus achieves best values in reactive and proactive detection and defense against malware. Have we convinced you? Choose the right solution for your needs now. Private user Business Are you already a customer? Renew your license now or switch to another G DATA security solution. Extend or switch Why choose G DATA? End-to-end cyber defense G DATA developed the world’s first antivirus software in 1987. Today, we defend our customers against all kinds of cybercrime with end-to-end solutions and services using the most advanced security software and AI technologies and even offering online security awareness training to teach safe behavior to employees. Always there for you G DATA customer support is available 24/7/365, with support teams and the G DATA SecurityLab working hand-in-hand at the same location. Independent tests prove that G DATA IT security solutions provide best attack detection rates for effectively combating Trojans, malware and even unknown viruses. News all News Blog01/22/2024My 6 Security Predictions for 2024… 12/06/2023Peeking under the hood 12/01/2023Looking for the Beacon To the G DATA blog GuidebookWhat actually isthe Darknet? Secure passwords– The easy way to better security What actually isRansomware? To the guidebook International Europe België | Belgique Deutschland España France Italia Nederland Österreich Polska Portugal Schweiz United Kingdom North-America Canada USA Central- & South-America Latin America Brazil Asia 日本 Global Website Popular Free Trial Renew your license Compare windows products Extend your Product Lost login data? Cooperations Become a partner Partnerweb Affiliates G DATA Newsroom Awards Company Profile Jobs Service Statistics - Malware Information Initiative Blog Media Center Submit a suspicious file, app or URL Vulnerability Disclosure PUA Detection Guidelines Imprint Terms & Conditions Cancellation policy EULA Privacy policy © 2024 G DATA CyberDefense AG. All rights reserved.