Create Free Online Forms & Surveys in 2 Mins | Formplus social-facebook facebook cloud lock google instagram twitter linkedin Log in Solution Online Surveys Data Collection Registration Form Application Form E-Signature Booking/Reservations Payment Forms Order Forms Offline Forms Contact Forms Sign-Up Forms Templates Features Security GDPR Compliant Private Forms PCI Complaint Subdomain Secure Form Form Options Digital signature Mobile Forms Location Enabled Forms Multi-Page Form Customization Integrations Google Sheet Integrations Payment Cloud Storage Zapier Integration Teams & Analytics Multiple users and Teams Form Analytics Data Import & Export Sharing Options Embeddable Forms Custom Form Link Wordpress Form Embed Notifications Email Invitation Confirmation Emails Notify Teammates Periodic Notification Document Merge Resources Blog Information, how-to and guides to data collection and surveys. Resources Questionnaire examples and project ideas Support All the help you need on using Formplus Pricing Log in Sign up Let forms do the work Switch to a paperless office with functional online and offline(beta) forms Get Started for Free Collect The Information You Need Online Survey maker Get incredible insights. Design beautiful online surveys to collect data from customers, employees, and research. Create Online Forms Save time and effort with formplus. With our customisation and multiple field options, you CAN create online forms for applications, payments, registration, and more! PDF Builder Use formplus pdf builder to create downloadable pdf documents, such as legal contracts, quizzes, questionnaires, forms and many more! We are able to be more organized internally and more efficient in processing our customer requests since we started using Formplus. Their customer service has been excellent the few times we've had questions, and we appreciate the support and updates they provide MCAM MCAM NorthWest Formplus has increased our reach and interactions with clients enabling us to respond and advise clients on next action steps quickly Sarah Berry Career Consultants We use Formplus for employee half-yearly performance appraisals. The dynamic questions based on another question feature helped us, which many forms in the market don't have. Its ability to sync with Google Sheet helped us in creating deep analysis and helped in making individual reports. Vishnu Gensol We use Formplus for online registration of ballet classes and programs. Formplus enabled us to gather relevant information from our customers and allowed them to register and pay for classes online一completely contactless! This was absolutely critical during the COVID-19 shutdown. PAB Pennsylvania Academy of Ballet I found Formplus and looked at the specifications, capabilities and the fact that it allowed file uploads. I played around for a bit, got it to work the way I wanted it to, and I knew that it was a great starting point. Amanda Yellow Dandelion Using Formplus has decreased our time and cost ten times over: we have saved ourselves some paper and the cost of printing out paper applications. This also means that we can access data much quicker and documents can easily be uploaded for review before we accept students in our school. It is also 100% faster to obtain enrollment applications. Virginia Polk State College Charter Schools Previous Next 6685+ Trusted users 12597566+ Received responses 124430+ Forms created Powerful form building solution for everyone No-Code Forms With 20+ field types and hundreds of form templates, you too can create beautiful well-tailored online forms in no time. Calculate scores, collect signatures, and receive files with responsive online forms optimized for mobile. Create Supercharged Web Forms Connect forms to popular apps like Google Sheets, Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, and Dropbox with just a click! Formplus integrates with these native apps to help you work the way you want. Do More With Form data Make graphs from form entries, and translate submitted data into charts using key metrics. Monitor form performance and identify traffic source and location with Formplus Analytics. Share Forms Anywhere Prefer to share secure form links to receive responses or embed your form on your website? Either way, Formplus forms are responsive and can be filled from any device. Notify Those That Matter Send customized emails to the people that need it. Easily convert form data to PDF files and share with respondents Save Time and Collaborate Invite your team to your account, assign roles and permissions to team members, granting them editing, viewing or sharing access. Integrations to power your forms Google Drive Google Sheets Dropbox Trello Slack Salesforce Airtable Mailchimp Discord Asana FreshDesk Wordpress Basecamp SMS by Zapier Google Contacts Google Drive Google Sheets Dropbox Trello Slack Salesforce Airtable Mailchimp Discord Asana FreshDesk Wordpress Basecamp SMS by Zapier Google Contacts Breezy HR Stripe MySQL Flutterwave Paystack Paypal Active Campaign Google Calendar Gmail Twilio Twitter Acuity Scheduling Zendesk Webhooks Keap Podio Google Docs Breezy HR Stripe MySQL Flutterwave Paystack Paypal Active Campaign Google Calendar Gmail Twilio Twitter Acuity Scheduling Zendesk Webhooks Keap Podio Google Docs See more Trusted Users More Than Just Data Build forms, receive quality responses, create charts, track form performance and more with Formplus Get Started for Free Product Pages Application Forms Booking Forms Payment Forms Survey Forms Order Forms Quiz Maker Registration Forms Quick Links Sign up Log in Pricing Support Contact Us Resources Resources Templates Customers Convince your team Enterprise Solutions Sitemap FAQ Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions All Rights Reserved © Formplus