Home - The DAISY Consortium Skip to main navigationSkip to main contentSkip to footer The DAISY Consortium Creating the best ways to read and publish CheckoutMy account Menu Search for: Search News & Events Technologies, Projects and Services Information & Help About Us Skip to menu toggle button Home Home Search for: Our StoryThe DAISY Consortium has a rich history which started with audio and now positively impacts specialist and mainstream reading around the world. Read the story of DAISY Global ReachDAISY is an international non-profit membership organization working with over 150 partners all around the world to improve access to reading for people with print disabilities Join Us... Shaping the Technology of TomorrowAt DAISY we work closely with technology companies and standards agencies to ensure that the reading and publishing technology of tomorrow provide an accessible future for all. The Voice of ExperienceDAISY has been leading standards and good practice in accessible digital publications for over 20 years - drawing on the expertise of our members with collective experience of over 1,500 years! Find out more About Us.. Welcome You've found the DAISY Consortium website, the home of tools, standards, advice and best practices for publishing and reading to ensure accessibility for people with print disabilities in both specialist and mainstream formats. We have lots to share, so do please explore, but the News, and Latest Updates and Quick Links below are a great place to start. Articles Barriers to Accessible Reading in Developing Countries At DAISY we are working to facilitate access to information globally, including parts of the world with the most limited access to resources. To ensure the best results we need… Continue reading… Continue reading “Barriers to Accessible Reading in Developing Countries”… Free Microsoft Tools for Non-Profit Organizations In almost all sectors around the world, commercial, educational, government, and non-profit, people use Microsoft tools in their daily work. From an accessibility perspective this makes perfect sense with all… Continue reading… Continue reading “Free Microsoft Tools for Non-Profit Organizations”… ICEVI Africa Region 2023 Event Report ICEVI Africa Region organised a 3 day conference from 10-12, October 2023 in Nairobi Kenya. Several international development organisations such as ICEVI Global, Deaf-Blind International, DAISY Consortium, Kilimanjaro Blind Trust… Continue reading… Continue reading “ICEVI Africa Region 2023 Event Report”… News BOINIT Launch Korean Word to DAISY Format Service February 26, 2024 Named BUCC, the Boin Universal Contents Converter is a web service for converting Microsoft Word documents to the DAISY format.… Continue reading… Continue reading “BOINIT Launch Korean Word to DAISY Format Service”… BANA Presents Braille Excellence Award January 5, 2024 The Braille Authority of North America (BANA) has awarded Dr. Sarah Morley Wilkins the Darleen Bogart BANA Braille Excellence Award… Continue reading… Continue reading “BANA Presents Braille Excellence Award”… Congratulations to ABC Excellence Awards Winners 2023 October 30, 2023 Many congratulations to the winners of the Accessible Books Consortium International Excellence Awards for Accessible Publishing, announced today at The Sharjah Book… Continue reading… Continue reading “Congratulations to ABC Excellence Awards Winners 2023”… Upcoming Events Microsoft Ability Summit 2024Date: March 7, 2024Learn more on the Microsoft Ability websiteCSUN Assistive Technology Conference 2024March 18, 2024 - March 22, 2024Anaheim, California, USAInclusive Africa Conference 2024May 14, 2024 - May 16, 2024Nairobi, KenyaDAISY AGM 2024Date: May 30, 2024Paris, FranceTactile Reading Conference 2025June 2, 2025 - June 4, 2025Amsterdam, The NetherlandsFull list of events Newsletter Subscribe to the DAISY Newsletter for regular updates on accessibility news and events, as well as practical advice and reports from around the world. First Name* Last Name* Email Address* CAPTCHA Quicklinks InclusivePublishing.org - the source for news, events and advice on creating single publications everyone can use. Standards - details on EPUB, the DAISY format and our various specifications. Tools - read about our software developments, including Ace, Obi, Tobi, Pipeline and WordToEPUB. Network Partners - learn more about our global network for communication and collaboration. What People Say... All readers, including those without print disabilities have benefited significantly from the incredible and sustained contributions that the DAISY Consortium has and continues to make to mainstream publishing standards. The DAISY Format has changed the lives of people around the world, enabling access to education and providing a lifeline for leisure readers who would otherwise struggle to access publications. Skip back to main navigation © 2024 The DAISY Consortium | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy |Back to top ↑