VnExpress International - Latest Vietnam news, business, sports, life, travel reviews and analyses from VnExpress, Vietnam’s leading news website The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on Edition: International | Vietnamese Home News Education Environment Traffic Crime Business DataSpeaks Property Markets Companies Economy Exchange rate Money Travel Places Food & Recipes Guide Life Trend Arts Celebrities Vogue Love Wellness World Perspectives Readers' Views Premium Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved. Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper Vietnamese Edition | Contact us | Follow us on News Education Environment Traffic Crime Business DataSpeaks Property Markets Companies Economy Exchange rate Money Travel Places Food & Recipes Guide Life Trend Arts Celebrities Vogue Love Wellness Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports World Perspectives Readers' Views All sections News Education Environment Traffic Crime Business DataSpeaks Property Markets Companies Economy Exchange rate Money Travel Places Food & Recipes Guide Life Trend Arts Celebrities Vogue Love Wellness Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports World Perspectives Readers' Views Trending Visa exemption race Van Thinh Phat scandal Drunk driving law Property market prospects Successful 'rescue' of 7-member H’Mong family on motorbike journey After discovering a video of a seven-member H’Mong family journeying on a motorbike through northern Vietnam's provinces in search of work, Pham Ngoc Toan was moved to action. Mark Zuckerberg, wife shine in luxury at Asia’s richest billionaire Ambani heir’s pre-wedding Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan stood out in designer ensembles by Alexander McQueen and Cartier at the pre-wedding event of Anant Ambani, the youngest son of Asia’s richest billionaire Mukesh Ambani. Thai industrial developer WHA eyes southern Vietnam action Thailand’s largest industrial estate developer WHA Group has proposed to develop an industrial and residential complex in the southern province of Ba Ria – Vung Tau. Why Truong My Lan’s Hong Kong billionaire husband is in the dock in fraud trial Hong Kong billionaire Eric Chu is accused of aiding his wife Truong My Lan, property developer Van Thinh Phat’s chairwoman, misappropriate money from Saigon Commercial Bank (SCB). Most Read Most Commented Hanoi's air quality is 'very unhealthy' Tuesday 1 Vietnamese woman poised to claim title as world's oldest living person 2 Australia’s limited work, rising prices hit international students 3 Asia’s wealthiest billionaire Ambani dedicates $152M to son’s pre-wedding festivities 4 Lee Lung Kei accused of capitalizing on 37-year-younger fiancée’s detention for financial gain 5 Bill Gates visits Da Nang, Hoi An 6 Dollar climbs back to year-to-date peak 7 Spanish tourist gang-raped in India 8 Van Thinh Phat chairwoman Truong My Lan’s $12B fraud trial begins 9 6 fruits that assist in detoxification and alleviating fullness 10 Vietnam aims for 15 doctors per 10,000 people by 2025 1 Dining in Earth's largest cave Son Doong 2 Tourist shocked by $4 sugarcane juice in world's costliest city Singapore 3 Over $40,000 in cash found in trash 4 Malaysians outraged after pork soup gets national heritage 5 New policies shifting international students away from Australia, Canada, UK: reports 6 Putting a stop to the noise epidemic 7 Thailand, China start permanently waiving visas for each other 8 News Traffic Environment Education Crime Drunk bus driver found transporting 10 passengers on HCMC expressway A bus driver was fined VND7 million (US$283.40) and had his license revoked for 11 months after drunk driving while carrying 10 passengers on the HCMC-Dau Giay expressway on Tuesday. Vietnam requests Samsung to help train 50,000 semiconductor engineers Deputy Prime Minister Tran Luu Quang has requested Samsung to help Vietnam train 50,000 semiconductor engineers by 2030. Man fined $300 for revealing traffic police checkpoints on livestream A man in central Quang Binh Province was fined VND7.5 million ($304) for publishing a half-hour livestream to reveal locations of traffic police DUI checkpoints. Philippine university's Taylor Swift course draws 300 students A new course about the life and artistry of American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift at the University of the Philippines (UP) has so far attracted 300 students. Six km of wires stolen from surveillance cameras on HCMC bridges Over 6,000 m of cables connecting surveillance cameras placed under HCMC’s bridges have been stolen, resulting in losses of VND300 million (US$12,150) and affecting waterway traffic. Southern Vietnam continues to sizzle in March Vietnam’s south has been experiencing an unusual heatwave during the past three weeks, and the hot weather has been predicted to continue through March with temperatures reaching up to 39 degrees Celsius. Vietnam wind turbine blade collapse results in $8M loss Over 100 tons of wind turbine blades collapsed in the Mekong Delta province of Bac Lieu on Friday, causing VND200 billion (US$8.1 million) in company losses, announced the provincial People's Committee. Business Economy Companies Property Markets Money Defendants in court for $12.4B Van Thinh Phat fraud case Van Thinh Phat chairwoman Truong My Lan and other key defendants, including her husband, Hong Kong billionaire Eric Chu, and niece Truong Hue Van were in court Tuesday for allegedly misappropriating VND304 trillion ($12.4 billion) from Saigon Commercial Bank. Stocks reach six-month high Wife of Asia’s richest billionaire Ambani most powerful woman in Indian media Ministry rescinds proposal to cap individual housing sales, leases at 5 units annually Bitcoin surges past $68,000, in sight of record high HCMC villa, townhouse prices top million dollars Taylor Swift concert to contribute $400M to Singapore's economy Dollar stays elevated against dong Gold prices continue to rise DataSpeaks Vietnam subsidiaries contribute 33% to Samsung profit Samsung's four factories in Vietnam contributed 33% to the South Korean tech giant's $11.8 billion profit in 2023. Travel Places Food & Recipes Guide Australia plans 10-year visa for frequent travelers from Southeast Asia Australia is to consider extending its 10-year frequent traveler visa scheme to tourists of eligible ASEAN countries as well as Timor Leste to drive tourism recovery. Bill Gates visits Da Nang, Hoi An American billionaire Bill Gates and his girlfriend arrived in Da Nang on Monday morning for tourism purposes after attending a pre-wedding party of Asia's richest billionaire Mukesh Ambani's son in India. Vietnam among top 10 graduation destinations of 2024 Vietnam has secured the 5th position among the top 10 best graduation trips to undertake in 2024, recognized for its affordability, according to travel magazine Lonely Planet. Railway tours to enjoy Lang Co Bay set to open Tourists are about to be able to experience a unique journey along the Hue - Da Nang railway line, passing by the enchanting Lang Co Bay, which is often referred to as "paradise." Singapore increases trains to pick up hordes of Taylor Swift fans Leading multi-modal public transport operator SMRT has increased the frequency of trains at Stadium MRT station to bring tourists home safely during Taylor Swift's six-night Eras Tour concert. Indian police hunt more suspects in gang rape of Spanish tourist Three Indian men have appeared in court after the gang rape of a Spanish tourist on a motorbike trip with her husband, with police hunting four other suspects, reports have said. Daughter-in-law of bank tycoon enjoys Singapore food tour Miss Vietnam 2016 Do My Linh and her businessman husband Do Vinh Quang, son of bank tycoon Do Quang Hien, explored Singaporean cuisine during their trip to the city-state to watch Taylor Swift's concert. Life Trend Arts Celebrities Vogue Love Wellness Supermodel Miranda Kerr welcomes fourth child with billionaire husband Evan Spiegel Australian model and businesswoman Miranda Kerr joyfully welcomed a new child with her American billionaire husband Evan Spiegel last week. Is it safe to consume decorative kumquats? I own a decorative kumquat tree that is currently laden with large, ripe fruit. Is it possible for me to cook or consume these fruits? (Thu, 22, Hanoi) My wife rebukes me for buying home appliance without her consent Feeling diminished, I finally expressed to my wife the need for her respect after years of restraint. Lovebirds use Taylor Swift’s Singapore shows to propose A Chinese Taylor Swift fan got a delightful surprise when her boyfriend knelt at her feet as she danced at the pop icon’s recent concert in Singapore. Bill Gates attends pre-wedding of Asia's richest billionaire Ambani's son with girlfriend Bill Gates, accompanied by his girlfriend Paula Hurd, joined a star-studded gathering of billionaires at a lavish US$120-million celebration for the impending marriage of Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani's son. Blackpink’s Lisa spotted in Vietnamese designer outfit at Singapore Eras Tour Lisa, of the K-pop group Blackpink, attended the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift’s Singapore concert wearing a hoodie created by Vietnamese brand BEAT Unbeaten. Playboy model says DiCaprio ‘too old’ after kiss Dutch Playboy model Hieke Konings recently claimed to have shared a kiss with Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio in an exclusive Los Angeles nightclub, however, she criticized him as being "too weird and too old." Sports Football Boxing Marathon Tennis Golf Other sports Steeplechaser puts on burst of speed to elude chasing dog, wins race SEA Games gold medalist Nguyen Trung Cuong said he ran faster after being chased by a dog while participating in a cross-country race in Hai Duong. Female boxers hope to punch tickets to Paris Olympics Six female Vietnamese boxers and their coaches are in Busto Arsizio, Italy, to compete at the world qualification tournament to seek berths at the 2024 Olympics Paris. New South Korea coach behind Son Heung-min, Lee Kang-in reconciliation The reconciliation of formerly-feuding South Korean footballers Son Heung-min and Lee Kang-in was facilitated by Hwang Sun-hong, new interim manager of South Korea national football team, newspaper Donga Iibo reported. VG Corp becomes new investor in Hidden Castle Golf Club VG Corp has become the new investor in Hidden Castle Golf Club's indoor golf technology system, aiming to enhance the Vietnamese golfing experience. Vietnamese billiards player wins third global title to rise to world's number two Vietnam's top billiards player, Tran Quyet Chien, defeated Egypt's Sameh Sidhom 50-44 after 31 turns to win the Three-Cushion World Cup for the third time. Vietnamese badminton star loses Germany Open final to Danish opponent Vietnam's top female badminton player Nguyen Thuy Linh underperformed and lost to the sixth seed Mia Blichfeldt of Denmark in the final of the 2024 German Open. British teacher wins 5 km distance at Ho Chi Minh City midnight race It took Fushia Emily Clayton 20 minutes and 41 seconds to be the champion at the 5 km distance of the VPBank VnExpress Marathon Ho Chi Minh City Midnight on Sunday. Perspectives Giap Van Duong How can Vietnam bring in more international students? Readers' Views I don't understand why some parents neglect their children My family has a couple in their 30s. They have a 10-year-old son who is in 4th grade, their only child, and they have left him in the care of his maternal grandparents since he was young. Putting a stop to the noise epidemic Everyone complains about the karaoke noise epidemic, but I have never seen a regulatory body bring a noise measuring device to check the levels in my neighborhood. People shouldn't cry over IELTS not accepted for high school admission There will be many consequences if students with IELTS certificates are exempted from exams or given bonus points for high school admission, according to VnExpress readers. World South Korea begins licence suspension process against striking doctors Singapore’s deal with Taylor Swift not a hostile act towards neighbors: PM China ends 30-year tradition: Premier's annual press conference Thailand facilitates transfer of 900 scam victims from Myanmar to China Events VPBank VnExpress Marathon Ho Chi Minh City Midnight 2024 VnExpress Marathon Huế 2024 VnExpress Marathon Quy Nhơn 2024 VnExpress Marathon Đà Nẵng 2024 VnExpress Marathon Nha Trang 2024 VnExpress Marathon Hạ Long 2024 VnExpress Marathon Hải Phòng 2024 Back to top Subscribe the VnExpress International Subscribe News Business Economy Industries Companies DataSpeaks Money Travel Places Food & Recipes Life Trend Arts Celebrities Vogue Sports Perspectives Contact us Advertise with us: 090 293 9644 Download App International Subsidiary of VnExpress License number: 71/GP-CBC, Ministry of Information and Communications, September 22, 2021 © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net. All rights reserved.