Book Industry Study Group | BISG Skip to content 0 Items in your cart View Cart 0 Cart Join Login Contact BISAC (Free) Complete BISAC Subject Headings Purchase/Download Complete BISAC List BISAC FAQ COMMITTEES Metadata Committee Rights Committee Subject Codes Committee Supply Chain Committee Workflow Committee MEMBERSHIP Become a Member Member Directory - Companies Opportunities ABOUT Board Staff News BISG Bylaws EVENTS Calendar Annual Meeting 2024 Annual Meeting 2023 Previous Webinars Educational Webinars POLICY & RESEARCH Policy Research DIGITAL RESOURCES Contact Join Login Book Industry Study Group Who We Are: Advancing a more informed, empowered and efficient book business. See More Book Industry Study Group Subject Codes: BISAC codes that reflect market and consumer interest. See More Book Industry Study Group Join A Committee: Bringing together important voices to shape the future of the industry. See More BISG Runs on Committees Our committees are made up of members who want to help shape standards and best practices, connect with each other, understand industry issues and trends and collectively solve the pressing problems facing the book business. METADATA RIGHTS SUBJECT CODES SUPPLY CHAIN WORKFLOW Strategy. Service. Standards. As the leading publishing association for industry best practices, research, education and events, BISG brings people together to move the book business forward — one collective idea at a time. More About Us CONNECT The future of the industry starts with you Become a member AMPLIFY Lifting up the work of others Sign up for our newsletter IMPROVE Building a better book business View BISAC codes “BISG helps us understand the trends that are impacting the way people and publishers are interacting with their content. They…act like a think tank for what the official policies, procedures and guidelines are.” Tyler Carey, Chief Revenue Officer Westchester Publishing Services, BISG Member and Workflow Committee Member Past Events View Calendar Upcoming Events Mar 5 Workflow Committee Meeting 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM EST Details Mar 6 Sustainability Working Group Meeting 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM EST Details Mar 6 Audiobook Working Group Meeting 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM EST Details Events Calendar Meet Our Members We’re made up of a diverse collection of commercial organizations, nonprofits, and libraries, as well as consultants, entrepreneurs, individuals, and associations. All are thinkers, doers, creators, and problem-solvers who are passionate about the book industry, including: Publishers Manufacturers Wholesalers & Distributors Libraries Retailers Industry Partners Join Us Events: Where the book industry comes together From the supply chain to sustainability, process improvement to real-world problem solving, we offer frequent online and in-person events that capture what matters to you. Browse Events Policy and Research: Shaping the conversation From the archives to present day, we’re constantly looking for ways to shape the conversation around what’s important in the book industry including white papers, industry trends and more. Dive In Resources: Sharing industry best practices From improving product visibility and increasing revenue, to developing standards and implementing best practices, our guides and toolkits are available when you need them. Access Resources The Organization About BISG Our Board Corporate Documents BISG Policies Core Resources BISAC Codes BISAC FAQs Events & Webinars Barcodes & Labels Press & News BISG News Press Archive News & Media Inquiries Get in Touch Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions 232 Madison Avenue Suite 1200New York, NY 10016 — 646.336.7141 Association Management Software Copyright © 2024 - Book Industry Study Group. Legal × Membership & Account Access Create an Account View Membership Information