CT.GOV-Connecticut's Official State Website Skip to Content Warning! It seems that JavaScript is not working in your browser. It could be because it is not supported, or that JavaScript is intentionally disabled. Some of the features on CT.gov will not function properly with out javascript enabled. × Settings Menu Language High Contrast High Contrast Mode On or Off switch On Off Font Size regular font size large font size Disclaimer Close Connecticut's Official State Website Language + Settings Top Services and Information Business Driving and Transportation Education Government Health and Human Services Jobs and Employment Land and Environment Public Safety Recreation Revenue Search Bar for CT.gov Search Most Popular Apply for State Job Openings Connecticut Judicial Branch Departments and Agencies myconneCT - File, Pay & Register Taxes Online Judicial Case Lookup More Services Sign Up for a Free Prescription Drug Discount Card All Connecticut residents regardless of age or income are now eligible for a program giving them a discount on certain medication at their pharmacy. CTPrepares: Emergency Management News and Resources Preparedness information and updates on severe weather events. Stay Warm with CT Energy Assistance Programs Assistance is available to help households keep their homes warm this winter. CTVisit From family day trips to romantic getaways and fun events. Find great ways to explore dining, lodging, and attractions in Connecticut. CT Government Governor Ned Lamont Together, we will revitalize Connecticut’s economy to bring opportunity and prosperity to every one of our communities. Lt. Governor Susan Bysiewicz We are committed to equal pay, good-paying jobs, excellent public schools in every neighborhood, and an environment that nurtures entrepreneurship and shares its rewards. Executive: Departments and Agencies Judicial Opens in a new window Opens in a new window Legislative Opens in a new window Opens in a new window Cities and Towns For State Employees Veterans Elections and Voting Connecticut Open Data Opens in a new window Opens in a new window State Agency Public Meeting Calendar Opens in a new window Opens in a new window Flag Status Recent News 02/21/2024 Governor Lamont Announces Applications Now Being Accepted for New Members To Serve on the Connecticut Office of Early Childhood's Parent Cabinet 02/14/2024 Governor Lamont Signs Legislation Approving $17 Million To Cover Federal Gap in Winter Heating Assistance 02/14/2024 Governor Lamont Asks Legislature To Approve Funding Increase for Early Childhood Education 02/07/2024 Governor Lamont's 2024 State of the State Address 02/01/2024 Connecticut Department of Education Invests $4 Million to Support Educators Across the State Policies Accessibility About CT Directories Social Media For State Employees United States FULL Connecticut FULL © 2016 CT.gov | Connecticut's Official State Website