University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School Skip to main content For Alumni For Students For Faculty For Staff Library Support the Law School Search Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Search Penn Carey Law Academics A dynamic, cross-disciplinary legal education Academics Degree Requirements Joint Degrees & Certificates Legal Practice Skills Registrar Clinics & Externships Journals Academic Support Program International Affairs Future of the Profession Initiative Legal Education Programs Executive Education Academic Calendar Learning Outcomes Advocacy Competitions Admissions Begin your journey Admissions JD Admissions LLM & Graduate Programs Master in Law Financial Aid Visiting Penn Carey Law ABA Careers Fostering the professional success of students and alumni Careers For Current Students For Employers For Alumni Employment Statistics Calendar Equity & Inclusion Cultivating a diverse and inclusive intellectual community Equity and Inclusion Access Anti-Bias Support & Reporting Toolkit Anti-Bias Programs Dialogue Initiatives Scholarships Resources Community Voices Events Our Team Faculty & Research Transformative work from renowned interdisciplinary scholars Faculty & Research Faculty Directory Research & Scholarship Centers & Institutes Academic Fellowships Faculty In the News Public Interest A community anchored in service Public Interest Toll Public Interest Center Pro Bono Public Interest Events Government Support for Public Interest Seeking Pro Bono Services? Clinics & Externships News The intellectual vitality of our community News Recently Featured In the News Calendar Faculty Perspectives Pathways to the Profession Academics Degree Requirements Joint Degrees & Certificates Legal Practice Skills Registrar Clinics & Externships Journals Academic Support Program International Affairs Future of the Profession Initiative Legal Education Programs Executive Education Academic Calendar Learning Outcomes Advocacy Competitions Admissions JD Admissions LLM & Graduate Programs Master in Law Financial Aid Visiting Penn Carey Law ABA Careers For Current Students For Employers For Alumni Employment Statistics Calendar Equity and Inclusion Access Anti-Bias Support & Reporting Toolkit Anti-Bias Programs Dialogue Initiatives Scholarships Resources Community Voices Events Our Team Faculty & Research Faculty Directory Research & Scholarship Centers & Institutes Academic Fellowships Faculty In the News Public Interest Toll Public Interest Center Pro Bono Public Interest Events Government Support for Public Interest Seeking Pro Bono Services? Clinics & Externships News Recently Featured In the News Calendar Faculty Perspectives Pathways to the Profession For Alumni For Students For Faculty For Staff Library Support the Law School Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) 27th Annual Latin American Law Student Association Conference On February 24, Penn Carey Law’s LALSA hosted “The Intersection of Immigration Law and Latino Representation.” Immigration & Transnational Law, Social Justice, Equity, & Inclusion, Student Journals & Organizations Featured StoriesMore News The Fear of Playing a Fool At The Regulatory Review, Prof. Tess Wilkinson-Ryan L’05, G’06, PhD’08 discusses the role of human psychology in legal and regulatory systems. Thurgood Marshall Moot Court Competition National Championship Kanyinsola Ajayi L’24 and Ty Parks L’24 have advanced to the finals, which will be held in Houston, Texas from March 8-9, 2024. Protecting the Right to Seek Asylum At The Hill, Transnational Legal Clinic Director Sarah Paoletti urges representatives to “take a long, hard look at the ways our immigration and deportation systems are failing people who are in harm’s way.” Supreme Court Arguments on Social Media Laws CTIC Academic Director Justin (Gus) Hurwitz discusses what the Court’s ruling could mean for the future of social media. A Cross-Disciplinary Curriculum A Cross-Disciplinary Curriculum We believe the lawyers of tomorrow will also be experts in business, communications, health, technology, international studies, social work, education, and emergent fields. As an essential part of the University of Pennsylvania family, we allow our students to enrich their legal education by offering them the opportunity to take graduate level courses at one of our sister schools as well as joint degrees or certificates of study. We also welcome into our classrooms students whose careers and educations cross sectors and international lines. Students pursuing Master in Law and LLM degrees enrich and diversify our course discussions, contributing to the Law School’s overarching mission to provide the finest and most comprehensive legal education for all students. Explore Degree Programs Real World Career Success Real-World Career Success University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School students consistently pursue careers at top law firms, leading public interest organizations, government bodies, and academic institutions across the country and around the world. The strength of our programs coupled with our extensive alumni network ensure that graduates can enter the market working in the fields they love, writing the future of law both nationally and internationally. See Our Career Outcomes A Collegial Environment A Collegial Environment The University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School’s inclusive, welcoming community works collaboratively toward one common goal: to lead the future of law. We invite students, faculty, and staff to challenge the norm in a rigorous but supportive environment. For many in our community, the Law School represents a common ground where warmth, inclusivity, and the pursuit of knowledge are shared values. Find Yourself in Our Community Commitment to Community Commitment to Community The Law School’s approach to legal education has always been anchored in its unwavering commitment to pro bono service. Our award-winning commitment to the community provides our students opportunities that focus on impactful service and professional skill development. Discover Our Commitment Upcoming EventsView All March 11, 2024 Israel, Gaza, and International Law Join Penn Carey Law faculty experts for a panel discussion about Israel, Gaza, and International Law. Professor Claire Finkelstein and Professor Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein will discuss legal aspects of the current conflict, drawing on their expertise in the law of armed conflict and human rights law. Professor Jean Galbraith will moderate. March 12, 2024 Day in the Life as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of NY Please join the Penn Carey Law Women’s Association (PCLWA), the Toll Public Interest Center (TPIC), and the Office of Career Services (OCS) for a “Day in the Life as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of NY” on March 12, 2024 from 12:00-1:30 pm in Gittis 213. Our panelists will include Penn alum and current AUSAs Danielle Marryshow, Rushmi Bhaskaran, and Kaylan Lasky, along with the Executive Assistant U.S. Attorney Neil Corwin. The conversation will address the day-to-day experience, opportunities within the Office, and how to get involved. Lunch will be provided and we will leave time for Q&A. Open to all law students. RSVP here. March 12, 2024 Goodwin 1L Reception **This event is open to Penn Carey Law 1Ls only** Connect with Us Career Services at the Law SchoolExplore Degree ProgramsVisit Us University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School 3501 Sansom Street Philadelphia, PA 19104 215.898.7483 Centers & Institutes Library Academic Calendar Event Calendar Administration Penn Contact Support Us Jobs Copyright 2024 University of Pennsylvania Carey Law School. All Rights Reserved. Report Accessibility Issues and Get Help | The Fine Print Site Login