Music Ally Is A Knowledge Company 👋 THE KNOWLEDGE: our weekly mix of the best news, analysis, and insider tips from across Music Ally's services. It's FREE, fun*, and every Friday. Plus receive a copy of the Sandbox Music Marketing Campaigns of the Year 2023 Report! Sign up here: *actual levels of fun may vary Close Subscribe to Music Ally Sign In My Account Search for: Search Music Industry News Podcast Jobs Events Knowledge Skills Marketing Top Stories Artificial Intelligence Sandbox Campaigns of the Year Latest Quarterly Report 🇯🇵 Music Ally Japan Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter LinkedIn Close KnowledgeNews Focus Podcast Quarterly Reports Country Profiles SandboxSandbox Hub Sandbox Guide Behind the Campaign Tools Campaigns Campaigns of the Year SkillsLearn Marketing EventsUpcoming Events SubscribersSubscribe to Music Ally Sign In Academic Services Academic Sign In Music AllyMusic Industry Jobs About Music Ally Contact FAQ Accessibility Skip to content Top Stories Artificial Intelligence Sandbox Campaigns of the Year Latest Quarterly Report 🇯🇵 Music Ally Japan Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter LinkedIn Menu Music Ally Music industry consultancy covering digital music marketing and strategy Music Industry News Podcast Jobs Events Knowledge Skills Marketing Subscribe to Music Ally Sign In My Account Open Search Search for: Search Menu Home Music Ally: Knowledge and skills for the modern global music business. Music Ally helps people learn, grow, and build sustainable careers where music and technology meets – through thought-leading analysis, training, events, and hands-on work. Knowledge Music Ally’s news is real-time daily analysis for the global music business. Learn More » Skills The music industry’s one-stop shop for digital marketing, technology & business learning. Learn More » Events Bringing together the people, ideas, and discussions that build tomorrow’s music business. Learn More » LATEST MUSIC INDUSTRY NEWS News Hipgnosis Songs Fund shares fall after catalogue revaluation March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 News Hybe increases its stake in fellow K-Pop firm SM Entertainment March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 News Sony Music shuts down its Prism Project virtual-talent brand March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 Read all News >> SUBSCRIBER RESOURCES More » LATEST SANDBOX guide The Sandbox Guide to… Bandcamp February 23, 2024February 24, 2024 LATEst COUNTRY Profile Country Profile – India 2024 March 5, 2024March 5, 2024 LATEst quarterly Report Sandbox Campaigns of the Year: 2023’s best music marketing campaigns December 18, 2023February 9, 2024 Become a Music Ally subscriber… … and receive our cutting-edge analysis every day. Plus: learn from marketing experts in our twice-monthly Sandbox reports, read industry-leading insight in our Quarterly reports, localise instantly in our Country Profiles – and access our 20 year archive of analysis, data, and insight. Subscription Options “Music Ally is … an excellent choice to carry out training workshops and presentations for our staff.” ― Kennie Tang, Regional Digital Marketing Director, Warner Music Asia TOP NEWS STORIES More Top Stories » News European Commission fines Apple more than €1.8bn over Spotify complaint March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 News Spotify, Deezer, Epic Games and others renew attack on Apple March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 News UMPG focuses on AI fears in letter to songwriters about TikTok March 1, 2024March 1, 2024 LATEST COURSES 5 Techniques To Promote Pre-Saves Encourage fans to add music to their libraries before it’s […]5 Creative Ways To Tease New MusicDifferent approaches to modern teaser campaigns Upcoming Events There are no upcoming events. Music Ally’s Focus podcast analyses vital music business topics in detail, as they emerge: Joe Sparrow breaks down important stories with expert guests in about 25 minutes. LEARN MORE » The Music Ally Learning Hub The leading professional development platform for the global digital music industry The Music Ally Learning Hub is trusted by leading industry brands and companies from around the world. Our courses have been meticulously crafted by our team of experts, who have spent two decades researching and analysing the latest trends in digital music marketing and the wider industry, giving you the knowledge you need to stay ahead of the curve. Sign up for a FREE Learning Hub account here – and browse all of our videos and learning content! VITAL INSIGHT FOR MUSIC ALLY SUBSCRIBERS More resources » Bulletin Newsletter DAILY: Our news briefings are relied upon by thousands of music and tech execs around the world; covering the markets, technologies, trends and views shaping the modern industry. Subscribers get the analysis first, in their inbox every morning. Learn More » Sandbox Insight 2x MONTH: Sandbox tells you how to do it: the latest music marketing strategies, case studies, and insider tips from experts who do it best. Go behind campaigns, uncover single strategies, and discover the tools you need for success. Learn More » Country Profiles 2x MONTH: Since 2008 Music Ally has published fortnightly profiles on the main and emerging music markets around the world. The reports include the latest data, growth forecasts, trends, charts, and interviews with key market figures. Learn More » Quarterly Reports 4x YEAR: Deep-dives into the technologies and industry sectors that modern professionals needs to be on top of: year-ahead predictions, in-depth DSP reports, international focuses, and our essential music-tech startup guides. Learn More » SPECIAL REPORTS More reports » Music Ally Quarterly Report :: Music/Tech Startups 2023 Welcome to 2023’s music/tech startups report – a look at what we think are the key platforms innovating in this space, and a discussion of the opportunities that lie ahead. This report aligns with our annual startup showcase, contest, and mentorship support program, Music Ally SI:X. We have selected 36 early-stage startups – across six… October 25, 2023November 13, 2023 Become a Music Ally subscriber Daily analysis and news, twice-monthly reports and profiles, and access to 20 years of cutting-edge analysis, data, reporting, and insight on the global digital music business! Sign up for a Free Trial Subscription See Paid Subscription Options Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter LinkedIn Contact Music Ally Ltd., Holborn Studios,49-50 Eagle Wharf Rd, London, N1 7ED,United Kingdom +44 (0) 207 682 3996mail@musically.com Music Ally is a Registered Learning Provider 10029483 © 2024 Music Ally. Powered by Newspack