IOS Press Ebooks IOS Press Ebooks Your cart is empty Guest Access ? Register | Log in As a guest user you are not logged in or recognized by your IP address. You have access to the Front Matter, Abstracts, Author Index, Subject Index and the full text of Open Access publications. Home Ebooks Open Access About IOS Press Contact FAQ Search loading subjects... Announcement IOS Press has been aquired by Sage Publications. Read the press release > Flexibility Purchase an e-article or ebook. Subscribeor pick-and-choose. > Metadata MARC records and COUNTER Compliant usage statistics > Sustainability Perpetual access, DOIs and long-term archiving > Latest Ebooks loading... Artificial Intelligence, Medical Engineering and Education loading... The Role of Digital Health Policy and Leadership loading... Toward a Quantum-Safe Communication Infrastructure loading... Emerging Cutting-Edge Developments in Intelligent Traffic and Transportation Systems loading... Computer Systems and Communication Technology loading... Artificial Intelligence Technologies and Applications loading... Design Studies and Intelligence Engineering loading... Handbook of Prevention and Alzheimer’s Disease loading... Handbook of Intervention and Alzheimer’s Disease loading... Intelligent Computing Technology and Automation loading... Mechatronics and Automation Technology loading... MEDINFO 2023 — The Future Is Accessible loading... Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases XXXV loading... HTI Open Access Collection 1 loading... Electronics, Communications and Networks loading... Roles and Challenges of Semantic Intelligence in Healthcare Cognitive Computing loading... Empirical Ontology Design Patterns loading... Formal Ontology in Information Systems loading... Applied Mathematics, Modeling and Computer Simulation loading... Fuzzy Systems and Data Mining IX loading... Legal Knowledge and Information Systems loading... New Energy and Future Energy Systems loading... Hydraulic and Civil Engineering Technology VIII loading... Advances in Artificial Intelligence, Big Data and Algorithms loading... Advances in Manufacturing Technology XXXVI loading... Advances in Biomedical and Bioinformatics Engineering loading... Multilinguality in Knowledge Graphs loading... Leveraging Transdisciplinary Engineering in a Changing and Connected World loading... Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence loading... Digitalization and Management Innovation II Ebook Series loading... Advanced Information Technology loading... Advances in Alzheimer's Disease loading... Advances in Biomedical Spectroscopy loading... Advances in Energy Research and Development loading... Advances in Parallel Computing loading... Advances in Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering loading... Advances in Transdisciplinary Engineering loading... Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments loading... Assistive Technology Research Series loading... Biomedical and Health Research loading... Bouwmanagement en Technisch Beheer loading... Concurrent Systems Engineering Series loading... Cryptology and Information Security Series loading... Deltares Select Series loading... Digital Enlightenment Series loading... Dissertations in Artificial Intelligence loading... Emerging Communication: Studies in New Technologies and Practices in Communication loading... Ergonomics, Human Factors and Safety loading... Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applications loading... Global E-Governance Series loading... Housing and Urban Policy Studies loading... Informatization Developments and the Public Sector loading... Innovation and the Public Sector loading... International Institute of Administrative Sciences Monographs loading... NATO Science for Peace and Security Series - D: Information and Communication Security loading... NATO Science for Peace and Security Series - E: Human and Societal Dynamics loading... NATO Science Series, I: Life and Behavioural Sciences loading... NATO Science Series, III: Computer and Systems Sciences loading... NATO Science Series, V: Science and Technology Policy loading... NATO Security through Science Series - D: Information and Communication Security loading... NATO Security through Science Series - E: Human and Societal Dynamics loading... Proceedings of the International School of Physics "Enrico Fermi" loading... Progress in Marine Science and Technology loading... Research in Architectural Engineering Series loading... Research in Design Series loading... Research in Urbanism Series loading... Solvay Pharmaceuticals Conferences loading... Studies in Applied Electromagnetics and Mechanics loading... Studies in Health Technology and Informatics loading... Studies in Probability, Optimization and Statistics loading... Studies on the Semantic Web loading... Sustainable Urban Areas loading... The Future of Learning Contact North America Europe Asia IOS Press, Inc. 6751 Tepper Drive Clifton, VA 20124 U.S.A. Tel.: +1 703 830 6300 Fax: +1 703 830 2300 sales@iospress.com (Corporate matters and books only) IOS Press c/o Accucoms US, Inc. For North America Sales and Customer Service West Point Commons Suite 201 Lansdale PA 19446 USA Tel.: +1 866 855 8967 Fax: +1 215 660 5042 iospress@accucoms.com (Journals only) IOS Press Nieuwe Hemweg 6B 1013 BG Amsterdam The Netherlands Tel: +31 20 688 3355 Fax: +31 20 687 0019 info@iospress.nl IOS Press c/o Ohmsha, Ltd. 3-1 Kanda Nishiki-cho Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 101 Japan Fax: +81 3 3233 2426 (Books only) Inspirees International China Ocean Express F-802 Xiaguangli 66 100027, Beijing China Tel. & Fax: +86 10 8446 7847 Free service line: 400 661 8717 IOS Press Copyright 2024 Disclaimer Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact FAQ