Geoscience Australia Skip to content Search ✕ About Scientific topics Education Data News & events Earth sciences for Australia’s future Explore Strategy 2028 Browse our Science Strategy Earthquake monitoring at Geoscience Australia View recent earthquakes Latest news and events More news and events Floodwater cuts through dry Channel Country 27 February 2024 The channels are always changing on the way to Kati Thanda-Lake Eyre in South Australia where recent heavy rains have seen flood plains filled in central Australia. Floodwater cuts through dry Channel Country Learn more Unlocking insights on Australia’s people and economy 20 December 2023 Explore location data on Australia's population and economy from the Australian Bureau of Statistics in the Digital Atlas. Unlocking insights on Australia’s people and economy Learn more Caring for Country: Geoscience Australia strengthens ties with First Nations rangers 19 December 2023 First Nations’ peoples hold the original knowledge of our land and sea. By linking their Caring for Country activities with Geoscience Australia’s Earth science data and knowledge, we can work together to achieve better outcomes to create a holistic view of our nation. Caring for Country: Geoscience Australia strengthens ties with First Nations rangers Learn more New satellite dish puts Australia in prime position 4 December 2023 A ceremony today at Uralla in regional New South Wales marked the completion of the construction of the first of four satellite dishes being delivered under the Southern Positioning Augmentation Network (SouthPAN) program. New satellite dish puts Australia in prime position Learn more New scientific drilling results suggest potential major mineral prospectivity in western NSW regions 30 November 2023 New results from a far-western New South Wales stratigraphic drilling campaign, conducted between March and June 2023, have shown the region’s potential to host new mineral resources, including gold, copper and nickel, as well as the critical minerals vital for Australia’s low emissions future. New scientific drilling results suggest potential major mineral prospectivity in western NSW regions Learn more Default Default Learn more Quick links Search data & publications Recent earthquakes Online tools National location information Community Safety Our people and careers Organisational structure Graduate program Visit our education centre Contact us Program Positioning Australia Our position on the globe is essential to everyday life. Positioning allows us to locate ourselves in the world and get to where we want to go. Satellite positioning technologies have enabled the precise navigation and positioning we rely on at the touch of a button, from smartphones to autonomous vehicles.Geoscience Australia is bringing the benefits of space-based technology down to earth, through our precise positioning capability. Our vision is to help Australia prosper by fostering a world-leading positioning capability accessible to all Australians. Learn more about Positioning Australia Program Digital Earth Australia Digital Earth Australia is a program of Geoscience Australia, an agency of the Australian Government. We create free and open satellite data products for the benefit of Australia.It’s our mission to embed satellite imagery and data into decisions that support a sustainable Australian environment, a resilient society and a strong economy.Go to Digital Earth AustraliaA program of Geoscience AustraliaUnlocking archives of satellite imageryEstablished in 2018 Learn more about Digital Earth Australia Program Exploring for the Future Australia has a rich history in the exploration and development of resources. Discovery of new minerals, energy and groundwater resources, and improving management of our precious groundwater, is vital to supporting our communities, creating jobs and transitioning Australia to a low carbon future.A national program of Geoscience AustraliaGrowing our understanding of Australia's geologyEstablished in 2016 Learn more about Exploring for the Future Join our community News and events Find out the latest news, public talks and events and what’s happening in your community. News and events Get in touch Have a question about Geoscience Australia or need help with using our data? Email us at clientservices@ga.gov.au orcall 1800 800 173. Get in touch Stay informed Subscribe to some of Geoscience Australia's program newsletters to receive regular updates on, new data releases, publications, latest industry research and events. Stay informed Site footer Related websites Digital Earth Australia Exploring for the Future Community Safety Useful tools Search data & publications Recent earthquakes Data Discovery Portal Connect with us Acknowledgement of country Geoscience Australia acknowledges the traditional owners and custodians of Country throughout Australia and acknowledges their continuing connection to land, waters and community. We pay our respects to the people, the cultures and the elders past and present. Contact us Copyright Privacy Accessibility Information Publication Scheme Freedom of Information Act