Australian Geographic - Search All Articles Products Collections Fact Files Explainers Podcasts Search Close search × Close menu× Wildlife Science & Environment History & Culture Opinion & Analysis Fact Files AG Adventure Adventure Destinations Gear Test How To AG Explorers Activity Central Creature Features Earth Heroes Survival Guides AG Travel Travel with AG Travel Articles AG Society About the Australian Geographic Society AG Society News Sponsorship Fundraising Australian Geographic Society Expeditions Sponsorship news Magazine Shop Events Our Country Immersive Experience AG Nature Photographer of the Year Podcast Facebook Web Stories Twitter Instagram Adventure Instagram Subscribe to the Magazine Menu Buy Magazine View Archive Shop Search Login Welcome Give a Gift Logout AG Society Rescuing an emblem Nothing says an Aussie Easter quite like the bilby, but this symbol of the outback is facing a tough struggle for survival. Read more News ‘We’re going to see some haunting images’: Bird flu has reached Antarctica It’s the news conservationists have been expecting, but dreading. The avian influenza H5N1 virus has reached mainland Antarctica. Read more Australian Geographic Adventure On ya bike! The top 3 bike rides in each state and territory Australia’s Best 100 Bike Rides is one of Aus Geo’s best-selling guidebooks and a cracking gift option for bike-mad friends and family. In this excerpt, we reveal our three fave rides from each state and territory. Read more 0/3 Rescuing an emblem ‘We’re going to see some haunting images’: Bird flu has reached Antarctica On ya bike! The top 3 bike rides in each state and territory Newsletter sign up Stay up to date Newsletter sign up Stay up to date Latest stories News Hook, line and sinker: the much-needed changes to recreational fishing to prevent more platypus deaths Read Story Destinations Hit the road in North Queensland Read Story History & Culture Back for the future Read Story History & Culture Inside the humble home of Ben Chifley Read Story History & Culture Defining Moments in Australian History: World’s first feature film produced in Victoria Read Story Australian Geographic Adventure What makes Okinawa Japan’s tropical adventure paradise Read Story Science & Environment Australians aren’t equal when it comes to climate change vulnerability Read Story AG Society Rescuing an emblem Read Story Fundraising Help bilbies to bounce back Read Story AG Society ‘Australia’s Most Endangered’: Introducing Australian Geographic Society’s new fundraisers Read Story This month in Australian Geographic Delve into the latest issue of our award-winning magazine. Subscribe to magazine Rescuing an emblem A new Broome New spaces for ocean life Discover the world of Australian Geographic AG Adventure Get all your outdoor inspiration here – adventures, destinations, gear tests and expert advice. Discover more AG Society Australian Geographic contributes 100% of its profits to its registered charity, the Australian Geographic Society, to fund its conservation and sustainability grants. Discover more AG Travel At Australian Geographic Travel our objective is to inspire love and care for Australia: our nature, our people, our places! Discover more Dive into a world of Australian wildlife, science and adventure Browse all videos Watch a male dolphin offer a spongey gift to a potential mate 02:48 Australian Geographic Shop Browse our online store for gifts, gadgets, puzzles, books and more Magazines Children's toys and games Calendars and diaries Telescopes and binoculars Gifts Featured products Discover all categories Australian Geographic Panorama Calendar 2024 OUT OF STOCK $17.99 $29.99 Hansa Possum Puppet IN STOCK $59.9 Firstscope Tabletop Telescope - Robert Reeves Signature Edition IN STOCK $124.99 Explore Scientific Colour Weather Station with Multi Sensors IN STOCK $119.0 Hansa Platypus Puppet OUT OF STOCK $59.9 Watch our latest Web Stories Birds of Stewart Island / Rakiura New Zealand’s third-largest island is famous for its rare and endangered birds. Endangered fairy-wrens survive Kimberley floods Four months since extreme floods swept through their habitat, a group of purple-crowned fairy-wrens have been found alive and well. Australia’s sleepiest species Whether it’s too cold, too hot, or limited food supply – these animals have the solution. Designer digs Architecture students are creating homes for native wildlife. Adorable Aussie desert-dwellers These cute creatures are tougher than they look, surviving in some of Australia’s harshest conditions. 20 Australian inventions that changed the world Aussies are an ingenious bunch. Here are some of the best inventions to have come out of our nation. ‘Who painted the bark?’ The rainbow eucalyptus (Eucalyptus deglupta) is a true natural wonder. Meet the eastern pygmy possum Small enough to fit into the palm of your hand, the tiny fluff ball marsupial that is the eastern pygmy possum (Cercartetus nanus) easily tops the list of Australia’s cutest native animals. Five awesome bucket-list adventures Trek in Victoria, cross mountains in Peru, paddle a world-famous river, and explore two tropical Aussie icons on this adventure hit-list. Mating success for Manning River turtles The team at Aussie Ark are celebrating a huge milestone – the first ever mating within its population of critically endangered Manning River turtles. Where the whale sharks are: New research reveals secrets of world’s biggest fish A collaboration between Australian and Indonesian researchers is uncovering some of the mysteries of the world’s largest fish. The weird and wacky world of slime moulds Strange organisms are thriving on the floors of Australia’s wet temperate forests…and they’re a lot smarter than they look. Dangerous marine creatures that aren’t so well known While not as notorious as our headline-grabbing biters and toxic avengers, many other aquatic species come equipped with weapons that can cause severe injury and, occasionally, death. Kelpie country Warrock in western Victoria is the birthplace of Australia’s beloved working dog, the kelpie. That’s not a baby platypus, this is a baby platypus Don’t be fooled by the fake baby platypus phenomenon. This is what a real platypus puggle looks like. Australia’s fabulous kingfishers These shy, yet glamorous, birds can be found around our rivers, coasts and forests, and indicate a healthy ecosystem. What is a solar eclipse? Total, partial, annular and hybrid – the different types of solar eclipses can be confusing. Australian spiders: the 10 most dangerous Australian spiders have a fearsome reputation, but our bees typically pose more of a threat. Here are the worst. Lorikeets: Four things you didn’t know about them Think you know everything about our kaleidoscopic lorikeets? Think again. These birds are full of surprises. Echidnas blow snot bubbles to stay cool Just when we thought these iconic Australian creatures couldn’t get any quirkier, another peculiar trait has been discovered. Exploring the Kimberley Exploring the Kimberley with Coral Expeditions Fish with parasite partner The fish with an inbuilt fishing rod has some other bizarre tricks up its sleeve. Five incredible facts about the paper nautilus It turns out the paper nautilus is not a nautilus at all! Stinkhorns: the fungi that smell like rotting flesh on purpose Have you noticed a foul stench at the bottom of your garden? What causes these holes in seashells? The answer is much more sinister than you may think! × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × × Talking Australia podcast Talking Australia shares the stories of Australia’s most inspiring adventurers, conservationists and wildlife experts. Listen as they take you on a journey around this magnificent country and beyond. Follow the podcast Explore all episodes Episode 109 The Power of Deadly Science: Corey Tutt (Rebroadcast) Play podcast 25:30 Episode 108 Rediscovery of Australia´s rare cloaked bee: James Dorey Play podcast 21:52 Sign up for the Australian Geographic newsletter Get incredible stories of extraordinary wildlife, enlightening discoveries and stunning destinations, delivered to your inbox. Sign up for the newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram Instagram Adventure Issue 179 Out Now By subscribing you become an AG Society member, helping us to raise funds for conservation and adventure projects. Subscribe Wildlife History & Culture Science & Environment Travel Opinion & Analysis Photography AG Society AG Society News Fundraising Sponsorship Australian Geographic Society Expeditions Australian Geographic Adventure Adventure Destinations Gear Test How To Blogs Creatura Blog Dr Karl: Need to Know On This Day Tim the Yowie Man Education Resources Competitions Shop My account Cart Checkout Subscriptions My Account Subscribe Subscriber Benefits Latest Issue Travel with Australian Geographic Nature Photographer of the Year About Us Privacy Policy Website Terms and Conditions Subscription and Online Store Terms and Conditions Advertise With Us Feedback Contact Us Issue 179 Out Now By subscribing you become an AG Society member, helping us to raise funds for conservation and adventure projects. Subscribe Australian Geographic acknowledges the First Nations people of Australia as traditional custodians, and pay our respects to Elders past and present, and their stories and journeys that have lead us to where we are today.