Innovation | ZDNET Trending Apple Vision Pro review: Fascinating, flawed, and needs to fix 5 things I've tried the top XR headsets. Here's the one most people should buy ChatGPT vs. ChatGPT Plus: Is the subscription fee worth it? Have 10 hours? IBM will train you in AI fundamentals - for free How to upgrade Windows Home edition to Pro 7 useful things to do with your Flipper Zero The Apple Watch to buy this year Meta's $299 Ray-Ban smart glasses may be the most useful gadget I've tested all year iPhone 15 Pro review: Who this upgrade will wow Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra review: One of the best smartphones of the year Sonos Era 300 review: Close to a perfect smart speaker Do you need antivirus on Linux? Best laptops Best VPNs Best TVs Best Headphones Best robot vacuums ZDNET Recommends Tech Gaming Headphones Laptops Mobile Accessories Networking PCs Printers Smartphones Smart Watches Speakers Streaming Devices Streaming Services Tablets TVs Wearables Kitchen & Household Office Furniture Office Hardware & Appliances Smart Home Smart Lighting Yard & Outdoors Innovation Artificial Intelligence AR + VR Cloud Digital Transformation Energy Robotics Sustainability Transportation Work Life Accelerate your tech game Paid Content How the New Space Race Will Drive Innovation How the metaverse will change the future of work and society Managing the Multicloud The Future of the Internet The New Rules of Work The Tech Trends to Watch in 2023 Business See all Business Amazon Apple Developer E-Commerce Edge Computing Enterprise Software Executive Google Microsoft Professional Development Social Media SMB Windows Digital transformation: Trends and insights for success Software development: Emerging trends and changing roles Security See all Security Cyber Threats Password Manager Ransomware VPN Cybersecurity: Let's get tactical Securing the Cloud Advice Deals How-to Product Comparisons Product Spotlights Reviews Buying Guides See all Buying Guides Best all-in-one computers Best budget TVs Best gaming CPUs Best gaming laptops Best gaming PCs Best headphones Best iPads Best iPhones Best laptops Best large tablets Best OLED TVs Best robot vacuum mops Best rugged tablets Best Samsung phones Best smart rings Best smartphones Best smartwatches Best speakers Best tablets Best travel VPNs Best TVs Best VPNs Best Coupons tomorrow belongs to those who embrace it today Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNET France ZDNET Germany ZDNET Korea ZDNET Japan What are you looking for? Go See all topics Finance Education Health Special Features ZDNET In Depth ZDNET Recommends Newsletters Videos Editorial Guidelines Trending Apple Vision Pro review: Fascinating, flawed, and needs to fix 5 things I've tried the top XR headsets. Here's the one most people should buy ChatGPT vs. ChatGPT Plus: Is the subscription fee worth it? Have 10 hours? IBM will train you in AI fundamentals - for free How to upgrade Windows Home edition to Pro 7 useful things to do with your Flipper Zero The Apple Watch to buy this year Meta's $299 Ray-Ban smart glasses may be the most useful gadget I've tested all year iPhone 15 Pro review: Who this upgrade will wow Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra review: One of the best smartphones of the year Sonos Era 300 review: Close to a perfect smart speaker Do you need antivirus on Linux? Best laptops Best VPNs Best TVs Best Headphones Best robot vacuums ZDNET Recommends Tech Gaming Headphones Laptops Mobile Accessories Networking PCs Printers Smartphones Smart Watches Speakers Streaming Devices Streaming Services Tablets TVs Wearables Kitchen & Household Office Furniture Office Hardware & Appliances Smart Home Smart Lighting Yard & Outdoors Innovation Artificial Intelligence AR + VR Cloud Digital Transformation Energy Robotics Sustainability Transportation Work Life Accelerate your tech game Paid Content How the New Space Race Will Drive Innovation How the metaverse will change the future of work and society Managing the Multicloud The Future of the Internet The New Rules of Work The Tech Trends to Watch in 2023 Business See all Business Amazon Apple Developer E-Commerce Edge Computing Enterprise Software Executive Google Microsoft Professional Development Social Media SMB Windows Digital transformation: Trends and insights for success Software development: Emerging trends and changing roles Security See all Security Cyber Threats Password Manager Ransomware VPN Cybersecurity: Let's get tactical Securing the Cloud Advice Deals How-to Product Comparisons Product Spotlights Reviews Buying Guides See all Buying Guides Best all-in-one computers Best budget TVs Best gaming CPUs Best gaming laptops Best gaming PCs Best headphones Best iPads Best iPhones Best laptops Best large tablets Best OLED TVs Best robot vacuum mops Best rugged tablets Best Samsung phones Best smart rings Best smartphones Best smartwatches Best speakers Best tablets Best travel VPNs Best TVs Best VPNs Best Coupons More See all topics Finance Education Health Special Features ZDNET In Depth ZDNET Recommends Newsletters Videos Editorial Guidelines Innovation Discover the best technology ideas emerging from around the globe and how they are promising to help build a better future. Analysis & Opinion Explore a fresh perspective I asked Gemini and GPT-4 to explain deep learning AI, and Gemini won ... Could the Apple Vision Pro make you like flying economy class (or hate ... How do you get employees to embrace AI? (You may find this sneaky) How to use ChatGPT's file analysis capability (and what it can do for ... I tried ChatGPT's memory function and found it intriguing but limited I tried Copilot Notebook: Microsoft's new AI tool offers two handy prompt ... Data scientists: Still the sexiest job - if anyone would just listen ... I tried a rollable phone for the first time, and it made even my foldable ... What is Wi-Fi 7 and just how fast is it? Gemini Advanced failed these simple coding tests that ChatGPT aced. Here's ... 'How much do you love your wife?' asked the Apple Vision Pro salesman Not always honest at supermarket self-checkout? AI is out to get you Instant evolution: If AI can design a robot in 26 seconds, what else ... 'We want our AI and we want it now' say software buyers AI could help soften cloud sticker shock - or make things worse AI's latest trick: Better KPIs for measuring business success Product Research Deep-dive, compare, decide The best Alexa devices of 2024: Expert tested The best satellite phones you can buy The best tax software for a stress-free tax season The best iPad screen protectors you can buy The best drones you can buy, according to a licensed drone pilot The best backup cameras (and which ones are compatible with your vehicle) The best self-cleaning litter boxes you can buy: Expert tested The best AirPods you can buy: Expert tested The best AI chatbots: ChatGPT isn't the only one worth trying The best radar detectors you can buy The best home EV chargers: Expert recommended The best bone conduction headphones you can buy: Expert tested The brightest flashlights you can buy, according to flashlight enthusiasts ChatGPT vs. Copilot: Which AI chatbot is better for you? ChatGPT vs. Microsoft Copilot vs. Gemini: Which is the best AI chatbot? How-to Guides Practical tips, tricks, and advice for getting things done What is deep learning? Everything you need to know How to use ChatGPT to write code What is ChatGPT and why does it matter? Here's what you need to know How ChatGPT (and other AI chatbots) can help you write an essay How to use Copilot Pro to write, edit, and analyze your Word documents What is Google One and is it worth it? What is Google's Gemini AI tool (formerly Bard)? Everything you need ... Microsoft Copilot Pro vs. OpenAI's ChatGPT Plus: Which is worth your ... How to use Gemini (formerly Google Bard): Everything you should know How to use ImageFX, Google's new AI image generator What is spatial computing and how does it work? 5 reasons to sign up for Google Labs and how to do it What does GPT stand for? Understanding GPT 3.5, GPT 4, and more How to subscribe to ChatGPT Plus (and why you should) What is 5G home internet? Here's what to know before you sign up Latest Add Apple CarPlay or Android Auto to your car with this $83 display 1 hour ago by StackCommerce The best Alexa devices of 2024: Expert tested 9 hours ago by Maria Diaz ChatGPT can now read its responses aloud - here's how to listen to them 10 hours ago by Lance Whitney AI leaders urged to integrate local data models for diversity's sake 10 hours ago by Eileen Yu Brave's AI assistant is now available for Android 1 day ago by Jack Wallen Services & Software See all Services & Software Buy Microsoft Project 2021 Pro or Visio 2021 for just $24 right now Microsoft's project management solutions feature timesheet support, org charts, and more to help you stay organized -- and they're currently almost 90% off. Upgrade to Windows 11 Pro for just $32 right now Get a lifetime Babbel subscription for just $160 Apple releases iOS 17.4 with podcast transcripts, new emojis, and EU app store changes Satellite SOS is showing up on Pixel phones - how it can help you in an emergency Smartphones See all Smartphones Finally, a MagSafe battery pack that doesn't look like a brick (and it charges fast, too) Casely's Power Pod can power your phone, earbuds, and other electronic devices, and its design brings exactly what the battery pack market needs -- style. The best smartwatches you can buy: Expert tested The best VPN services of 2024: Expert tested Google Maps is testing a feature that shows you where to enter a building Apple quietly launched 10 new accessories this week (and they're full of whimsy) Space See all Space SpaceX launches first Starlink satellites to provide cell service in remote areas The six satellites will offer direct-to-cell-coverage in dead zones, initially limited to text messages but expanding to voice and data as early as next year. Someone just made the first-ever voice call over satellite with an everyday phone You think patching Windows is a pain? Try patching a Mars rover millions of miles away SpaceX tests global Starlink roaming service for $200 a month These are my three favorite star projectors for bringing the night sky inside Computing See all Computing This M3 MacBook Pro model will display to dual monitors just like M3 MacBook Air A pending software update will enable Apple's 14-inch M3 MacBook Pro to extend its screen to two external monitors when the lid is closed. What about the 16-inch model? Apple M3 MacBook Air hands-on: These 3 new features stood out to me most M3 MacBook Air vs. M2 MacBook Air: Which Apple laptop should you buy? Forget the new M3 MacBook Air: Last year's model is great and $200 off right now Apple launches 13- and 15-inch MacBook Air with M3 chip. Here's what's new Wearables See all Wearables One of our favorite noise-canceling headphones is $100 off right now The Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones are $250, $100 less than their usual price, at Best Buy right now. Why I run with these Bose earbuds instead of bone-conduction headphones The best noise-canceling earbuds you can buy: Expert tested Meta is deleting Oculus accounts and everything in them: How to save yours One of the best-looking hybrid watches I've tested also has amazing battery life AI & Robotics See all AI & Robotics The best Alexa devices of 2024: Expert tested I tested the best Alexa devices including the Echo Show 8, Echo Dot, and Ring doorbell that can assist you at home or at the office. ChatGPT can now read its responses aloud - here's how to listen to them AI leaders urged to integrate local data models for diversity's sake Brave's AI assistant is now available for Android As AI agents spread, so do the risks, scholars say ZDNET we equip you to harness the power of disruptive innovation, at work and at home. Topics Galleries Videos Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information about ZDNET Meet The Team Sitemap Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Join | Log In Newsletters Site Assistance Licensing © 2024 ZDNET, A Red Ventures company. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookie Settings | Advertise | Terms of Use