Steve Jackson Games The flaming yak imitates the plump teddy bear. March 5, 2024: Hoping To Win A Telegrammy Award For This Post I hope this Daily Illuminator finds you well. Stop. Today I ponder another idea that I don't have any immediate use for but is cool enough to share. Stop. The United States still has a working telegram system, as do 24 other countries. Stop. I really want to include a telegram in a modern RPG adventure or other tabletop game, as a plot point or cool artifact. Stop. While writing this I also learned about words designed specifically as code for telegram abbreviations. Stop. I can't wait to make use of nalezing or empanel in the future. Stop. Yes, I know that punctuation wasn't used in actual telegrams. Stop. I'm going for a style. Stop. If it annoys you, please feel free to jump on the forums and tell me. Stop. -- Steven Marsh Share this post! March 4, 2024: The Munchkin Mask Love Munchkin? Love accessorizing? Love in-game bonuses? How about being a little silly? Then the Munchkin Mask is for you! And the best part is that it can be yours for the low, low price of FREE! Here's what to do in just 4 easy steps: 1. Visit the link to Warehouse 23 at the bottom of this article to download your FREE 7-page Munchkin Mask PDF. 2. Print the mask, preferably on cardstock for durability. Color or black and white. Your choice, 3. Assemble the mask with tape or glue, and add a piece of string or a rubber band to make it wearable. 4. Now you're ready for the bonus! Don your mask and wait for a Trap or Curse to be played on you. Simply exclaim, "Mighty Mask of the Munchkin, I call upon your Power!" and the Trap or Curse no longer affects you. There's just one catch: You'll need to wear it for the rest of the game or lose a level. Bonus: . . . [more] Share this post! March 3, 2024: Put On The Wax Cylinder, Jeeves! At the risk of dating myself like the inner ring of a mighty oak . . . do folks make "mix tapes" for their games? Or playlists, or whatever we call 'em nowadays? If there's a certain vibe or atmosphere I'm trying to create, I'll toss on an album to get folks in the mood. If it's a longer-term effort or special event, I might even come up with an honest-to-goodness playlist mix – more time-consuming, but perfect to punctuate particularly exciting moments. It's especially helpful in "flashback" games, or ones where I'm using music to define an era. (One of the great gifts the first two Guardians of the Galaxy movies had was their soundtracks, which provided an evocative one-of-a-kind tone that's instrumental in establishing the flavor of its world.) If anyone else has been a mix-master for their own gaming tables – especially if you have any tips – feel free to drop a line on the forum . . . [more] Share this post! March 2, 2024: Saethor's Bane On Backerkit Saethor's Bane is a conversion to the Dungeon Fantasy RPG of David Pulver's excellent Dark Lord's Doom, available for both TFT and OSE (with greyscale interior) by Gaming Ballistic. It is designed to showcase the capabilities and options of the Dungeon Fantasy RPG, taking four martial characters – the spellcasters would be assigned to a different unit – through a full campaign arc. It presents a fantastic opportunity to – by obtaining the core rules and the solo adventure – to try out the Dungeon Fantasy RPG and experience how much fun it can be once you get to the table. The characters start at 125-150 points (Journeymen level from Delvers to Grow) and rapidly advance as the adventure progresses. Very rapidly. Artificially rapidly. Showcasing how the capability of characters grows, what options that affords, enabling players and GMs to see what it takes to challenge characters at different . . . [more] Share this post! March 1, 2024: Steve Jackson Games Is On Bluesky Fans of the endless scrolling experience, rejoice! Steve Jackson Games is now actively posting on Bluesky, the latest social media platform to open to the public. You can find us at stevejacksongames.bsky.social, where we'll be posting about games, interacting with fans, reblogging important gaming news, and hopefully providing a bit of amusement in the process. Feel free to give us a follow if you wish. Maybe you could invite two of your friends to follow, and encourage them to each invite two more, who could in turn invite two more. It's a decidedly geometric plan to ensure a healthy follower count. A sort of ziggurat plot, if you will . . . -- Katie Duffy Share this post! Previous Illuminators • Steve's Appearance Schedule Latest Videos You are the 450th cyborg here today. (29747938 since August 1, 1995) Copyright © 2024 by Steve Jackson Games. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Contact Us