davisenterprise.com | The Davis Enterprise Skip to main content Facebook Twitter Site search Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Advertise Subscription Services Submission Forms e-Edition Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Business Community News Agriculture + Environment Bob Dunning City government County government Crime, Fire + Courts Our Sunday Best Schools State government U.S. Congress UC Davis Winters Yolo Forum Cartoons Columns Letters to the Editor Our View Sports Aggies Blue Devils Pro Sports Ski & Snow Youth Arts & Entertainment Art Comedy Dance Movies Music Theater & Readings Features Celebrations Food & Drink Gardening Home Name Droppers Pets Travel Obituaries Online Features Maps City of Davis Map Arts activities picking up speed in Davis March 10 haircuts benefit Soroptimist programs Rich Rifkin: Pension funding is eating our stre… 57° Cloudy Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Print Edition Facebook Twitter Menu Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search Subscribe News Forum Sports A & E Features Special Publications Obits Events Homes Maps ‘Open Country’ hits the open road: UCD professors release country music documentary Updated Mar 4, 2024 “Reclaiming Country Music!” reads the flyer for the recently completed documentary “Open Country,” which takes the audience through time with interviews (Pete Seeger, Billy Bragg, Hazel Dickens), graphics, and clips of years past in minutes. Newsom hits the road for mental health measure as poll shows declining enthusiasm for Prop. 1 By Kristen Hwang and Nigel Duara, CalMatters Mar 1, 2024 Two months ago, polls suggested Gov. Gavin Newsom wouldn’t have to do much to persuade voters to pass his marquee mental health measure. His p… News Unitrans carries 100-millionth rider By Monica Stark, Enterprise staff writer Updated Mar 1, 2024 It was a golden ticket of a bus ride for second-year UC Davis political science student Gabriela Jimenez, who was Unitrans’ 100 millionth ride… News Judge upholds murder, attempted murder charges for Davis stabbing suspect By Lauren Keene, Enterprise staff writerUpdated Feb 28, 2024 WOODLAND — A Yolo Superior Court judge upheld murder and attempted murder charges Tuesday against a former UC Davis student charged with commi… News Film showing highlights struggles of Japanese Americans during WWII Rebecca Wasik, Enterprise staff writer Feb 28, 2024 More than 300 Davis locals packed the Davis Veterans Memorial Center’s theater on Monday evening for a showing of the film, “And Then They Cam… News UPDATED: DA won't seek death penalty in Dominguez murder case By Lauren Keene, Enterprise staff writerUpdated Feb 27, 2024 WOODLAND — Yolo County prosecutors announced Monday they won’t seek capital punishment against Carlos Reales Dominguez, the former UC Davis st… News Mother of teen murder suspect testifies: 'Don't destroy his future' By Lauren Keene, Enterprise staff writerUpdated Feb 23, 2024 WOODLAND — The trial in a Woodland teen’s murder case came to an abrupt halt Thursday when the boy’s mother fainted in the courtroom, right af… Trending Now Comings & Goings: R&R and Carl's Jr. closing Deborah Stephenson Reed Judge upholds murder, attempted murder charges for Davis stabbing suspect ‘Open Country’ hits the open road: UCD professors release country music documentary Yolo Superior Court judge candidate profile: Clara Levers Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Daily Headlines Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists The Latest Features Wineaux: Mixing things up for spring drinking 2 hrs ago I spent some time last weekend with my mutty grandkids, who are very proud of their muttiness. Sasha and Alea, perhaps the muttiest of them al… Forum Commentary: Historic rise in the number of Black women running for office 3 hrs ago Over 50 years ago, Rep. Shirley Chisholm ran for U.S. president, refusing to let racism and sexism circumscribe her role in leading our countr… Forum Letter: 75% fossil fuel reduction by 2030 Letter to the EditorUpdated 2 hrs ago As the group of students, staff, and faculty whose meeting with Chancellor May in December 2… Arts & Entertainment Arts activities picking up speed in Davis Wendy Weitzel, Special to The EnterpriseUpdated Mar 4, 2024 After a pandemic pause and slow restart, activities in the creative sector are multiplying a… March 10 haircuts benefit Soroptimist programs Updated Mar 4, 2024 In honor of International Women’s Month, the stylists at Creative Hair & Spa are donatin… Forum Letter: Texas’ loss is Yolo’s gain Letter to the Editor Mar 4, 2024 I represent San Antonio, Texas in the U.S. House of Representatives. I write to endorse a fo… News For the record Enterprise staff Mar 4, 2024 Sunday's story on Soroptimist cash awards was an older story that had already run and should… Latest e-Edition The Davis Enterprise To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left. News Arts activities picking up speed in Davis For the record Bob Dunning: It's a privilege for the select few Yolo County MHSA holds listening session as part of planning process Why California election workers are returning after COVID and conspiracy theories Davis nominated for ‘Strongest Town’ in the nation UCD prof wins mentoring award More News Sports DHS basketball: It was trial by fire Devils place 16 on all-league teams Bob Dunning: It's an Aggie celebration of football Aggie women fall in OT, 63-57 Doug Kelly: Storming the court needs a big fine Skylar leads Aggies to 2nd in Classic golf Bruce Gallaudet: Devil girls take it to the mat More Sports Obituaries Christopher Chiarello Jeffrey Williams Ronald C. Jensen, DVM Richard William Martucci Deborah Stephenson Reed Marlene Hansche Nancy Brzeski More Obituaries Multimedia Video of Riley Gaines protest on UC Davis campus Monica Stark/Enterprise video Video of Riley Gaines protest on UC Davis campus Village Feast 2023 Wendy Weitzel/Courtesy video Village Feast 2023 Maui storm video Shirley Concolino/Courtesy video Maui storm video Minhaj interviews Obama on YouTube Minhaj interviews Obama on YouTube Thursday Live! music series welcomes alt-country’s Maurice Tani Thursday Live! music series welcomes alt-country’s Maurice Tani Local Events Forum Commentary: Historic rise in the number of Black women running for office Letter: 75% fossil fuel reduction by 2030 Letter: Texas’ loss is Yolo’s gain Rich Rifkin: Pension funding is eating our streets and parks Dan Walters: California made primary elections boring Commentary: A hair-raising case in Texas Between Friends: I have a thing about great, big birds More Forum Business UCD prof wins mentoring award PBE to review election results Comings & Goings: R&R and Carl's Jr. closing Comings & Goings: Local Kitchens adds pizza, Mexican, juice, sandwiches UCD Health launches digital inclusion program PBE to host two speakers Comings & Goings: Fire Department closes much of Woodland mall More Business A&E Arts activities picking up speed in Davis New Harmony Jazz Band in Central park UCD orchestra explores ‘New Frontiers’ The 2024 Oscar Shorts: Quite a variety Gorman Museum marks 20 years of photography Bach to business on the music scene Fellow Pynins headline Davis Odd Fellows Thursday Live! show More A&E Stocks Market Data by TradingView Online Features Health & Wellness advertorial Taking Care of Teeth Brings Families Peace of Mind 15 hrs ago Education advertorial 2024 is the year to modernize government services Brandpoint (BPT) Mar 4, 2024 Senior Living advertorial How to support your nutritional needs while taking weight loss medications Brandpoint (BPT) Mar 4, 2024 Facebook Twitter Sections News Forum Sports Arts & Entertainment Features Special Publications Obituaries Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Events Email Alerts Search Weather × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 The Davis Enterprise P.O. Box 1470, Davis, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.