The Week | All you need to know about everything that matters TheWeek The Week US EditionUSUK SUBSCRIBE & SAVE Less than $3 per week × Search Sign in View Profile Sign out The Explainer Talking Points The Week Recommends Newsletters Cartoons From the Magazine The Week Junior More Politics World News Business Health Science Food & Drink Travel Culture History Personal Finance Puzzles Photos All Categories Newsletter sign up Newsletter Morning Report Read All Editions Today's NATIONAL story Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballots What happened?The Supreme Court ruled unanimously Monday that Colorado and other states cannot disqualify former President Donald Trump from federal office under Section 3 of the 14th amendment, which bars candidates who "engaged in insurrection." A 5-4 majority said Congress must pass legislation f... Today's INTERNATIONAL story France enshrines abortion rights in constitution What happened?French lawmakers approved a constitutional amendment Monday declaring abortion a "guaranteed freedom." With the 780-27 vote, France became the first country to explicitly enshrine abortion rights in its constitution.Who said what?"We're sending a message to all women: Your body belongs... Today's Science Story Jupiter's Europa has less oxygen than hoped What happened?Jupiter's moon Europa, believed to have a salty ocean under its icy shell, has less oxygen on its surface than previously believed, making it less likely the planet harbors life, scientists said Monday in Nature Astronomy.Who said what?Europa's oxygen is "on the lower end of what we wo... It's not all bad Yellow-crested helmetshrikes were spotted in Africa for the first time since the American Bird Conservancy listed it as a "lost bird." During an expedition in the cloud forests of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, a team of researchers from the University of Texas at El Paso saw 18 of the "s... Under the radar Russia's 'gray zone' tactics in Finland’s snowy forests Another crisis involving an influx of migrants is building up along the frozen stretches of the 832-mile frontier between Finland and Russia, said Christiane Kühl at Merkur.de. From August to December last year, more than 1,300 refugees from Yemen, Somalia and Syria crossed into Finland. (Before tha... READ ALL EDITIONS Daily News Digest The Week Every day of the week The Week Every day of the week New from The Week, get the antidote to news overload – a snapshot of what’s happening today and why. More than a million people turn to The Week for news they can trust, online and in the magazine. Now you can join them by signing up for concise, twice-daily news digests curated by our editors. Distilled from dozens of the world’s most trusted news sources, each update delivers the clarity and perspective you need to make up your own mind. Make sense of the news wherever you are, whenever you like – online, in your app or by email.(Image credit: Future)Find out more Recent editions Evening Review Terror in Haiti Morning Report Israel's power players Sunday Shortlist The majesty and misery of Dune: Part Two VIEW ALL Editor's choice Romantasies are steaming up the publishing world In the Spotlight The pros and cons of virtual reality Pros and cons KEEP READING Sign up for Today's Best Articles in your inboxA free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.comContact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Today's Big Question What is the new definition of extremism? Today's Big Question Michael Gove on a mission to 'push for more stringent measures to tackle extremism in the UK' Today's Big Question VIEW ALL The Explainer How the Red Sea conflict could wreak havoc on the world's internet infrastructure The Explainer Houthi rebels in the region have reportedly been targeting underwater cables The Explainer What happens next if you receive student loan forgiveness? the explainer Four things to be on the lookout for the explainer The 5 biggest corporate greenwashing fines The Explainer Pretending to be green can be expensive The Explainer The birth of the weekend: how workers won two days off The Explainer Since the 1960s, there has been talk of a four-day-week, and post-pandemic work patterns have strengthened those calls The Explainer Talking Points OTC birth control arrives amid the battle over reproductive rights Talking Points Opill will cost $19.99 a month. Democrats are pushing to make it cheaper. Talking Points Chinese electric cars may be coming to spy on you Talking Points The Biden administration investigates Chinese electric cars as a potential economic and national security threat Talking Points Is this the end of the big night out? Talking Point Bar closures and Gen Z teetotallers threaten 'extinction' for 'messy nights on the town' Talking Point The Week Recommends Scuba diving, sport fishing and six-toed cats: exploring the Florida Keys The Week Recommends Best new hotels and places to stay in 2024 The Week Recommends Under the Radar Chimpanzees are dying of human diseases Under the radar Great apes are vulnerable to human pathogens thanks to genetic similarity, increased contact and no immunity Under the radar Wendy's dynamic pricing change could upend the fast food industry Under the Radar But the fast food chain will not be implementing the change in the typical manner Under the Radar Russia's 'grey zone' tactics in Finland’s snowy forests Under the radar Tensions have risen between the two countries ever since Finland applied to join Nato last May Under the radar Speed Reads Jupiter's Europa has less oxygen than hoped speed read Scientists say this makes it less likely that Jupiter's moon harbors life speed read France enshrines abortion rights in constitution speed read It became the first country to make abortion a constitutional right speed read Supreme Court keeps Trump on ballots speed read They ruled that Colorado and other states cannot disqualify former President Donald Trump from federal office speed read Iowa's Caitlin Clark breaks NCAA scoring record speed read College basketball star Caitlin Clark set the new record in Iowa's defeat of Ohio State speed read More From The Week Can the Met Police heal its relationship with the Black community? In depth Police chiefs accused of not doing enough to address reported institutional racism By Richard Windsor, The Week UK Published 5 March 24 In depth 'A Don deal' Today's Newspapers A roundup of the headlines from the US front pages By The Week Staff Published 5 March 24 Today's Newspapers Christian Horner and the Red Bull saga that refuses to go away Why everyone's talking about 'Too dizzy-making' even for the 'merry-go-round world of F1' By The Week UK Published 5 March 24 Why everyone's talking about The Atlantic Ocean may start shrinking In the spotlight The motion of the ocean could be closing By Devika Rao, The Week US Published 5 March 24 In the spotlight Raye: the artist celebrating a record win at the Brits Why Everyone's Talking About The rise of the south London singer-songwriter from Brit School dropout to 'all-conquering success' By Adrienne Wyper, The Week UK Published 4 March 24 Why Everyone's Talking About What is life like in Gaza now? In depth Despite starvation, a sanitation crisis, blackouts and boredom, the 'mundane drumbeat of life continues' By Elliott Goat, The Week UK Last updated 4 March 24 In depth Other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:UK TheWeek About Us Contact Future's experts Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Advertise With Us The Week is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.