Slant Magazine - Slant Magazine brings you reviews and interviews on movies, film festivals, music, live concerts, TV shows, video games, home video, books, and theater. Suggestions About Masthead Donate Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Film Music TV Games Video Theater Features News Lists Books Donate Oscar Predictions 2024: What Will Win This Year by Ed Gonzalez Eric Henderson March 4, 2024 We may as well just light it up and acquiesce to the inevitable all-consuming blast. Love Lies Bleeding Review: An Intoxicatingly Propulsive, If Formulaic, Queer Neo-Noir by Pat Brown High & Low: John Galliano Review: A Disgraced Fashion Designer Gestures at a Mea Culpa by Diego Semerene Dune: Part Two Review: Denis Villeneuve’s Sequel Is a Triumph of Minimalist Maximalism by Jake Cole Film Space: The Longest Goodbye Review: A Tribute to NASA’s Efforts to Send People to Mars by Ed Gonzalez The Longest Goodbye keeps cynicism at bay through the breadth of its curiosity. More Problemista Review: Julio Torres’s Wannabe Satire Succumbs to Grating Silliness by Ed Gonzalez The film makes a convincing case for Torres’s belief in art as a narcissistic act of self-care. More Sasquatch Sunset Review: A Hilariously Weird and Insightful Year in the Life of a Bigfoot Clan by Pat Brown The film may be the first to find a sweet spot between Dumb and Dumber and a nature doc. More Dahomey Review: Mati Diop’s Captivating, Fabulistic Meditation on Looted African Art by Pat Brown The effect of Diop’s documentary is haunting and powerful. More Music Schoolboy Q Blue Lips Review: Teetering on the Edge of Excess by Paul Attard There’s a sense throughout the album that the Los Angeles rapper is trying to make up for lost time. Faye Webster Underdressed at the Symphony Review: The Pleasure of Discomfort by Dana Poland The singer finds pleasure in the discomfort of feeling like she doesn’t belong. Mannequin Pussy I Got Heaven Review: A Musical Expression of Self-Governance by Nick Seip The album strikes a meticulous balance of firebrand punk and intoxicating power pop. Interviews Interview: Mstyslav Chernov on Connecting His Style to Ukraine’s Story in 20 Days in Mariupol by Marshall Shaffer February 22, 2024 Chernov discusses what guides his camera, Russia’s weaponization of disinformation, and more. Interview: Molly Manning Walker on Communicating Pleasure in How to Have Sex by Marshall Shaffer Interview: Lila Avilés on Charting the Language of Family in Tótem by Marshall Shaffer TV Shōgun Review: A Delicate Dance of Perspective by Ross McIndoe The series uses three distinct perspectives for a rumination on life and death. More Mr. & Mrs. Smith Review: A Smart, and Smartly Dressed, Adaptation by Ross McIndoe The series builds something different on the sturdy foundation established by the film. More Expats Review: A Portrait of American Privilege with Too Much Time on Its Hands by Steven Scaife The series tells a story that might have worked just fine if it weren’t spread across six episodes. More Games Mario vs. Donkey Kong Review: An Old Rivalry Gets a Wafer-Thin Makeover by Paul Attard The transition from handheld to home console has done the game little to no favors. More CorpoNation: The Sorting Process Review: The Existential Crisis of a Work-Life Balance by Mitchell Demorest CorpoNation is about more than just the severity of the discomfort imposed on you. More Solium Infernum Review: Good As Hell by Steven Scaife The game is all about taking advantage of and subverting the rules that restrict your actions. More Lists Every Season of Survivor Ranked by Jake Cole January 3, 2024 In the 24 years since it hit airwaves, Survivor has morphed from a “social experiment” into TV's most complex competition. The Best Theater of 2023 by Dan Rubins The 10 Best Horror Films of 2023 by Slant Staff Video Review: Hasebe Yasuharu’s Black Tight Killers on Radiance Films Blu-ray by Derek Smith Hasebe keeps the film anchored in a fragmented, pop-art-infused dream space. More Review: John Sturges’s Gunfight at the O.K. Corral on Kino Lorber 4K UHD Blu-ray by Clayton Dillard Never has the green felt on poker tables suggested such a world unto itself. More Blu-ray Review: Michael Roemer’s Nothing But a Man on the Criterion Collection by Jaime N. Christley Derek Smith Roemer’s film gets a home video release that confirms its classic status. More Theater Pericles Review: The Bawdy and the Beautiful by Dan Rubins Fiasco Theater’s production of Pericles is an electrifying act of double-resurrection itself. The Connector Review: Truth or Consequences by Dan Rubins The Connector’s characters reach beyond their time and place to point, Cassandra-like, toward the litany of offenses against the truth that would stack up over 25 years. Under the Radar 2024 by Dan Rubins In its new iteration, Under the Radar, which runs through January 21, hasn’t missed a step. Sign Up for Our Weekly Newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: Privacy Manager © 2024 Slant Magazine About Masthead Donate Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Home About Donate Film Music TV Games Video Theater Books Features News Giveaways