Maya Philippines - Secure Online Payment Account | Maya.ph Maya Maya Maya Bank Maya Business Maya Center Help & Support Search Get the App Home Services Protect Overview Mobile Protect Personal Protect Transfer Bills Payment Bank Transfer Send Money Send Money via @Username Grow Crypto Funds Savings Load Mobile Load Gaming Pins Sell Verified Seller Program Shop Pay with Maya online Pay with Maya card Pay with QR Explore all features User Guide Account Limits Activate Virtual Card All Guides Bank Transfer Bills Payment Cash In Claim Remittance Claim Remittance Freelancer OFW Create an Account Crypto Email Verification Funds Gaming Get a Maya Card Get Protected Link Physical Card Mobile Data Mobile Prepaid Load Pay using Maya Card Pay with Maya online Pay with QR Save Send Money Send Money via @Username Travel with Maya Upgrade Account Use Abroad Deals Store Partner Merchants Stories Careers Contact Us Get the App Home Services Protect Overview Mobile Protect Personal Protect Transfer Bills Payment Bank Transfer Send Money Send Money via @Username Grow Crypto Funds Savings Load Mobile Load Gaming Pins Sell Verified Seller Program Shop Pay with Maya online Pay with Maya card Pay with QR Explore all features User Guide All Guides Link Physical Card Account Limits Mobile Data Activate Virtual Card Mobile Prepaid Load Bank Transfer Pay using Maya Card Bills Payment Pay with Maya online Cash In Pay with QR Claim Remittance Freelancer OFW Create an Account Save Crypto Send Money Email Verification Send Money via @Username Funds Travel with Maya Gaming Upgrade Account Get a Maya Card Use Abroad Get Protected Deals Help & Support Store Partner Merchants Stories Get the App It’s everything and a bank. What more could you need? Scan to download the Maya app For existing Maya users, update your app to Maya Or head to the app store Get the App Search Get the App It’s everything and a bank. What more could you need? Scan to download the Maya app For existing Maya users, update your app to Maya Or head to the app store Get the App Home Services Protect Overview Mobile Protect Personal Protect Transfer Bills Payment Bank Transfer Send Money Grow Crypto Savings Load Mobile Load Gaming Pins Shop Pay with Maya online Pay with Maya card Pay with QR Explore all features User Guide All Guides Account Limits Activate Virtual Card Bank Transfer Bills Payment Cash In Claim Remittance Freelancer OFW Create an Account Crypto Email Verification Gaming Get a Maya Card Get Protected Link Physical Card Mobile Prepaid Load Mobile Data Pay using Maya Card Pay with Maya online Pay with QR Save Send Money Travel with Maya Upgrade Account Use Abroad Deals Store Partner Merchants Stories About Maya Help & Support Contact Us Get banked. with the #1 Digital Bank App in monthly active users Get banked. with the #1 Digital Bank App in monthly active users Start banking Play me × Meet your newall-in-one digital bank app Transfer Instantly send money through QR code or phone number Shop Whether it be crypto or stocks, you can grow your money how you like it Personalized Shop and withdraw cashwith a card that hasyour @username Easy to start Sign up with just 1 ID and nominimum balance and more! WHAT'S NEW Your Money. Your Way. It’s easy to get banked with Maya Maya gives the safety of a bank and convenience of a wallet. Get banked Get your very own physicalMaya card? Shop to your heart’s delight or withdraw cash with a cool black card with your @username on it Want a FREE Maya card? Click here to learn more. Get a Maya card COMING SOON We’ve got everything—and dark mode too Maya now comes with one of the greatest innovations of the 21st century. That’s right, we’ve got dark mode now! We hear it puts less strain on the eyes and saves battery (but we think it’s nice to look at, too!). PayMaya is now Maya That’s right, we’re more than a wallet now. We’ve got our own digital bank, crypto exchange, and so much more. Discover Maya Zero to ₱18,000 in seconds Get approval of up to 18k credit line with Maya Credit! Apply for Maya Credit Did you know you can send money using @usernames? Don't have a friend's bank account memorized? Too many details to enter? With Maya, all you need is your receiver's username and you're ready to send away. Create your @username now Crypto for all Get started with crypto through Maya. Buy, sell, send, and receive crypto anytime.Plus, you have access to over a dozen currencies and everything you need to learn about crypto, all in the app. Tell me more Shop ‘til you drop and pay later Visit your favorite online or retail Maya-partnered store and pay in installments every 2 weeks at 0% interest with no hidden fees! Tell me more Show me more Perks all the way, baby! Earn cashbacks when you cash-in, transfer, refer a friend and buy gaming credits. Get the App Move on to Maya with these exclusive deals to make the switch painless. Up to 3x FREE cash in via InstaPay 5x FREE InstaPay transfers per month Up to 14% interest p.a. with Maya Savings FREE Maya card P50 reward every time your friend uses your invite code to join Maya Earn up to ₱2,000 when you refer 40 friends to Maya. Every friend you refer to sign up, upgrade, and complete a transaction worth at least ₱20 using your code earns you ₱50. Complete your 20 referrals to earn ₱2,000. User Guide How to make the most out of Maya See how Maya gives you power over your finances with these step by step guides Upgrade Account Open a savings account, bump your wallet limit and more Upgrade your account Create an Account Get started with your new go-to money app and start sending, shopping, saving, and growing Create an Account Cash In Cash in via banks, self-service kiosks, debit and credit cards, and other channels Tell me more Claim Remittance Enjoy receiving money from our partners in the comfort of your home Tell me more Explore moreUser Guides Upgrade your account Access banking features, get a more personalized experience, and bump up your wallet limit 💰 Open a savings account with up to 10% p.a. starting March 7 ₿ Buy and sell crypto 💳 Shop online or in-store with a physical or virtual wallet card 💪 Max your monthly wallet limit from ₱50K to ₱100K Tell me more Deals Seal the deal with Maya Discover more deals & promos 🔥Dive into the colorful world of gaming! Check it out 🔥 Don't miss out on this epic deal! Check it out 🔥Ready to level up your gaming experience? Check it out 🔥 Get ready to game like never before! Check it out Top up your Color Game wallet with Maya for a minimum of P1,000 and get one raffle entry Check it out Top up your Perya Game wallet with Maya for a minimum of P1,000 and get one raffle entry Check it out Top up your BingoPlus wallet with Maya for a minimum of P1,000 and get one raffle entry Check it out Top up your ArenaPlus wallet with Maya for a minimum of P1,000 and get one raffle entry Check it out 🔥 Carnival fun in your pocket! Check it out Top up your Playzone wallet with Maya for a minimum of P1,000 and get one raffle entry Check it out Get P200 OFF on Zalora 🥳 Check it out Get 10% OFF when you top up your Lightning Dragon wallet using Maya Check it out Want to win a grand prize of P100,000 or P10,000 weekly? Get luck with Smart! Check it out Cash In for Free at SM! Check it out Score cash prizes when you pay your Meralco bill in full on Maya! Check it out Boost your interest up to 14% p.a. when you pay with Maya Check it out Unli P20 cashback on load! Check it out Save up to 15% OFF when you checkout with Maya on edamama! Check it out LIBRENG cash in sa Palawan Pawnshop! Check it out Get ₱200 cashback on Shopee 3.3 Sale with Maya! Check it out Get up to ₱250 OFF on Lazada's 3.3 Bonggang Bday Festival! Check it out Discover more deals & promos PARTNER MERCHANTS Meet the Maya community Check out the brands that offer the Maya experience Explore all partner merchants No more FOMO Stay updated on Maya's deals and promos Let's grow together Manage your finances, offer convenient services, build trust with customers and more with Maya's business solutions MAYA BUSINESS Grow your business and join the world in the new digital economy Explore solutions MAYA center Fast onboarding, no monthly fees, at real-time transaction history. Mas madaling kumita! Explore solutions verified seller Register for a badge and show your customers that you’re more than trustworthy-you’re Maya verified Get verified STORIES Where Maya is,a story follows Where Maya is, a story follows Featured Maya Bank leads digital banks as it crosses 1M customer base in five months Read on News Maya is the fastest-growing digital bank in the Philippines Read on Featured PayMaya Enterprise is now Maya Business Read on News Shanti x Maya Cash Code Hunt is now extended until July 9! Read on News Maya makes Lalamove deliveries more convenient and rewarding Read on Maya Credit All-in-one money app Maya sets the bar higher with fresh features and creative collabs Read on See more stories It’s everything and a bank. What more could you need? For existing PayMaya users, update your app to Maya Maya Customer Hotline: (+632) 8845-7788Domestic Toll-Free: 1-800-1084-57788Mobile: Dial *788 using your Smart mobile phone support@maya.ph Maya is powered by the country's only end-to-end digital payments company Maya Philippines, Inc. and Maya Bank, Inc. for digital banking services. Maya Philippines, Inc. and Maya Bank, Inc. are regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas.www.bsp.gov.ph Home User Guide Deals Store Partner Merchants Stories About Maya Help & Support Careers Contact Us Scan to downloadthe Maya app © Copyright Maya 2022 All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Switch to mode