NASA Earth Observatory - Home Atmosphere Heat Human Presence Land Life Natural Events All Drought Dust and Haze Earthquakes Fires Floods Landslides Man-made Sea and Lake Ice Severe Storms Temperature Extremes Unique Imagery Volcanoes Water Color Remote Sensing Snow & Ice Water Collections ABCs from Space Air Quality Amazon Deforestation Applied Sciences Astronaut Photography Backgrounders Blue Marble Earth at Night Earth from Afar Fall Colors Food and Agriculture International Parks and UNESCO Sites Renewable and Alternative Energy Sea Level Rise U.S. National Parks World of Change EO Explorer Topics Search Images Global Maps Articles Blogs EO Explorer Image of the Day Mar 5, 2024 Emissions from Fossil Fuels Continue to RiseScientists’ annual checkup on Earth’s carbon cycle found that burning oil, coal, and natural gas is impeding progress to limit climate change. Atmosphere Land Human Presence Featured America’s Sinking East Coast Critical infrastructure is threatened as sinking land amplifies global sea level rise. America’s Sinking East Coast Image of the Day Land Natural Event Published Mar 1, 2024 Amazon Forest Fires Rage in Roraima Huge understory fires are spreading throughout the state in northern Brazil as drought and heat turn the rainforest into tinder. Amazon Forest Fires Rage in Roraima Image of the Day Land Fires Atmosphere Land Snow & Ice Water Human Natural Event Life Climate Indicators The World Subscribe to our newsletters Image An Oasis of Green in Senegal Wetlands in Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary are used by millions of migrating birds. Published Mar 4, 2024 Image of the Day Land Image Sierra Vista This city in southern Arizona is surrounded by mountains, national forest, and conservation areas. Published Mar 3, 2024 Image of the Day Land Image New Lows for Great Lakes Ice Cover The effects of a warm winter in the upper Midwest are evident in the lack of lake ice. Published Feb 29, 2024 Image of the Day Land Water Severe Storms Temperature Extremes Image A Climate Archive Melts The surface melting of a high-elevation glacier in the Alps has rendered it unusable for scientific research. Published Feb 29, 2024 Image of the Day Snow and Ice Image Fires in Guatemala The blaze near Quetzaltenango was one of several burning across the country. Published Feb 27, 2024 Image of the Day Atmosphere Land Fires Image Antarctica Unpinned New research shows that while some Antarctic ice shelves have been thinning since at least the 1970s, widespread thinning accelerated in the 1990s. Published Feb 27, 2024 Image of the Day Snow and Ice Image Making Sense of Holes in the Clouds Scientists speculated about these holes for decades, but it’s now well understood that cavum clouds are caused by airplanes. Published Feb 26, 2024 Image of the Day Atmosphere Water Subscribe to our newsletters Image Mount Nemrut’s Compelling Caldera Lakes and lava flows fill the depression atop this geologically young stratovolcano in eastern Türkiye. Published Feb 25, 2024 Image of the Day Land Image Sediment Fans Out Over the Yangtze Bank A distinct plume of suspended sediment is a persistent winter feature off China’s coast. Published Feb 24, 2024 Image of the Day Land Image Nusantara: A New Capital City in the Forest The future site of Indonesia’s new capital saw rapid change between 2022 and 2024. Published Feb 23, 2024 Image of the Day Land Life Human Presence Article World of Change NASA satellites document how our world—forests, oceans, human landscapes, even the Sun—changes over months, seasons, and years. Published Apr 29, 2009 Atmosphere Heat Land Life Human Presence Snow and Ice Image Drought Parches Morocco Reservoirs are running out of water and crops are browning in the North African country. Published Feb 22, 2024 Image of the Day Land Global Maps Mar 2000 — Aug 2023 Fire Whether started by humans (farming, logging, or accidents) or by nature (lightning), fires are always burning somewhere on Earth. These maps show the locations of fires burning around the world each month. Land Article Mission: Biomes Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live in a different part of the world? What would the weather be like? What kinds of animals would you see? Which plants live there? By investigating these questions, you are learning about biomes. Published Aug 28, 2020 Land Life Image A Rare Tropical Storm in the South Atlantic Akará is only the third such storm recorded in the region since 2015. Published Feb 20, 2024 Image of the Day Atmosphere Severe Storms Notes from the Field Grounding Perspectives Scientists and disaster risk-reduction practitioners visited Nepal to view major landslide sites and better understand what satellite data reveal about the landscape. Published Feb 13, 2024 Article How to Interpret a Satellite Image: Five Tips and Strategies What do you do when presented with a new satellite image? Here's what the Earth Observatory team does to understand the view. Published Nov 18, 2013 Remote Sensing Notes from the Field Little Things Make a Big Difference Individual bits of tiny living beings and inanimate particles are too small for your eye to see. But when billions to trillions of them aggregate in one place, they can make a vast difference in life on Earth. Published Feb 7, 2024 Atmosphere Water Earth Matters February Puzzler Your challenge is to tell us the location of the satellite image and why it is interesting. Published Feb 6, 2024 Notes from the Field The Long and Winding Road to Launch For NASA and the ocean science community, the PACE launch will be the culmination of at least a decade of work. For me, it will be the culmination of something that started in 1950. Published Feb 5, 2024 Atmosphere Water Article Temperature Extremes 2023 Warmer-than-average temperatures are showing up locally and globally, with consequences for people, landscapes, and ecosystems. Published Aug 15, 2023 Heat Global Maps Jan 2005 — Sep 2016 Aerosol Size Sea salt, volcanic ash, dust, wildfire smoke, and industrial pollution are types of airborne aerosols. Natural aerosols tend to be larger than human-made aerosols. These maps show when and where aerosols come from nature, humans, or both. Atmosphere Article North Atlantic Hurricane Season The 2023 season runs from June 1 to November 30, with peak activity generally occurring in September. Published Jun 1, 2023 Atmosphere Remote Sensing Article Blue Marble Next Generation 12 months of high-resolution global true color satellite imagery. Published Oct 13, 2005 Atmosphere Land Water Snow and Ice Global Maps Jul 2002 — Aug 2023 Sea Surface Temperature Ocean temperatures can influence weather, such as hurricane formation, and climate patterns, such as El Niño. These maps show the temperature at the surface of the world’s seas and oceans. Heat Water Global Maps Jul 2006 — Jan 2023 Net Radiation Net radiation is the balance between incoming and outgoing energy at the top of the atmosphere. It is the total energy available to influence climate after light and heat are reflected, absorbed, or emitted by clouds and land. Heat Article Earth at Night Satellite images of Earth at night have been a curiosity for the public and a tool of fundamental research for at least 25 years. They have provided a broad, beautiful picture, showing how humans have shaped the planet and lit up the darkness. Published Apr 12, 2017 Atmosphere Land Human Presence Remote Sensing Article Fire Season in the Northern Hemisphere Wildland fires in 2023 brought hazy skies and poor air quality to several countries north of the equator. Published May 22, 2023 Atmosphere Land Global Maps Feb 2000 — Aug 2023 Vegetation Greenness is an important indicator of health for forests, grasslands, and farms. The greenness of a landscape, or vegetation index, depends on the number and type of plants, how leafy they are, and how healthy they are. Land Life Global Maps Jun 2002 — Sep 2011 Sea Surface Temperature Anomaly These maps depict how much hotter or cooler an ocean basin was compared to the long-term average. Temperature anomalies can indicate changes in ocean circulation or the arrival of patterns like El Niño and La Niña. Heat Water Article Food and Agriculture From soil conditions to crop productivity, satellite data help inform farmers, scientists, and decision-makers in the U.S. and around the world. Published Feb 28, 2023 Land Article Winter from the International Space Station Over the years, astronauts aboard the orbiting laboratory have snapped spectacular photographs of Earth’s snow and ice in both hemispheres. Published Dec 21, 2022 Snow and Ice Article EO On This Day In honor of our site anniversary, we offer a selection of some of the most beautiful, newsworthy, interesting, and scientifically important images from 23 years online — one image for each day of the calendar year. Published Apr 26, 2022 Atmosphere Heat Land Life Water Snow and Ice Feeds Contact About Image Use Policy Privacy Policy Webmaster Paul Przyborski NASA Official Robert Levy The Earth Observatory is part of the EOS Project Science Office at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center