Hyperborea: Kelson Vibber Site Search Hyperborea: Kelson Vibber Techie, software developer, hobbyist photographer, sci-fi/fantasy & comics fan in the Los Angeles area. He/him. What’s on Here? This has been my main personal website for ages, and it’s grown weirdly over the years. I have a more focused IndieWeb-style page at KVibber.com, but most of my actual stuff is here, including... Subscribe📡 Latest Feb 24: Phish Training Feb 24: A City on Mars Feb 14: Using Thunderbird to Move Email to a New Account Feb 09: Onyx BOOX Poke3 Feb 09: Readable Email and Web Pages K2 Ramblings, my personal blog covering a wide range of topics in technology, entertainment, and everyday life. (In theory it’s a shared family blog, but I’m the main one who posts there these days.) Tech Tips, Troubleshooting and How-Tos, a collection of computer problems I've run into and how I solved them (or how I found the solutions). Reviews of books, movies, software, etc. Creativity Short stories and poetry Scenic photos from the 1990s. I also ran a photo blog at WordPress for a few years, and I have tons more photos on Flickr. The Music Hall - MIDI files I put together from madrigals so I could use them for choir practice Fandom Re-Reading Les Misérables - A blog in which I comment on the novel and review various adaptations. Flash: Those Who Ride the Lightning - Fan reference site for DC Comics’ speedsters, their enemies, and supporting cast up through 2011, when I ran out of free time to maintain it. (The Speed Force blog spun out of it, and is still going.) Fan Convention Reports & Photos Humor Humor Files Funny quotes and other random amusements collected from 1998-2005. Googolplex Theaters - a 2005 April Fool’s joke that seems more plausible now than it did at the time. My Gemini Capsule contains a subset of this website in Gemini, an ultra-light protocol and format that’s somewhere between Gopher and a minimalist Web. For surfing the "smol internet" I recommend Lagrange on Windows, macOS and Linux, Amfora for terminal access, Seren on Android, and Elaho on iOS. I have a bunch of articles from my Web Advocacy days. And in case you’re wondering: What the heck is a Hyperborea? Where You May Find Me Mastodon: @KelsonV@Wandering.Shop (microblogging, kind of like Twitter) GoToSocial: @KelsonV@gts.keysmash.xyz (microblogging, kind of like Twitter and Mastodon) Flickr: KelsonV (TONS of scenic photos, oddities, and pictures from fan conventions.) PixelFed: @KelsonV (Photo stream like Instagram) Mastodon: @KelsonV@Photog.Social (more photos, actually I haven’t been here in a while.) I’m an active contributor to iNaturalist and OpenStreetMap. And yes, you can find me on LinkedIn. (I no longer use Twitter, Facebook or Instagram, though I haven't deleted all my accounts yet.) And occasionally I sell stuff on eBay. Site History · Editorial — Author: Kelson Vibber.