aerobis fitness | Fitness Equipment for maximum Results in minimal Time Hot Deals Fast Shipping English Deutsch Nederlands Italiano Français Español Svenska Norsk 0Shopping Cart 🛒 Shop aeroSling Sling Trainer revvll & Battle Boa Rope Trainer Battle Rope & Jump Ropes Flywheel Trainer Flexible Strength Bands Training with Weights Frames & Attachments Stretch & Recover DEALS 🫵🏻 My Account Training The aerobis Fitness Guide Sling Trainer Workouts Rope Trainer Workouts Battle Rope Workouts Fitness Bands Workouts Sandbag Workouts powrlink Web Export Blog Login / Register Page LinkSearch Menu Menu Your Fitness is our PassionReach & maintain optimal Fitness in minimal exercise time. Our Fitness Equipment enables you to train effectively anywhere! The perfect foundation: Pulley Sling Training aeroSling Tactical Slingtrainer 200,84 € 167,23 € * - 17% Rated 5.00 out of 5aeroSling ELITE Plus – Luxury Slingtrainer 158,82 € – 268,07 € * aeroSling ELITE – The original Slingtrainer 125,21 € – 150,42 € * Strength endurance through rope training Rated 5.00 out of 5Battle Boa – Rope resistance trainer From: 377,31 € * Rated 5.00 out of 5revvll ONE – Rope Trainer for everyone 494,96 € * Rated 5.00 out of 5revvll PRO – High-End Rope Trainer 755,46 € * Strength training with Bands New! Rated 5.00 out of 5Powerband Trainer – 200kg of Resistance! 207,00 € 125,21 € * - 40% New! Powerbands – 4 flexible bands 50,34 € * Rated 5.00 out of 5alphaband Trainer – Compact strength trainer 166,39 € 116,81 € * - 30% Weights & Vests Kettlebell – 1 size up to 25kg 33,53 € * Sandbag – 1 size up to 30 kg 74,79 € 49,58 € * - 34% Weight Vest – 1 size up to 25 kg 83,19 € – 125,21 € * - 41% Battle Rope & Jump Rope Training Rated 5.00 out of 5Battle Boa – Rope resistance trainer From: 377,31 € * Premium Battle Rope – Very flexible 108,40 € – 166,39 € * Battle Jump Rope – Heavy skipping rope 32,77 € – 49,58 € * - 34% Eccentric flywheel training Rated 5.00 out of 5Kinetic Trainer – Flywheel trainer 755,46 € * Fitness Harness 57,98 € * 8mm Plates for Kinetic Trainer 158,82 € * Fitness rigs & mounting solutions Pull-up bar for wall & ceiling 158,82 € * Gym ULTIMATE (with revvll PRO) 2.941,18 € 2.436,13 € * - 17% Gym ULTIMATE (with revvll ONE) 2.689,08 € 2.268,07 € * - 16% aerobis fitness - your almost unfair advantageInnovative, mobile fitness equipment for Functional Training With our training equipment you can make your workouts more efficient by focusing your on movement and muscle chains, instead of isolated muscles. Engage in practical Fitness Training in order to challenge your body in a complete and balanced way. Our fitness equipment compliments each other and has individual focal points. That being said, every product can be used individually for a holistic training. On our brand pages you will find the training focus of the respective brand. If you have questions, just use the live chat of drop us a line by email. We are looking forward to helping you! What you can expect from our fitness equipmentGet your dream body with almost no effort and no swear. Sounds great but quite frankly it simply doesn´t work. The internet is full of dubious and sometimes conflicting fitness advice. Products look almost identical on small pictures. The inability to see and touch the product doesn´t help. Therefore, we would like to explain the rationale behind our products in a little more depth and let you be the judge. We strive for one goal – to create workout tools that you´ll love to use and that enable you to get maximum results in minimal time. We want enable you to re-connect to your Natural Movement Patterns. Everybody can get fit (and injured) working out 5-7 times per week but what drives us at aerobis is to get the best bang for the buck out of every minute of training. We want you to be in peak physical condition on all levels, not just to look good at the beach. Consistency is another key component in any workout regimen. That is why we build training equipment that can travel with you wherever you are and that is easy to integrate in any fitness gym. Functional fitness can be the solutionOur bodies are all identical from a distance. Same organ-, extremities- and muscle count. Our joints move in the same angles and have a similar range of motion. Sure, genetics make everyone unique but more important is if and how we move our physical bodies as we grow (older). Most of the time these movements become more specialized. Most of us become experts in sitting still on a chair for hours on end starring at a screen. When we think about fitness, we mostly think about increased muscle mass and decreased body fat. While that is important, it is only a small fraction of the equation. Always neglected are the motor skills of your nervous system. The sad truth is that the motor skills of grown-ups have deteriorated and is often worse compared to their performance as children. A lot of today’s fitness products are geared towards providing a quick sense of accomplishment by making it very simple for you to perform the exercise. Most machines in your average gym will make you sit down and train a muscle by pushing or pulling a guided resistance in one direction. It might still be hard for your muscles to perform the movement but requires minor effort from your motor skills. If, on the other hand, you train movements that involve your whole body, your nervous system is working out big time. It will do everything to acquire new motor skills to make the movement more efficient the next time. Your nervous system also learns how to use the involved muscle chains in cooperation to deal with the exercise or similar challenges. That is why our fitness equipment is focused on supporting you to train your body holistically. It helps you to improve muscle mass, controlling body fat but first and foremost by engaging your motor skills for broad adoption of your training movements to real life situations. This is what we call Functional Training. Which aerobis fitness equipment do I need?It is impossible to answer that without knowing your personal goals but we can give a you a few general hints to point you in the right direction. All our products will require you to get accustomed to the corresponding type of training. It might also mean that you will not instantly look good using them. As we mentioned above, there might be some catching up to do on your motor skills, before you can move through your workout with grace. This is ok – it can be a lot of fun and you will see fast improvements. Just take it slow but consistent and you will get results. Here is a breakdown of our solutions: If you are looking for a very broadly usable fitness tool, we recommend getting an aeroSling pulley sling trainer. It is the ideal basis for your functional training and you can have a very successful training life just using this single piece of equipment. If you don´t know where to start, this is it! If you primarily want to focus on strength and muscle growth, the alphaband resistance bands are your tool of choice. Especially the alphaband Trainer is literally a complete gym in a bag. The anti-allergic bands all combine into one anchor hook and that way the resistance setting can be changed in seconds. You will grow but never outgrow the load you can generate with one set of alphabands. Guaranteed. Barbells, Kettlebells and Dumbbells all have one thing in common: they have really nice (sometimes even textured) handles so that you have an optimal grip. Nature does not come with nice handles. In the real world weight isn´t stable and evened out perfectly. blackPack sandbags are made to be a non-cooperative weight. The weight flows inside the bag and the whole structure will bend and twist when you move it. Sandbag Training is great to challenge your coordination and grip strength. Working out with Battling Ropes looks easy and straightforward. Do it yourself for a few seconds and you quickly realize how abysmal wrong you were. The crucial part is having the right hardware. Most ropes are made of simple twisted strands and are either too light, too stiff or both. Only heavy and flexible ropes will enable you to make great, flowing waves and have a demanding workout. The special braiding and material makes our battle ropes very flexible and very resilient. The revvll rope trainer machine is a different animal. Imagine having full freedom of movement for all your pulling, pushing and rotational movements while having to work against a constant tension that can be adjusted in 6 settings. It is a high-tech machine that generates serious resistance in a smooth and easy to use way. The time-under-tension is unmatched. Work out with it for 30 seconds and you know what we are talking about – oh, the PUMP! You can change exercises in a flowing, smooth way and target different muscle chains by just changing the way you grab the rope. verso360 rigs are made to be distinctive, space efficient and scalable. We created the system to offer a beautiful, integrated alternative to the more rugged rigs you see in many CrossFit and garage gyms. The standardized verso360 parts that can be combined to solve almost any architectural needs. We have wall solutions, free standing solutions and even a variation that can be mounted on ceilings. We are happy to help you planning your solution! Discover all our fitness products About us / Contact / Imprint / TAC / Cancellation Policy / Privacy / Shipping CostOur Newsletter / Instagram / Facebook We ship from Germany! ✔ Fast Worldwide Shipping with UPS & GLS ✔ Same day shipping if you order until 13:00 (excl. orders that require customs paperwork) ✔ Tracking information with every order ✔ Live chat with real people ✔ Safe & Secure payment ✔ Highest quality *Coupon minimum order value is 100€. Please be aware that shipping to non-EU countries will incur additional fees and taxes. Shipping free from 50€ only in Germany except bulky goods. Scroll to top This website uses cookies. More info.Accept CookiesReject Cookie and Privacy Settings How we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer. Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site. We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain. We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings. Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab. Click to enable/disable essential site cookies. Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page. Google Webfont Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts. Google Map Settings: Click to enable/disable Google Maps. Google reCaptcha Settings: Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha. Vimeo and Youtube video embeds: Click to enable/disable video embeds. Other cookiesThe following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: Click to enable/disable shopmagic_visitor* - Cart Tracking. Click to enable/disable _ga* - Google Marketing. Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page. Privacy Policy Accept CookiesReject