Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford Skip to main content University of Oxford Department of Computer Science Search for Search Toggle Main Menu Home (current) Study with us Research News Events About Us Student Space Partner with us Welcome to the Department of Computer Science The Department of Computer Science is consistently recognised as the internationally leading centre of research and teaching across a broad spectrum of computer science, ranging from foundational discoveries to interdisciplinary work with significant real-world impact. We are proud of our history as one of the longest-established computer science departments in the country, as we continue to provide first-rate undergraduate and postgraduate teaching to some of the world's brightest minds. We enjoy close links with other University departments and Oxford research groups and institutes. Discover More OUR WORLD-CLASS RESEARCH Our world-class research is conducted across our research themes, which span the broad spectrum of computer science, ranging from foundational discoveries to interdisciplinary work with significant real-world impact. A significant majority of our staff are active in externally sponsored research, with both government and industrial funding. Our 2021 Research Excellence Framework submission saw 81% of our research activity ranked as world-leading, with the rest ranked as internationally excellent. Find out more Find out more Study with us We offer a range of courses: from our undergraduate degrees (Computer Science, Maths and Computer Science, and Computer Science and Philosophy) and full-time Masters degrees (MSc in Advanced Computer Science and MSc in Mathematics and Foundations of Computer Science), to part-time graduate programmes for professionals (MSc in Software Engineering and MSc in Software and Systems Security). Find out more Meet our people Our greatest asset is our people. We consistently attract the best staff and students and, thanks to them, we have been ranked as the world's leading university for computer sciences for six years in a row by the Times Higher Education. All News News All Events Events Work for us Find our latest vacancies here. Find out more Back to Top Calendars Internal RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy & Cookies Accessibility Statement © University of Oxford /index.html