The Texas Observer: Investigating Texas Since 1954 Skip to content The Texas Observer Since 1954 Toggle Menu Join Donate Digital Library Leak Shop Toggle Search Search icon Search… Search Sections About The Magazine Support Shop Events Donate Digital Library Toggle Search Search icon Sections Toggle Sections Border and Immigration Civil Rights Criminal Justice Culture Education Environment Housing Labor Loon Star State Politics Public Health Reviews Photo Essays About Toggle About About the Observer Staff The Texas Democracy Foundation MOLLY National Journalism Prizes Work for the Texas Observer Syndication The Magazine Toggle The Magazine Get the Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Library Support Toggle Support Donate Become a Member Shop Legacy Giving Search Search… Search Socials Find the Texas Observer on Facebook Find the Texas Observer on Twitter Find the Texas Observer on Instagram Find the Texas Observer on Mastodon Kim Ogg: DA Under Fire Harris County had big plans to reform its criminal justice system. What went wrong? by Jolie McCullough Keep Reading Advertisement Featured Stories Kim Ogg: DA Under Fire by Jolie McCullough Right-Wing Bloggers Busted During Militia Border Tour by Francesca D’Annunzio Jim Crow Still Lingers in Bonham, Civil Rights Lawyers Say by Josephine Lee The Latest Rural Texas ⋆ Mar 4 Uninsured Country: Affordable Health Care Eludes Many Family Farmers and Ranchers Americans who operate small family farms and ranches often cannot get adequate health care and insurance. A journalist who spent her summers on her family’s Texas ranch writes about family members’ struggles and the challenges rural residents face today. by Jordan Gass-Pooré Border and Immigration ⋆ Mar 1 Federal Judge Halts Texas Deportation Law “Surges in immigration do not constitute an ‘invasion’ within the meaning of the Constitution.” by Gus Bova News ⋆ Feb 28 Will Cornyn Take McConnell’s Place atop Senate GOP? Texas’ senior senator re-embraces Trump as he vies to become the chamber’s top Republican. That won’t come easy. by Justin Miller Books ⋆ Feb 28 Texas Mother-Daughter Books Are More a Shot of Whiskey than a Sip of Tea Undoubtedly, mother-daughter relationships are as varied in the Lone Star State as anywhere else on the planet, but in my experience, Texas moms are tough. by Chris Cander News ⋆ Feb 27 The Texas Observer Loses Three Editorial Staff, Plans to Grow Business Team “I’ve been in this business a long time, and I’ve never had colleagues who were more dedicated to covering the people and the issues who usually don’t get enough attention from the news media.” by Texas Observer Staff See all SIGN UP FOR TEXAS OBSERVER EMAILS Get our latest in-depth reporting straight to your inbox. Enter your email Sign Up Politics Politics ‘Their Knees Are Still on Our Necks’: Black Women in Higher Ed Female African American scholars still face significant obstacles in academia even without being slapped by Governor Greg Abbott’s regressive reforms. by Deliah Brown Politics ‘It’s Time for a Change’: Dem Behind HISD Takeover Faces Challengers House Representative Harold Dutton Jr. stands behind the state takeover of the district. Can he survive another reelection after its fallout? by Josephine Lee Politics Parker County ‘White Nationalist Fight Club’ Leader Exposed The Texas Active Club leader blurred his face but forgot to scrub his socials. by Steven Monacelli See all Environment Environment Port Arthur’s 30-Year Fight for Environmental Justice A report from the fencelines in the booming Southeast Texas petrochemical corridor. by James Bruggers Environment The Cancer Factory Too many U.S. workers still suffer and die from exposure to well-known toxic substances, a Texas investigative reporter’s new book says. by Lise Olsen Environment Insects All Around Us Exploring the foliage for crawling, flying critters in one of Austin’s most beautiful nature preserves. by Kit O’Connell See all Culture Culture Poem: Drought We sit by the window of the nursing home where her face can feel the sun. by Thomas Mason Culture Loon Star State: Hoax This is fine. by Ben Sargent Culture Strangest State: Hello Possum, Goodbye Fish Sharing the latest dispatches from far-flung Texas. by Texas Observer Staff See all Since 1954 GET THE MAGAZINE March/April 2024 Subscribers to the print and digital editions of the Texas Observer get the first look at our in-depth, investigative reporting before it’s published online. Subscribe today so you don’t miss out. Learn more Past issues January / February 2024 November / December 2023 September / October 2023 July / August 2023 See all Find the Texas Observer on Facebook Find the Texas Observer on Twitter Find the Texas Observer on Instagram Find the Texas Observer on Mastodon Sections Border and Immigration Civil Rights COVID-19 Criminal Justice Culture Education Environment Housing Indigenous Affairs Labor Loon Star State Politics Public Health Rural Texas Reviews Photo Essays Poetry About About the Observer Staff The Molly National Journalism Prize The Texas Democracy Foundation Republish Us (Syndication) Work for the Texas Observer The Magazine Get the Magazine Archives Where to Find the Texas Observer Digital Library Contact Contacts List Leak to the Observer Pitch to the Texas Observer Support Donate Become a Member Legacy Giving Events RSVP Shop Observer Merch SIGN UP FOR TEXAS OBSERVER EMAILS Get our latest in-depth reporting straight to your inbox. Enter your email Sign Up © 2021 The Texas Observer. All rights reserved. Site made in collaboration with CMYK. Privacy Policy • Terms and Conditions