Hubbard's Marina | Deep Sea Fishing | Dolphin Watching Cruise | Maderia Beach FL Hubbard's Marina | Deep Sea Fishing | Dolphin Watching Tours | John's Pass Madeira Beach FL (727) 393-1947 Book Now Menu Fishing Trips Trips 5 Hour Half Day Trip 5 Hour Shark Trip 10 Hour All Day Trip 12 Hour Night Trip 12 Hour Extreme Trip 39 Hour Overnight Trip 44 Hour Full Moon Trip Slow Pitch Jigging Trips Weather Links Previous Trip Photos Private Charters Inshore Fishing Private Fishing Charter Private Pleasure Charters Large Groups Fishing Video Links Fishing Tips & Tricks CATCH MORE FISH! Bass Pro Fishing Seminar Off The Hook w/ Capt. Hubbard Fishing Trip Information Fishing Trip Reservations Specialty Trip Schedule Fishing Rules & Regs Regular’s Club Info Boat Layouts More Info Fisheries Science & Management How to travel with fish Supporters Club Salt Strong Old Salts Fishing Club Private Charters Private Fishing Charter Inshore Fishing Flying HUB 2 Hub Private Pleasure Charters HubCat 49 Bay Taxi 1 Sea Adventure Large Groups Florida Fisherman 2 Friendly Fisherman Ash Scattering At Sea Looking For a Charter Outside Our Area? Cruises Dolphin Watching Cruise Sunset Cruise Egmont Key Ferry Snorkeling Tour on Egmont Key Island Shell Key Ferry Camping On Shell Key Hubbard’s Ferry 3 Hour Shell Key Shelling Trip Shop Marina Store Apparel Shirts Hats Sunglasses Jackets Hoodies Buffs Visors Reels Conventional Spinning Rods Conventional Spinning Combos Slow Pitch Jigging SPJ Rods SPJ Reels SPJ Jigs Less than 100G 100g /200g More than 200g Tackle Fishing Line Terminal Tackle Lures / Jigs Gift Certificates Info Cupcake Contest Marina Info Webcams Hubbard’s Marina History Meet The Crew John’s Pass Parking #SaveJohnsPass Contact Free Birthday Trip Lady Anglers of Hubbard’s Marina Final Friday Don’s Dock & Seafood Market Fishing Reports Previous Trip Photos Boating Superstitions Bad Luck Bananas Pineapples on ships FAQ’s How to travel with fish Privacy Policy Where To Where to Eat Where to Party Where to Play Where to Stay Catch & COOK (727) 393-1947 Book Now Menu Fishing Trips Trips 5 Hour Half Day Trip 5 Hour Shark Trip 10 Hour All Day Trip 12 Hour Night Trip 12 Hour Extreme Trip 39 Hour Overnight Trip 44 Hour Full Moon Trip Slow Pitch Jigging Trips Weather Links Previous Trip Photos Private Charters Inshore Fishing Private Fishing Charter Private Pleasure Charters Large Groups Fishing Video Links Fishing Tips & Tricks CATCH MORE FISH! Bass Pro Fishing Seminar Off The Hook w/ Capt. Hubbard Fishing Trip Information Fishing Trip Reservations Specialty Trip Schedule Fishing Rules & Regs Regular’s Club Info Boat Layouts More Info Fisheries Science & Management How to travel with fish Supporters Club Salt Strong Old Salts Fishing Club Private Charters Private Fishing Charter Inshore Fishing Flying HUB 2 Hub Private Pleasure Charters HubCat 49 Bay Taxi 1 Sea Adventure Large Groups Florida Fisherman 2 Friendly Fisherman Ash Scattering At Sea Looking For a Charter Outside Our Area? Cruises Dolphin Watching Cruise Sunset Cruise Egmont Key Ferry Snorkeling Tour on Egmont Key Island Shell Key Ferry Camping On Shell Key Hubbard’s Ferry 3 Hour Shell Key Shelling Trip Shop Marina Store Apparel Shirts Hats Sunglasses Jackets Hoodies Buffs Visors Reels Conventional Spinning Rods Conventional Spinning Combos Slow Pitch Jigging SPJ Rods SPJ Reels SPJ Jigs Less than 100G 100g /200g More than 200g Tackle Fishing Line Terminal Tackle Lures / Jigs Gift Certificates Info Cupcake Contest Marina Info Webcams Hubbard’s Marina History Meet The Crew John’s Pass Parking #SaveJohnsPass Contact Free Birthday Trip Lady Anglers of Hubbard’s Marina Final Friday Don’s Dock & Seafood Market Fishing Reports Previous Trip Photos Boating Superstitions Bad Luck Bananas Pineapples on ships FAQ’s How to travel with fish Privacy Policy Where To Where to Eat Where to Party Where to Play Where to Stay Catch & COOK (727) 393-1947 Book Now Home 2024 schedule released! Click here to book your specialty trips today! HUBBARD'S MARINA DEEP SEA FISHING "IF YOU'RE TOO BUSY TO GO FISHING, YOU'RE JUST TOO BUSY!" BOOK NOW hubbard's marina dolphin watching nature eco tour GUARANTEED DOLPHIN SIGHTINGS! BOOK now The Best Way To EXPERIENCE The Bay PRIVATE CHARTERS Learn More hubbard's ferry egmont key island ferry SPEND THE DAY ON A BEAUTIFUL PRISTINE ISLAND! explore now hubbard's marina sunset cruise W/ FREE BEER AND WINE! BOOK now See Why We Were Voted #1 Fishing charter In THe U.S.  4.7/5 7,736 Reviews  4.7/5 8,378 Reviews #1 Fishing Charter  4.5/5 526 Reviews  4.5/5 2,663 Reviews most popular trips 5 hour fishing Experience a thrilling adventure on the water with Hubbard’s Marina! Join us for an exciting 5-hour fishing trip that promises fun for the entire family. ages : ALL 5 Hours find out more Dolphin Watching Cruise Get up close to Florida's wildlife in their natural habitat on our Dolphin Watching Nature Cruise & Eco Tour! Embark on an unforgettable adventure today. ages : ALL 90 mins find out more Egmont Key Ferry SPEND SOME TIME ON A BEAUTIFUL PRISTINE ISLAND PARADISE ages : ALL 5 Hours find out more 10 Hour Fishing Trip The ten hour all day deep sea party boat fishing trip ages : ALL 10 Hours find out more Discover endless fun on the water with our diverse range of activities! Our fishing trips are just the beginning - we also offer exciting dolphin watching adventures, breathtaking sunset cruises, unforgettable Egmont/Shell Key Island excursions, and even camping experiences on a pristine barrier island. Plus, for a truly personalized experience, consider booking one of our private charters. Don't miss out on all the fun that awaits! Book Now Private Charters hubbard’s marina PRIVATE CHARTERS ARE the best way to experience the bay! Make your next group outing unforgettable with our private charter boats, designed for groups of 1-120. Choose from our custom-built USCG inspected and fully insured fleet and let us help you pick the perfect trip that fits your needs.At Hubbard’s Marina Charter boats, we offer a variety of experiences, including private charters, party boat trips, sunset cruises, pub crawls, and even ash scattering ceremonies. Our reputation as the most professional and productive charter boats in West Florida is unmatched, thanks to our commitment to delivering outstanding service and exceptional catches.With expert captains and crew members on hand to assist you, this is the ideal way for your group to get out on the water and make memories to last a lifetime. Join us for an unforgettable experience today! Learn More Best way to experience the bay Dolphin and Eco Tours Want a Guarantee to see dolphins? This is the tour for you. We interact with these dolphins every day and know their habits. We guarantee dolphin sightings or your next trip is free! learn more Snorkeling Adventure Within our trip to egmont key we also offer a snorkeling excursion. Take a dive into the ruins located off the beach of Egmont Key for a under the sea experience. learn more Camping at Shell Key Have you always wanted to camp on a pristine beach? Well, camping at shell key is for you. learn more Shelling Adventure Shell Key is known for its beautiful beaches but even more for its shelling. If you are looking for the most pristine shells, or sharks teeth our trips to shell key are your ticket to the best shelling adventure in Tampa Bay. learn more Sunset Cruise The best way to enjoy a sunset is out on the water. Our sunset cruise w/ free beer and wine, will allow you to relax and enjoy the sunset from the best spot with no obstructions to your view. learn more Near Shore Fishing For us, near shore fishing is any fishing in waters out to 100' of water or about 20 miles. We have multiple trips that can get you to these depths. Our 5 hour, 10 hour and 12 hour night trip all fish in these waters. learn more Offshore Fishing For us, Offshore fishing is any fishing past about 20 miles, or more than 100ft of water. We have multiple trips to get you out there for a day, or multi day fishing adventure. learn more Fun in the sun since 1928! Join us for a fishing or cruising adventure in Tampa Bay, where we’ve been operating since 1928. With four generations of family ownership and operation, you can trust us to provide the ultimate boating experience.Our options are diverse and flexible, with 5, 10, 12, 39, and 44-hour party boat fishing trips available. For those looking for a more personalized experience, we offer private charters for corporate events, bachelor parties, family trips, cruises, and more.Take a daily dolphin watching nature cruise and eco tour, or relax and enjoy a daily sunset cruise with complimentary beer and wine. We also have a daily Egmont Key ferry with a snorkeling option that leaves from Fort de Soto park’s Bay pier and takes you to the exclusive island of Egmont Key. And for a unique experience, join us for a 3 hour shelling cruise from Hubbard’s Marina. Come discover the best in boating with Hubbard’s! Watch the video to find out more! FIshing Reports Categories Hubbard's Marina Fishing Reports March 1, 2024 HM Fishing Report 3-1-24 Categories Hubbard's Marina Fishing Reports February 23, 2024 HM Fishing Report 2-23-24 Categories Hubbard's Marina Fishing Reports February 16, 2024 HM Fishing Report 2-16-24 Follow us on instagram From the shell crew – OUR PASSENGER found the RARE We are back at the Bay Pier inside Ft De Soto park Dolphin fun on board our Shell Key Ferry! Join us Captain Frank is putting our guests on Hogfish! If Hogfish bite is on fire near shore!! Come find out Load More Follow Us sign up for our weekly fishing report to see what we are catching, deals / offers, upcoming events, updates and more! *By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from:Hubbard’s Marina 170 Boardwalk Pl. E. Madeira Beach FL 33708. Fishing 5 Hour Half Day 10 Hour All Day 12 Hour Night Trip 12 Hour Extreme Trip 39 Hour Overnight Trip 44 Hour Full Moon Trip Slow Pitch Jigging Trips explore Dolphin Watching Cruise Sunset Cruise w/ Free Beer Egmont Key Ferry Shell Key Ferry Snorkeling at Egmont Key Camping at Shell Key Hubbard's Ferry useful links Private Charters Previous Trip Photos Fishing Reports Weather Links Webcams Fishing Tips & Tricks Frequently Asked Questions (FAQS) Fun in the sun since 1928 170 Johns Pass Boardwalk, Madeira Beach, FL 33708 Open Daily From: 6:00 AM To 8:00 PMClosed: Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas Privacy Policy (727) 393-1947 info@HubbardsMarina.com Facebook-f Instagram Tiktok Twitter Youtube Copyright© 1928 – 2023 | Hubbard’s Marina. | All rights reserved Sign in Create an Account Username or email * Password * Login Lost your password?