Harvard University Skip to main content Harvard University Search Search Quick Links Find a Person A to Z Index Menu Academics Academics Academics Learning at Harvard can happen for every type of learner, at any phase of life. Degree programs Academics Degree programs Browse all of our undergraduate concentrations and graduate degrees. Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Other Professional and Lifelong Learning Harvard Online Harvard Schools Academics Visit each School for information on admissions and financial aid. Explore more Harvard College Harvard Business School Harvard Division of Continuing Education Harvard Divinity School Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences Harvard Kenneth C. Griffin Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Harvard Graduate School of Design Harvard Graduate School of Education Harvard John A. Paulson School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Harvard Kennedy School Harvard Law School Harvard Medical School Harvard Radcliffe Institute Harvard School of Dental Medicine Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health Campus Campus Harvard's Campus Get tickets to our next game, hours and locations for our libraries and museums, and information about your next career move. Libraries Campus Explore our libraries Arnold Arboretum Horticultural Library Baker Library and Special Collections Biblioteca Berenson Botany Libraries Cabot Science Library Countway Library Dumbarton Oaks Research Library Ernst Mayr Library Fine Arts Library Frances Loeb Library Fung Library Gutman Library Harvard Divinity School Library Harvard Film Archive Harvard Law School Library Harvard Map Collection Harvard University Archives Harvard-Yenching Library HKS Library and Knowledge Services Houghton Library Lamont Library Loeb Music Library Robbins Library of Philosophy Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America Tozzer Library Widener Library Wolbach Library Woodberry Poetry Room Museums Campus Explore our museums The Arnold Arboretum Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts Collection of Historical Scientific Instruments Graduate School of Design Exhibitions Harvard Art Museums Harvard Forest Harvard Museum of Natural History The Harvard Museum of the Ancient Near East Harvard Museums of Science and Culture Harvard University Herbaria Mineralogical and Geological Museum Museum of Comparative Zoology The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology Warren Anatomical Museum Athletics Work at Harvard Events Commencement In Focus In Focus Explore and understand the world with Harvard In Focus is a curated examination of Harvard's research, scholarly work, and community. Recent topics include: Earth Science In Focus Earth Science Harvard’s researchers are exploring Earth’s past, predicting its future, and working to understand the hidden mysteries of our home. Dig into the research What's inside? Predicting the strength of earthquakes Laying geological groundwork for life on Earth Museums In Focus Museums Once simple cabinets of curiosity, museums have grown into institutes for preserving, studying, and displaying science, history, and art. Today, as culture-defining institutions, they are working to incorporate more voices and reckon with past practices. Take a tour What's inside? Harvard Art Museums is now free for everyone Learn about the repatriation and returns efforts at Harvard's Peabody Museum Immune System In Focus Immune System From fending off the common cold to attacking cancer cells, the immune system is an incredibly complicated and crucial part of our survival. Boost what you know What's inside How to boost your immune system More seasonal sickness is likely in the years to come Explore the In Focus archives Visit Visit Visit Harvard Ideas and assistance for your trip to our campus. Tours Maps and Directions Tour Providers About About About Harvard Learn how Harvard is structured, explore our long history, and discover our extended community. History of Harvard About History of Harvard Harvard is perhaps best-known because of its enduring history of innovation in education. But even die-hard Harvard buffs are not likely to know all of these Harvard firsts and historical snippets. Learn more History timeline Nobel Laureates Honorary Degrees Harvard Shields Leadership and Governance About Learn about our Leadership President Officers and Deans Harvard Corporation Board of Overseers University Professorships Diversity and Inclusion Endowment Harvard in the Community Harvard in the World News News The Harvard Gazette Official news from Harvard University about science, medicine, art, campus life, University issues, and broader national and global concerns. Trending News Stories News Read more news Did fermented foods fuel brain growth? Study puts fermentation, not fire, as pivot point behind our ancestors’ increasing cranial capacity So what exactly makes Taylor Swift so great? Experts weigh in on pop superstar’s cultural and financial impact as her tours and albums continue to break records. Taylor Swift, the Wordsworth of our time? New English course studies pop star’s lyrics alongside classic literature Sign up for the Daily Gazette Navigation Quick Links A to Z Index Find a Person Events Media Relations Alumni Give Now Emergency Harvard University Close Harvard University The World Under Our Feet Harvard’s researchers are exploring Earth’s past, predicting its future, and working to understand the hidden mysteries of our home. The bedrock of Earth science Explore how the slow, powerful forces within the Earth continue to create and alter the places we call home. How are mountains made? Click to Play Video Tectonic plates Researchers studying when tectonic plates began to shift found that it began much earlier than previously thought, launching the creation of continents, oceans, and other landforms. Learn more about tectonic plates How do we predict earthquakes? A team of Harvard scientists created numerical models to predict an earthquake’s final magnitude 10 to 15 seconds faster than the current best algorithms. Learn more about earthquakes Learn more about earthquakes What’s in a volcanic eruption? Volcanic eruptions include lava and “smoke,” which is actually a mix of water vapor, carbon dioxide, sulfur gases, and ash. Learn more about volcanos Learn more about volcanos Are all faults dangerous? To understand which faults may be the most dangerous, researchers have developed large-scale models of the fault systems in the western United States, Japan, Turkey, and other locations across the globe. Learn more about faults Learn more about faults In real time Earth continues to shift and change, which means we must develop creative solutions for the complex problems that emerge. The melting of polar ice is shifting Earth itself As glacial ice from Greenland, Antarctica, and the Arctic Islands melts, Earth’s crust warps, an impact that can be measured thousands of miles away. Read More A 2022 volcano eruption altered the chemistry of the stratosphere, reducing ozone levels Read More Catastrophic floods are exposing the cracks in the flood insurance market Read More Experts are rethinking design and infrastructure in the wake of major earthquakes A deadly tsunami in Japan forced people to think more critically about unexpected natural disasters Read More Polish up on your rock knowledge Earth rocks! Harvard’s Mineralogical & Geological Museum contains more than 3,000 mineral, rock, gem, and meteorite specimens. Explore the online catalogue, visit the Museum of Natural History exhibit, and follow them on Instagram to discover just how beautiful rocks can be. Explore the gallery Better understanding our home Harvard experts are using everything from science to religion to gain a deeper awareness of the world around us. Correcting ocean warming information New research corrects decades of sea surface temperature data, solving a long-standing mystery about global climate change. Detecting earthquakes Researchers created an algorithm that can separate small disturbances from seismic noise. Investigating Earth’s fractures A team of researchers found that hydraulic fractures play a major role in the generation of tectonic tremors. Exploring an Earth-centric religious philosophy The philosophy centers on the idea that we are part of and utterly dependent on the living Earth. Spinning back the globe Exploring the events and changes in Earth’s past may help us understand what we can except in the future. Double dinosaur disaster Along with an asteroid impact, evidence points to volcanoes having a role in the extinction of the dinosaurs, especially the Deccan Traps eruption, which lasted a million years and produced lava formations 6,000 feet thick. Learn more about planetary scientist Mark Richards’ research Learn more about planetary scientist Mark Richards’ research Creating conditions to cultivate life Research on early tectonic plate movement and a protective magnetic field offer a glimpse of when the Earth was conducive to the development of life on the planet. Explore the work of Harvard’s Paleomagnetics Lab Explore the work of Harvard’s Paleomagnetics Lab Super storms the size of states During ancient periods of extreme heat, Earth may have experienced cycles of dryness followed by massive rainstorms hundreds of miles wide that could dump more than a foot of rain in a matter of hours. Learn more from Harvard’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Learn more from Harvard’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Terrible tremors around Tennessee The New Madrid earthquakes of 1811 and 1812 reshaped the landscape and the lives of the people who settled there. So why were they forgotten by the time of the Civil War? Learn more from the Colloquy podcast Learn more from the Colloquy podcast You may also like Related In Focus topics Climate Action Weather Oceans Security & Brand Report Copyright InfringementReport Security IssueTrademark Notice Website AccessibilityDigital AccessibilityPrivacy Statement Get In Touch Contact HarvardMaps & DirectionsJobs © 2024 The President and Fellows of Harvard College Instagram TikTok LinkedIn Facebook YouTube