Mayo Clinic Diet How It Works How It Works Sample Meal Plan Weight Loss for Diabetes Meet The Experts Frequently Asked Questions Free Diet Assessment Weight-Loss Medication Rx Medical Weight Loss Eligibility Check Rx Companion Pricing Login Join Now Get a Free Personalized Plan World-leading weight loss solutionsfrom Mayo Clinic US News & World Report ranks Mayo Clinic Diet as the #1 commercial weight loss program in ‘Best Diets Overall’ category for 2024 Get a Free Personalized Plan Real results Straight from our members Trustpilot Lose 3X more weight with a proven approach Get easily accessible online resources that have helped hundreds of thousands of people lose weight. Join now Join now Let's find the program that is right for you! Whether you're looking for a healthy weight-loss plan or considering weight-loss medication, discover which of our world-leading solutions is best for you. First name Email Mobile I am at least 18 years old, have read and agreed to the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, and consent to receive communications, including SMS and/or MMS, from the Mayo Clinic Sign up to get the latest health information from Mayo Clinic experts about research, health tips and managing your health. Find my plan This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy & Terms of Service apply. Answer some quick questions about your weight loss history Tell us a bit about what you want to achieve Take a moment to reflect on what could be getting in the way Let us know if you have any health conditions We'll suggest the best program for you Mayo Clinic Diet now supports weight-loss medications which have been proven to be 3x more effective than lifestyle change alone. Andres J. Acosta, M.D., Ph.D. Hear from Dr. Acosta Mayo Clinic Diet is featured in 10 of 11 “Best Diets” categories by U.S. News & World Report 2023 Join now What's new in 2024 Delicious meal plans + recipesChoose from 6 delicious menus, including our much-loved Simple meal plan. Plus, in 2024 we’ll be sharing new recipes every week. Exclusive weight loss toolsGet access to Mayo Clinic Diet tools such as our habit optimizer, food tracker, meal prep steps, fundamentals checklist, and two ebooks including the New York Times best selling Mayo Clinic Diet. Unlimited group coachingGet access to unlimited group coaching sessions with live Q&A. Watch out for the Mastering Weight Loss Series with Mayo Clinic subject matter experts, new in 2024! 5-star rated app + online programNew in 2024: Swap meals week to week, add new foods from grocery stores, and discover the food group servings and nutrition facts of over 1 million foods! Join now What Mayo Clinic Diet stands for The Mayo Clinic Diet is a lifelong, sustainable approach to weight loss Practical nutrition We focus on whole-food nutrition, making healthy eating straightforward with no need for calorie counting. Understanding habits We delve into the science of behavior, helping you understand and improve your eating habits for lasting change. Science-backed guidance The Mayo Clinic Diet is built on decades of medical research and evidence-based strategies for healthy weight loss. Expert-driven support Gain access to a network of experts dedicated to supporting your weight loss journey with strategies that go beyond the scale. Ready to get started? Join now Meet our inspiring members Be inspired by the 1000s of Americans achieving healthy weight loss with the Mayo Clinic Diet Getting healthy changed Donna Boerger’s life — and her career Elaine’s weight-loss journey to improved health and an active lifestyle Becky adapted to a healthy lifestyle - just in time for her wedding Katie’s weight-loss journey to a renewed and healthier lifestyle Peter lost the weight as a wedding present to his son Karen’s weight-loss journey to living her best life with family How Carol Cate got back to feeling healthy How Nick adopted healthy habits and took control of his health Helaine's high school reunion meant reuniting with better health Kirsten's decision to live a healthier lifestyle improved her well-being How weight loss transformed into rewards for Mary Lara’s journey to feeling — and looking — fabulous on her wedding day Frequently asked questions What’s included in the Mayo Clinic Diet? A best-selling diet that is medically-backed and trusted worldwide All-new digital platform that has helped members lose 3x more weight* Access to the unparalleled educational content and expertise of the Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic Diet 12 Week Course to help you learn the principles of healthy weight loss Exclusive content and videos from Mayo Clinic Doctors and Experts All-new quick start Lose It! phase, where members can lose 6 to 10 lbs in 2 weeks Tools to track progress and log your meals, exercise, measurements, and body weight All-new quick, easy, healthy, and delicious recipes All-new Habit Optimizer to swap unhealthy habits for good ones Meal plan options that include Healthy Keto, High Protein, Vegetarian and Mediterranean Holistic and whole self-focused program Calorie counting not required Food tracker with over 1m foods Enjoy unlimited fruits and vegetables At-home workouts – no equipment required Psychological quiz to assess diet mindset Unlimited access to a members' Private Facebook Group How long is the program? Our initial program is 12 weeks but Mayo Clinic Diet is built for your life. Health is a journey and we’re here every step of the way, for as long as you need us. What makes the Mayo Clinic Diet different from other online weight loss programs? With many programs, losing weight is the only point. The Mayo Clinic Diet is designed to inspire hope and promote lasting, life-long health. Built on the unparalleled expertise of the Mayo Clinic, the Mayo Clinic Diet only weight loss program that features a comprehensive, whole-health menu that is supported by the worldwide leader in healthcare. How does the program work? Please visit the How It Works page to learn more about the Mayo Clinic Diet program. Do I have to count calories? No, the Mayo Clinic Diet is about making sure you’re getting enough of the foods that are right for you. We are not focused on calorie counting. What if I’m vegan, vegetarian or keto? The Mayo Clinic Diet has extensive menus for both vegetarian and healthy keto. Back to top Mayo Clinic Diet The material on this website is provided for educational purposes only and is not to be used for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Important: Before starting any weight loss program, it is highly recommended that you consult your physician or health care provider. *Individual weight loss results may vary. Quick Links How It Works Sample Meal Plan Pricing HSA FSA Funds Ambassadors Login Quick Links How It Works Sample Meal Plan Pricing HSA FSA Funds Ambassadors Login Join Now Join Now Resources Diet Assessment Diet Score Personalized Plan Weight Loss Calculator Blog Recipe Collections Resources Diet Assessment Diet Score Personalized Plan Weight Loss Calculator Blog Recipe Collections Contact Us Visit our Help Center if you have any questions or contact us to get in touch. Help Center Help Center Our Apps Follow us: © 2024 Mayo Clinic Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Web Accessibility Press and Media Home How It Works How It Works Sample Meal Plan Weight Loss for Diabetes Meet The Experts Frequently Asked Questions Free Diet Assessment Weight-Loss Medication Rx Medical Weight Loss Eligibility Check Rx Companion Pricing Login Join Now Get a Free Personalized Plan