CBS Los Angeles - Breaking Local News, Weather & Investigations Latest U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Crime Sports Local News Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Live CBS News Streaming Baltimore Bay Area Boston Chicago Colorado Detroit Los Angeles Miami Minnesota New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento Texas Shows 48 Hours 60 Minutes America Decides CBS Evening News CBS Mornings CBS News Eye on America CBS News Mornings CBS Reports CBS Saturday Morning The Dish Face the Nation Here Comes the Sun Person to Person Prime Time Sunday Morning The Takeout The Uplift Weekender Photos Podcasts In Depth Newsletters Download Our App CBS News Team Executive Team Paramount Shop Paramount+ Join Our Talent Community RSS Feeds A Moment With... Innovators & Disruptors Watch CBS News Los Angeles Breaking Local News, Weather & Investigations twitter facebook youtube instagram News All News LA News OC News IE News U.S. CBS2 Investigations Entertainment Politics Consumer Business Health On Your Side CBS+ Weather Latest Weather Radars & Maps Sports All Sports Chargers LA Kings Rams Lakers Clippers Golf CBS Sports HQ Dodgers Angels Soccer Hockey College Sports Videos KCAL News Shows The Morning Wrap The Lot STEAM On Your Side: Veterans' Voices Inside SoCal Java with Jamie Investigation Class Act SoCal Spotlight People Making a Difference Station Info KCAL News Team Contests & Promotions Advertise Seen on TV News Tip Download the App Galleries CBS News Live CBS News Los Angeles: Local News, Weather & More Jun 10, 2019 CBS News Los Angeles CBS News Live Top Stories More Where is your Los Angeles polling place for the 2024 California primary? There are more than 600 polling centers available to Los Angeles County residents, as well as an additional 400+ drop box locations. 1H ago Who can vote in the 2024 CA primary? What to know about today's election The March 5 Presidential Primary Election is here, and many last-minute voters are wondering who is eligible to vote in the state for 2024. 10H ago What's on the ballot in Los Angeles? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election The California Primary Election is here, and it's time for voters to cast their ballots for dozens of important races. We've narrowed down the state's 110-page voter information guide and focused on some top races. updated 11M ago Are you registered to vote in CA? How to check ahead of the 2024 primary California's March 5 primary election has officially begun with polling locations throughout the state open from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. You can vote as long as you are in line by 8 p.m. Tuesday. updated 13M ago High-speed crash kills 2 in Altadena overnight A man and a woman were killed in a high-speed car crash early Tuesday in a residential area of Altadena. updated 32M ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 3H ago Can you register to vote at the polls today? Several of the 15 states holding their primaries or caucuses on Super Tuesday allow same-day voter registration. 5H ago Man shot and killed by Fontana police inside Home Depot was having mental health crisis The father of four suffered from depression and mental illness. The family claimed police had encountered him previously. 9H ago Homeless man arrested for breaking into Santa Monica woman's house Officers said the homeless man was inappropriately touching himself while he touched his victim's face. 11H ago More Latest News Featured Pages Super Tuesday Voter Guide "The Morning Wrap": CBS News LA Stream Original KCAL News Daily Guests Java with Jamie Latest Videos More Latest Videos Chargers, Snoop Dogg & Housh's flag football start-up Led by the Chargers, Snoop Dogg & former NFL wide receiver TJ Houshmandzadeh have started their own "Snoop & Housh Flag Football League" debuting this month. It's open to boys & girls, providing youngsters a unique way to develop football & life skills 24M ago 02:57 Chargers, Snoop Dogg & Housh's flag football start-up Local Paralympic champ committed to USC Paralympian Ezra Frech already has a long list of achievements at a young age. Now, he tells Darren Haynes, how he's committing to USC - the first above-the-knee amputee to commit to a D-1 track & field program for able-bodied athletes 26M ago 04:06 Former Dodgers BP pitcher takes us down memory lane Pete Bonfils threw batting practice at Dodger Stadium for 36 years. He took Chris Hayre down memory lane inside his own Dodgers memorabilia room, telling stories spanning decades of Dodgers history 29M ago 03:31 Man and woman killed in crash in Altadena Authorities are investigating a high-speed crash that killed a man and a woman early Tuesday morning. KCAL News reporter Bianca Rae has the latest. 2H ago 01:28 Amber Lee's Morning Weather (March 5) Mild and dry day ahead before a storm system moves in on Wednesday. Temperatures will be in the 60s for most areas. 2H ago 02:38 More in Latest Videos Sports Central Dodgers acquire Andre Lipcius from Tigers and place Clayton Kershaw on 60-day injured list The Los Angeles Dodgers have acquired infielder Andre Lipcius from the Detroit Tigers for cash. 21H ago Canucks snap losing streak with 2-1 victory over Ducks Conor Garland scored the go-ahead goal in the second period and the Vancouver Canucks got back on track with a 2-1 victory over the Anaheim Ducks. Mar 3 Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 3 Phillip Danault gets hat trick to help Kings thump Daws, Devils with 5-1 win Phillip Danault had a hat trick, Kevin Fiala had a goal and two assists, and the Los Angeles Kings defeated the New Jersey Devils 5-1 on Sunday. Mar 3 Kawhi Leonard scores 32 points, Clippers edge Timberwolves 89-88 Kawhi Leonard had 32 points and the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 89-88 on Sunday in a physical and defensive game between two of the top four teams in the Western Conference. Mar 3 Caitlin Clark becomes all-time NCAA Division I scoring leader Pete Maravich registered 3,667 points with the Tigers from 1967-1970 while averaging an astounding 44.2 points per game. Mar 3 LeBron reaches 40,000 points, but Jokic, Nuggets use finishing kick to beat Lakers 124-114 LeBron James reached 40,000 points, but Nikola Jokic had 35 and 10 rebounds as the Denver Nuggets made a late push to defeat the Los Angeles Lakers 124-114 on Saturday night. Mar 2 Andrés Gómez has 2 goals, assist as Real Salt Lake blanks LAFC 3-0 in near blizzard Andrés Gómez had two goals in the first half and added an assist to give Real Salt Lake a 3-0 home-opening win over LAFC in a game played in a near blizzard. Mar 3 Paintsil, Joveljic each have goal, assist to lead Galaxy over Earthquakes 3-1 Joseph Paintsil and Dejan Joveljic each had a goal and an assist to lead the Los Angeles Galaxy to a 3-1 victory over the San Jose Earthquakes. Mar 2 Investigations Investigation uncovers high measles risks at 350 Southern California schools The CDC recommends that at least 95% of students have the MMR vaccine in order to lower the risk of measles outbreaks at their school, but a recent KCAL News investigation shows that hundreds of SoCal schools are well below that number. Jan 30 How community groups helped hundreds of migrants bussed in from Texas For months, migrants have arrived in Los Angeles on controversial buses chartered from Texas. With a lack of coordination from the Lone Star state, community groups stepped in to help bring things under control and helped hundreds across Southern California. Jan 9 How Los Angeles police are fighting back against organized retail theft KCAL senior reporter Ross Palombo gets an unprecedented look into the tactics the LAPD uses to stop retail theft. Dec 18, 2023 Federal Judge orders school district in Riverside County to change policing policies following shocking arrest of disabled student A federal court ruling involving a controversial arrest within Moreno Valley Unified School District could lead to big changes in school policies nationwide. Dec 1, 2023 NEXT Weather NEXT Weather Amber Lee's Morning Weather (March 5) Mild and dry day ahead before a storm system moves in on Wednesday. Temperatures will be in the 60s for most areas. 2H ago 02:38 Current Conditions More Weather CBS2 TV Schedule View All Programs KCAL9 TV Schedule View All Programs Latest Galleries The Genesis Invitational 2024 Shots from the PGA's Genesis Invitational golf tournament held at the Riviera Golf Club in the Pacific Palisades. Feb 16 48 photos More KCAL Newsletter Top Stories More Top Stories Where is your Los Angeles polling place for the 2024 California primary? There are more than 600 polling centers available to Los Angeles County residents, as well as an additional 400+ drop box locations. 1H ago Who can vote in the 2024 CA primary? What to know about today's election The March 5 Presidential Primary Election is here, and many last-minute voters are wondering who is eligible to vote in the state for 2024. 10H ago Are you registered to vote in CA? How to check ahead of the 2024 primary California's March 5 primary election has officially begun with polling locations throughout the state open from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. You can vote as long as you are in line by 8 p.m. Tuesday. updated 13M ago What's on the ballot in Los Angeles? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election The California Primary Election is here, and it's time for voters to cast their ballots for dozens of important races. We've narrowed down the state's 110-page voter information guide and focused on some top races. updated 11M ago High-speed crash kills 2 in Altadena overnight A man and a woman were killed in a high-speed car crash early Tuesday in a residential area of Altadena. updated 32M ago More Latest News Los Angeles News More Los Angeles News Where is your Los Angeles polling place for the 2024 California primary? There are more than 600 polling centers available to Los Angeles County residents, as well as an additional 400+ drop box locations. 1H ago Who can vote in the 2024 CA primary? What to know about today's election The March 5 Presidential Primary Election is here, and many last-minute voters are wondering who is eligible to vote in the state for 2024. 10H ago What's on the ballot in Los Angeles? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election The California Primary Election is here, and it's time for voters to cast their ballots for dozens of important races. We've narrowed down the state's 110-page voter information guide and focused on some top races. updated 11M ago Are you registered to vote in CA? How to check ahead of the 2024 primary California's March 5 primary election has officially begun with polling locations throughout the state open from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. You can vote as long as you are in line by 8 p.m. Tuesday. updated 13M ago High-speed crash kills 2 in Altadena overnight A man and a woman were killed in a high-speed car crash early Tuesday in a residential area of Altadena. updated 32M ago More Los Angeles News Orange County News More Orange County News Thief straps ATM to pickup truck, rips it through barbershop storefront A nearby security camera captured the loud and chaotic theft in the city of Orange. 13H ago 20-year-old gang member arrested for shooting 3-year-old in Santa Ana Santa police said Angel Castillo shot the little girl in the back while she sat in a car with her mom and older sister. 11H ago Investigation ongoing after Newport Beach home hit by burglars Two suspects shattered the sliding glass door of the home to gain access, rummaging through the home before running on foot on Feb. 28, according to Newport Beach police. 23H ago 1 dead after alleged drunk driver crashes in Seal Beach The crash happened at around 2:15 a.m. on Seal Beach Boulevard near the southbound part of the freeway, according to California Highway Patrol. 12H ago Juvenile arrested for shooting at Anaheim police officers The suspect fired several shots at officers early Sunday morning, but did not strike any. He was located in Mission Viejo hours after the shooting and taken into custody. Mar 3 More Orange County News Inland Empire News More Inland Empire News Man shot and killed by Fontana police inside Home Depot was having mental health crisis The father of four suffered from depression and mental illness. The family claimed police had encountered him previously. 9H ago Security bolstered after online threat made against Riverside Poly High School School leaders have bolstered security at Riverside Polytechnic High School after a series of fights on campus led to an online threat over the weekend. 22H ago 3 juveniles arrested for vandalism, burglary at Riverside elementary school The suspects, two 13-year-olds and one 12-year-old, ransacked five classrooms and the administrative office of Taft Elementary School on Feb. 16, leaving behind damage that is estimated to be in the tens of thousands of dollars, according to police. Mar 3 Nurse accused of sexually assaulting patient at Kaiser Permanente Hospital Police arrested a nurse for sexually assaulting a patient at the Kaiser Permanente Hospital in Riverside. Mar 1 Teens destroy multiple classrooms at Riverside elementary school Riverside investigators arrested two teens and a 12-year-old for destroying several rooms and stealing supplies from an elementary school. Mar 1 More Inland Empire News KCAL News Investigations More KCAL News Investigations Investigation uncovers high measles risks at 350 Southern California schools The CDC recommends that at least 95% of students have the MMR vaccine in order to lower the risk of measles outbreaks at their school, but a recent KCAL News investigation shows that hundreds of SoCal schools are well below that number. Jan 30 How community groups helped hundreds of migrants bussed in from Texas For months, migrants have arrived in Los Angeles on controversial buses chartered from Texas. With a lack of coordination from the Lone Star state, community groups stepped in to help bring things under control and helped hundreds across Southern California. Jan 9 How Los Angeles police are fighting back against organized retail theft KCAL senior reporter Ross Palombo gets an unprecedented look into the tactics the LAPD uses to stop retail theft. Dec 18, 2023 Federal Judge orders school district in Riverside County to change policing policies following shocking arrest of disabled student A federal court ruling involving a controversial arrest within Moreno Valley Unified School District could lead to big changes in school policies nationwide. Dec 1, 2023 Did a 2018 memo outlining potential freeway fire hazards get ignored? Caltrans engineers warned the department about the possibility of fires raging under freeways if flammable materials were allowed to be stored there. However, it appears these guidelines may have been ignored. Nov 14, 2023 More KCAL NEWS Investigations National News More National News Facebook, Instagram users report widespread outages Facebook and Instagram users are reporting they were booted out of the social media platforms and are unable to log back in. 19M ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 3H ago Can you register to vote at the polls today? Several of the 15 states holding their primaries or caucuses on Super Tuesday allow same-day voter registration. 5H ago What time do Super Tuesday polls open and close? Key voting hours for today Voters in 15 states head to the polls on Super Tuesday to make their pick for the 2024 Republican and Democratic presidential nominees. Here is what time polling places open and close. updated 9M ago JetBlue drops $3.8 billion deal to buy Spirit Airlines JetBlue abandoned its proposed acquisition of Spirit only weeks after a federal judge ruled the deal would harm competition. 18H ago More National News Politics More Politics Where is your Los Angeles polling place for the 2024 California primary? There are more than 600 polling centers available to Los Angeles County residents, as well as an additional 400+ drop box locations. 1H ago Are you registered to vote in CA? How to check ahead of the 2024 primary California's March 5 primary election has officially begun with polling locations throughout the state open from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time. You can vote as long as you are in line by 8 p.m. Tuesday. updated 13M ago What's on the ballot in Los Angeles? Your voting guide for the 2024 primary election The California Primary Election is here, and it's time for voters to cast their ballots for dozens of important races. We've narrowed down the state's 110-page voter information guide and focused on some top races. updated 11M ago California's Senate primary is today. Meet the candidates vying for Feinstein's seat. The top two candidates of any party will emerge out of the crowded California primary race for a U.S. Senate seat. 3H ago Can you register to vote at the polls today? Several of the 15 states holding their primaries or caucuses on Super Tuesday allow same-day voter registration. 5H ago More Political News Consumer News More Consumer News Tipping etiquette: Your questions answered When, who and how much to tip is becoming more of a question in consumers' minds. Dec 7, 2023 On Your Side: College students and credit-card debt One in four college students says they have credit card debt, according to a new survey by U.S. News and World Report. And with interest rates topping 20 percent, those students could be in debt for years. On Your Side's Kristine Lazar has more on the biggest mistakes college students are making with their credit cards. Sep 11, 2023 On Your Side: Who needs a will, and how do you create one? Fewer than a third of Americans have a will. Experts say that could lead to confusion and money loss when someone dies without one. On Your Side's Kristine Lazar has expert tips on who needs a will and how to create one. Aug 28, 2023 The best Mega Millions strategies, according to a Harvard statistician Choosing random numbers increases your chances of not having to split the prize money should you win. Aug 8, 2023 Bank offers seniors advance on Social Security payments A new online bank is catering to seniors and advertising an advance on monthly Social Security payments, without any extra fees or charges. Kristine Lazar takes a look. Jul 31, 2023 More Consumer News Health News More Health News First over-the-counter birth control pill coming to U.S. stores OTC daily birth control pills will be available online and on pharmacy and store shelves nationwide later this month. Mar 4 CDC shortens 5-day COVID isolation, updates guidance on masks, testing The new recommendations apply to COVID-19 and other viruses, like flu and RSV. 19H ago Cheese and dairy products recalled after deadly listeria outbreak Disease investigators have identified the source of a decade-old listeria outbreak that killed two people and sickened others in 11 states. Feb 8 FDA says 561 deaths tied to recalled Philips sleep apnea machines Update from the Food and Drug Agency comes days after Philips said it would stop selling the devices in the U.S. Feb 4 King Charles III admitted to hospital for enlarged prostate treatment "His Majesty's condition is benign and he will attend hospital next week for a corrective procedure" for an enlarged prostate, Buckingham Palace said of King Charles III. Jan 26 More Health News Business News More Business News SoCal Edison to pay $80M to settle claims its equipment sparked devastating Thomas Fire in 2017 Southern California Edison will pay $80 million to settle claims on behalf of the U.S. Forest Service connected to a massive wildfire that destroyed more than a thousand homes and other structures in 2017. Feb 26 Trump hawks $399 sneakers a day after a $355 million ruling against him As he closes in on the Republican presidential nomination, former President Donald Trump made a highly unusual stop. Feb 17 Street vendors no longer banned from popular tourist spots in Los Angeles Street vendors will no longer be restricted from working outside of some of Los Angeles' most popular tourist venues including Dodger Stadium, the Hollywood Bowl and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Feb 6 Avian flu outbreak devastating California's egg farms A year after the bird flu led to record egg prices and widespread shortages, the disease known as highly pathogenic avian influenza is wreaking havoc on California poultry farms. Jan 27 Citing crime, In-N-Out announces closure of Oakland restaurant In-N-Out said Sunday it will close its only Oakland restaurant in March over crime and safety concerns for its customers and employees. Jan 23 More Business News Sports News More Sports News Dodgers acquire Andre Lipcius from Tigers and place Clayton Kershaw on 60-day injured list The Los Angeles Dodgers have acquired infielder Andre Lipcius from the Detroit Tigers for cash. 21H ago Canucks snap losing streak with 2-1 victory over Ducks Conor Garland scored the go-ahead goal in the second period and the Vancouver Canucks got back on track with a 2-1 victory over the Anaheim Ducks. Mar 3 Chris Mortensen, NFL reporter for ESPN, dies at age 72 Chris Mortensen, the award-winning journalist who covered the NFL for close to four decades, including 32 as a senior analyst at ESPN, died Sunday morning, ESPN confirmed. Mar 3 Phillip Danault gets hat trick to help Kings thump Daws, Devils with 5-1 win Phillip Danault had a hat trick, Kevin Fiala had a goal and two assists, and the Los Angeles Kings defeated the New Jersey Devils 5-1 on Sunday. Mar 3 Kawhi Leonard scores 32 points, Clippers edge Timberwolves 89-88 Kawhi Leonard had 32 points and the Los Angeles Clippers beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 89-88 on Sunday in a physical and defensive game between two of the top four teams in the Western Conference. Mar 3 More Sports News Entertainment News More Entertainment News Iris Apfel, fashion icon known for her eye-catching style, dies at 102 Iris Apfel, a textile expert, interior designer and fashion celebrity known for her eccentric style, has died. Mar 1 Carrie Preston starring in series premiere of 'Elsbeth' on Feb. 29 'Elsbeth' is based on the character featured in 'The Good Wife' and 'The Good Fight'. Feb 29 Angry parents call cops over disappointing Willy Wonka "immersive experience" One dad said his 4-year-old had been telling all her teachers about how she was going to meet Willy Wonka. "It didn't really pan out like that," he said. Feb 29 Oprah Winfrey says she's stepping down from Weight Watchers Oprah Winfrey said that she's stepping back from her board seat at WeightWatchers after nine years, and will donate her WW stock. Mar 1 Richard Lewis, comedian and "Curb Your Enthusiasm" star, dies at 76 Richard Lewis, the actor and comedian known for his long-running stand-up career and recurring role in the hit HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm," is dead at 76. Feb 29 More Entertainment News Latest Videos More Latest Videos Latest Videos Chargers, Snoop Dogg & Housh's flag football start-up Led by the Chargers, Snoop Dogg & former NFL wide receiver TJ Houshmandzadeh have started their own "Snoop & Housh Flag Football League" debuting this month. It's open to boys & girls, providing youngsters a unique way to develop football & life skills 24M ago 02:57 Local Paralympic champ committed to USC Paralympian Ezra Frech already has a long list of achievements at a young age. Now, he tells Darren Haynes, how he's committing to USC - the first above-the-knee amputee to commit to a D-1 track & field program for able-bodied athletes 26M ago 04:06 Former Dodgers BP pitcher takes us down memory lane Pete Bonfils threw batting practice at Dodger Stadium for 36 years. He took Chris Hayre down memory lane inside his own Dodgers memorabilia room, telling stories spanning decades of Dodgers history 29M ago 03:31 Man and woman killed in crash in Altadena Authorities are investigating a high-speed crash that killed a man and a woman early Tuesday morning. KCAL News reporter Bianca Rae has the latest. 2H ago 01:28 Amber Lee's Morning Weather (March 5) Mild and dry day ahead before a storm system moves in on Wednesday. Temperatures will be in the 60s for most areas. 2H ago 02:38 More in Latest Videos Latest Galleries More Latest Galleries The Genesis Invitational 2024 Shots from the PGA's Genesis Invitational golf tournament held at the Riviera Golf Club in the Pacific Palisades. Feb 16 48 photos 66th GRAMMY Awards - Arrivals Even a potentially historic storm bearing down on California couldn't keep the stars away from the red carpet ahead of the 66th Grammy Awards in Los Angeles. Feb 4 66 photos 2024 Golden Globes: Red Carpet Fashion Who are your favorite celebrities wearing for the 2024 Golden Globe Awards? Check out our red carpet fashion photo gallery! Jan 7 181 photos Golden Globe Foundation Dinner 2024 Even though the Golden Globes Award Show isn't until Sunday, the stars came out early for the Golden Globe Foundation Dinner, hosted in the Wilshire Garden Room of the Beverly Hilton Hotel. Jan 6 14 photos Roads closed for the Hollywood Christmas Parade Here are the roads closed for the Hollywood Christmas Parade Nov 25, 2023 1 photos More in Latest Galleries Weather Latest Weather Forecast Download the CBS Los Angeles Weather app! Los Angeles Weather Radar National Weather Temperatures National Flight Delays CBS News Los Angeles Contact Us Advertise with KCAL News Stream CBS News Los Angeles Seen On TV Contests & Promotions ©2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Notice Do Not Sell My Personal Information CBS 2 Contests & Promotions Program Guide Sitemap About Us Advertise Paramount+ CBS Television Jobs Public File for KCBS-TV Public File for KCAL-TV Public Inspection File Help FCC Applications EEO Report facebook twitter instagram youtube View CBS News In CBS News App Open Chrome Safari Continue Be the first to know Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting. Not Now Turn On