World Nomads - Explore Your Boundaries EN Contact us Search Member Hi World Nomads Insurance What's Covered? What to do if... Why Buy? Activities Destinations True Claims Make a Claim Get a quote Simple & flexible travel insurance Get a Price Safety Destinations Alerts How to stay safe when you travel Learn more Explore Destinations Guides Podcasts Discover your next adventure Learn more Stories Discovery Connection Transformation Fear Love Story Roulette Inspiring travel stories Learn more Create Learn Scholarships Assignments Travel scholarships & storytelling tips Learn more Responsible Travel Traveler’s Manifesto Make a Difference Footprints micro-donations Want to be a responsible traveler? Learn more Help Center Travel Insurance My account Travel scholarships Help change lives Work with us I need help Contact Us Menu World Nomads Close Menu Insurance What's Covered? What to do if... Why Buy? Activities Destinations True Claims Make a Claim Get a quote Safety Destinations Alerts Explore Destinations Guides Podcasts Stories Discovery Connection Transformation Fear Love Story Roulette Create Learn Scholarships Assignments Responsible Travel Traveler’s Manifesto Make a Difference Footprints micro-donations Help Center Travel Insurance My account Travel scholarships Help change lives Work with us Member Email address Please enter an Email address Please enter a valid Email address Password Please enter a Password Sign in Forgotten password? The Email address or Password is incorrect Bought as a guest? Create an account Hi Member dashboard My policies My claims Account settings Sign out EN Contact us World Nomads Close Change country of residence By telling us your country of residence we are able to provide you with the most relevant travel insurance information. Please note that not all content is translated or available to residents of all countries. Contact us for full details. Global Australia Brasil (Português) Canada Japan New Zealand Portugal United Kingdom United States Andorra Antarctica Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan The Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brasil (Português) Brazil (English) British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Estonia Falkland Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Greenland Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Kazakhstan Kenya Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malaysia Maldives Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saba Samoa San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Sint Eustatius Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Trinidad & Tobago Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Global Photo © Nox Photography/Stocksy World Nomads Explore your boundaries Inspiration, opportunities and travel insurance to help you fuel your curiosity, find your journey and travel bravely. Trusted by: Trusted by: We are World Nomads Like you, travel is in our blood and exploring is our way of life. Our mission is to help you get the most out of your adventures and support you when things go wrong. Travel insurance Simple and flexible travel insurance designed by travelers for travelers. Travel better Stay safe and informed, before, during and after your trip with our expert advice and flexible travel insurance. Travel insurance Buy cover for your adventure at home or while traveling. Insurance essentials Concerned about Coronavirus? What is covered? Insurance FAQs Claim online Travel safely Get timely safety tips, insights and alerts from our experts. Know before you go Thailand Nightlife: 6 Expert Travel Tips for Staying Safe Safety Tips for Travelers to the Pacific Coast of Mexico Ocean Safety in Australia: What Travelers Need To Know Travel responsibly Find out how you can have a positive impact on your next adventure. Travel for good Responsible traveler's manifesto Support a community development project Learn how you can be a better traveler Make a difference Give back to the places that you travel to. Make a micro-donation when you buy with us to help change lives. 85% of our travelers give back when they travel. Make a difference to those communities in need in a simple, easy and transparent way when you travel. How it works So far: - Raised to change lives - Travelers donated - Community development projects funded How it works Seek experiences Our community of locals and travelers share their advice and adventures to help you find inspiration and research your next destination. Explore your world Start planning your next trip with experiences, tips and travel guides from other nomads. Discover destinations and activities The Kilimanjaro Climb: What to Know and How to Prepare South Korean Food Myths 5 Things to Know Before Visiting Morocco Travel stories Feed your curiosity with first-hand accounts of discovery, connection and transformation. Read the latest stories from the road The Hardest Thing I Have Ever Done In Full Bloom Pride and Prejudice Browse by destination Listen to our podcast Download a free guide Learn new skills Improve your creative skills, learn how to capture meaningful travel stories and go on global storytelling assignments. Become a better storyteller Take your passion for travel writing, photography or filmmaking to the next level. Get pro tips, techniques and advice How You Can Help the Planet Through Travel Writing Tips for Successfully Pitching Your Travel Documentary 5 Tips for Researching a Travel Writing Destination Creative scholarships for travelers Go on the learning experience of a lifetime and be mentored by pro writers, photographers and filmmakers. Apply for a fully-funded field assignment Travel photography scholarship Travel film scholarship Travel writing scholarship Couldn't find what you're looking for? Do you want to... Get cover for my next trip Plan a trip to... Be inspired Improve my travel storytelling skills Become a contributor Read our travel manifesto Make a living from my passion Find out how to stay safe Find out what current projects we support Before your trip, check to see if there are current travel alerts for your destination – you can also check travel advice and restrictions for your destination(s) as these may impact cover, or your ability to travel. Gaza−Israel conflict: For travellers in, or planning on travelling to, Israel or the Palestinian Territories, please see our travel alert with more information. By providing your country of residence, we can display information relevant to you Your country of residence is the country where you: Are a citizen or a legal resident Have access to long term medical care through a national health insurance scheme and/or private health insurance (not including reciprocal health agreements) Will be repatriated to for ongoing medical care if you’re unable to continue your trip Have unrestricted, unconditional right of entry Have a residential address Search for your country of residence: Set residence Not ready to provide your country of residence? View general information Please select your country of residence In association with: In association with: World Nomads Travel insurance Get a quote Travel alerts Footprints donations Responsible travel Travel guides Creative scholarships Storytelling tips Travel podcasts About us Who we are Meet the team Travel Manifesto Media Center Partner Program Job openings Be a contributor Site map Terms of use Privacy Need help? Help & emergencies Make a claim Help center Contact us Modern Slavery Statement Already a member? Sign In Follow us on Travel insurance doesn't cover everything. All of the information we provide is a brief summary. It does not include all terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions and termination provisions of the plans described. Coverage may not be the same or available for residents of all countries, states or provinces. Please carefully read your policy wording for a full description of coverage. WorldNomads.com Pty Limited (ABN 62 127 485 198 AR 343027, NZBN 9429050505364) at Governor Macquarie Tower, Level 18, 1 Farrer Place, Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia is an Authorised Representative of nib Travel Services (Australia) Pty Ltd (ABN 81 115 932 173 AFSL 308461, NZBN 9429050505340), and is underwritten in Australia and New Zealand by Pacific International Insurance Pty Ltd, ABN 83 169 311 193, NZBN 9429041356500. nib Travel Services Europe Limited trading as nib Travel Services and World Nomads is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. nib Travel Services Europe Limited (CN 601851), at City Quarter, Lapps Quay, Cork, Ireland, operates in Europe. nib Travel Services Europe (UK Branch) is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. nib Travel Services Europe (UK Branch), Co/Est. No: FC039523/BR024629, registered at Birchin Court, 20 Birchin Lane, London EC3V 9DU, United Kingdom, operates in the UK and in the UK is underwritten by Inter Partner Assistance S.A. UK Branch; in Europe nib Travel Services Europe Limited is underwritten by Inter Partner Assistance S.A. Inter Partner Assistance S.A. is authorised and regulated by the National Bank of Belgium, with a registered head office at Boulevard du Régent 7, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (firm reference number 202664). Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Inter Partner Assistance S.A. UK Branch office address is 106-118 Station Road, Redhill, RH1 1PR. Inter Partner Assistance S.A. is part of the AXA Group. WorldNomads.com Pty Limited markets and promotes travel insurance products of nib Travel Services Limited (License No.1446874), at PO Box 1051, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. World Nomads Inc.(1585422), at 2201 Broadway, Suite 300, Oakland, CA 94612, USA, plans are administered by Trip Mate, a Generali Global Assistance & Insurance Services brand, at P.O. Box 527, Hazelwood, MO 63042, USA, with 24-hour and Assistance Services provided by Generali Global Assistance and plans underwritten by Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company and affiliated companies, Columbus, OH. World Nomads (Canada) Ltd (BC: 0700178; Business No: 001 85379 7942 RC0001) is a licensed agent sponsored by AIG Insurance Company of Canada at 120 Bremner Boulevard, Suite 2200, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada. World Experiences Seguros De Viagem Brasil Ltda (CNPJ: 21.346.969/0001-99) at Rua Padre João Manuel, 755, 16º andar, São Paulo – SP, Brazil is an Authorized Partner (Representante) of Chubb Seguros Brasil S.A. (CNPJ: 03.502.099/0001-18) at Av. Nações Unidas, nº 8.501, 27º andar -, Edifício Eldorado Business Tower, Pinheiros through the SUSEP Process 15414.900439/2015-34. All World Nomads entities listed above, including nib Travel Services Europe Limited, nib Travel Services Limited and nib Travel Services (Australia) Pty Ltd, are subsidiaries of nib holdings limited (ABN 51 125 633 856).