The cookie banner that supports your marketing goals - Cookie Information Skip to content Products Consent Management Platform Cookie Banner for Website Collect and manage user consents with a transparent cookie banner Consent Banner for Mobile App Collect and manage user consents with a consent banner for mobile apps Discover more products Analytics Understand the full customer journey with complete and accurate data Data Discovery Identify and act on data privacy risks across your organization Data Subject Request Organize and automate your data subject requests Whistleblowing Manage cases and enable anonymous disclosure for staff members Website Consent Solution Consent Banner for Mobile App Data Discovery Data Subject Request Pricing Partners Resources Blog Latest news, tips and guides to privacy and compliance Regulations Everything you need to know about data privacy Compliance Check Check if your websites are compliant Support Center Find answers to all your questions about our products Pop-up Showcase See how our cookie banner looks on your site Webinars Join one of our many webinars on privacy and compliance Customer Stories Learn how others use our solutions Blog Webinars Customer StoriesMaking informed decisions is key when growing a business. Earn revenue by using your design, development or marketing skills to help your clients collect the data needed to make these decisions. Support Center Pop-up Showcase Company About us Working to ensure your compliance Newsroom Find our latest news, press releases, reports, and media kit Contact us Get in touch with Cookie Information Career Join the team English Danish Swedish Norwegian Finnish German French Spanish English Dansk Svenska Norsk Suomi Deutsch Français Español Login Contact Sales Free Trial Limited offer for new customers: Sign up before March 15 and get Consent Mode v2 + 50% off your subscription! Limited offer for new customers: Get Consent Mode v2 + 50% off your subscription! Google-Certified CMP for Consent Mode V2 The #1 Consent Management Platform for marketers Marketing data is essential for your business. But so is compliance. Cookie Information’s CMP makes it easy to collect valid user consent on your website. Enable your data collection while ensuring compliance with privacy laws. Get a free 30-day trial Or test your website’s cookie compliance → Join more than 5,000 organizations that successfully balance user privacy with marketing insights Consent Management Platform Collect valid consents and build trust with your customers Cookie Banner for Websites Inform your visitors of cookies and your data collection practices with a compliant cookie banner and an always-up-to-date cookie policy for your website. Choose from verified banner templates and customize to fit your brand Enables your compliance with international privacy laws like the GDPR and CCPA Plugins for the most popular CMS’ and hosting providers like WordPress, SiteCore, one.com and Wix Seamless integration with Google Consent Mode v2 to improve your marketing reporting, attribution, and bidding strategies Get a free 30-day trial Consent Banner for Mobile Apps Give your app users transparency and control over what data is collected about them – for SDKs, newsletters, age restrictions, terms of service and much more. Customizable consent pop-up to fit your app’s brand design and language Enables your compliance with international privacy laws like the GDPR and CCPA Works on iOS and Android and stores user consents on secure servers Seamless integration with Google Consent Mode v2 to improve your marketing reporting, attribution, and bidding strategies Contact Sales Aligned with the priorities of all relevant team members Legal Monitors compliance and data transfers Stores consent logs on EU-servers Notifies you of compliance risks Marketing Monitor and optimize consent rates Compatible with all your marketing tools Native integrations with Consent Mode v2 and Piwik PRO IT Simple implementation Reliable and low-maintenance solution Compatible with your existing tech stack Do more with the data you collect Analyze, connect and activate your data with solutions for the entire data lifecycle Consent-based data collection with the CMP Get a complete view of the customer journey with the Analytics Platform Provide personalized customer experiences and effective marketing with Customer Data Activation Collect and analyze your data with Analytics Request and store user consents with the Consent Management Platform Segment and activate your data with the Customer Data Platform Analytics Understand the full customer journey with complete and accurate data Improve data quality and make informed business decisions based on the data you collect. No data sampling by default makes your measurements accurate and reliable. Data anonymization helps you reduce blind spots when users opt out of data processing. Get the valuable insights you need in order to optimize your content and marketing campaigns, improve user flow on your website, and spend your budget effectively. Integrated Tag Manager that lets you control all the details of data collection Raw data exporting to power your marketing and data visualization tools Integrate with your existing marketing stack (tools, CMS, and more) Explore Analytics → Customer Data Platform Segment data into audiences and run effective campaigns across channels Deliver personalized experiences to the right audience, at the right time. Connect first-party data from all your online and offline resources. Create single-customer profiles and segment them into custom audiences. Integrate and activate audiences to deliver personalized ads, campaigns, and more. Full integration with Analytics and Tag Manager Real-time data activation Full control of personal data storage and processing Explore the Customer Data Platform → Hear what our customers say about us Fast, easy, and great supportThe self-help section is excellent. Since my company is small and we don't have the resources to outsource, the do-it-yourself approach was what I had to do. The guides were super easy and I could set everything up nicely. Customer service quickly answers and checks if you have done a good job. - Leva S.Very professional setup, easy to organize, and great customer serviceTheir platform makes it easy to organize our cookie banner and cookie settings for our website and if service is needed, Cookie Information will help us out immediately - Jakob S.Very useful and easy to work withCookie Information is quite easy to set up and gets you running with a very easy learning curve. We implemented it on 10 webshops without any major issues. Gets you compliant without using major efforts to research various designs. - Sebastian V. Making cookies easy for all of usWith Cookie Information, I feel like we've got a trustworthy guide on our side. It’s nice knowing they have our back, helping ensure our brand and website are in safe hands. I've always found tech stuff a bit challenging, but I was surprised at how smoothly things went with Cookie Information. - Sandra A. Previous slide Next slide Respect user privacy without compromising your marketing goals.Compliant data collection starts with a CMP. Get a free 30-day trial Købmagergade 191150 Copenhagen, DenmarkVAT: DK-38758292 RESOURCES Compliance Check Pop-up Showcase Webinars Blog Customer Stories Support Center Regulations PRODUCTS Cookie Banner for Websites Mobile App Consent Analytics Data Discovery Data Subject Request Whistleblowing COMPANY Contact Us Personal Data for Recruitment Terms and Conditions Cookie & Privacy Policy Partner Program Terms Security Policy Newsroom COMPARE Cookie Information vs. Cookiebot Cookie Information vs. CookiePro Cookie Information vs. CookieYes PRODUCTS Cookie Banner for Websites Mobile App Consent Analytics Data Discovery Data Subject Request Whistleblowing RESOURCES Blog Webinars Compliance Check Customer Stories Support Center Pop-up Showcase Regulations COMPARE Cookie Information vs. Cookiebot Cookie Information vs. CookiePro Cookie Information vs. CookieYes COMPANY Contact us Personal Data for Recruitment Terms and Conditions Cookie & Privacy Policy Partner Program Terms Security Policy Newsroom Købmagergade 19, 1150 Copenhagen K, Denmark VAT: DK-38758292