Toronto District School Board Skip to main content Go to... Find Your School| New to Canada| Policies| Media About Us| Staff| Employment| Leadership| Contact Us Translate Go to... × Find Your School About Us Leadership Employment New to Canada Policies Media Contact Us Staff Google Translate Limitations Disclaimer × The electronic translation service on the Toronto District School Board website is hosted by Google Translate, a third party service. The TDSB does not guarantee or warrant the reliability, accuracy or completeness of any translated information. The quality of the translation will vary in some of the languages offered by Google. Google Translate is a free service and currently offers translation in over 100 languages, but does not capture all languages or dialects. The basic translation goal is to capture the general intention of the original English material. Before you act on translated information, we encourage you to confirm any facts that are important to you or may affect any decisions you make. The Toronto District School Board is committed to equity and community engagement, and by providing this tool, we are making our information more accessible to families whose first language is not English. Home Early Years Elementary School High School Adult Learners Parents & Caregivers Community View Board Meeting Schedule MAR 06 WEDBoard Meeting MAR 19 TUEFinance, Budget and Enrolment Committee (Special Meeting) MAR 20 WEDGovernance and Policy Committee MAR 21 THUPlanning and Priorities (Special Meeting) Mental Health and Well-Being Equity, Anti-Racism and Anti-Oppression Human Rights Special Education and Inclusion Multi-Year Strategic Plan Get Your Transcript Continuing Education International Students Integrity Counts: Report Suspected Wrongdoing Heritage Months March is... Greek Heritage Month Latest News Latest News Featured Black History Month Bus Tour at Africentric Alternative School Monday March 04, 2024 On February 23, Africentric Alternative School students, staff and families took part in a special presentation and bus... Featured Greek Heritage Month at the TDSB – March 2024 Thursday February 29, 2024 The Toronto District School Board (TDSB) is proud to recognize Greek Heritage Month during the month of March. It has... Featured Know Your Worth Scholarship Now Open to TDSB Students! Wednesday February 28, 2024 The African Heritage Month Volunteer Planning Committee is pleased to announce that students of African Heritage... Latin-America History Month: Poster Showcase April 2024 Monday March 04, 2024 The month of April is recognized as Latin–America History Month at the Toronto District School Board. An... Toronto Educational Opportunity Fund (TEOF) Empowers TDSB Nutrition Programs Friday February 23, 2024 The Toronto Educational Opportunity Fund (TEOF) continues its commitment to enhancing nutrition programs within the... Island PS Student Names PortsToronto’s Newest Vessel Tuesday February 20, 2024 The young minds of Grade 4 students at Island Public School embarked on a journey of creativity to propose names for... More from Latest News Advocacy Letters Advocacy Letters TDSB/TCDSB/Toronto Youth Cabinet Advocate for a Youth-Friendly City Budget Thursday January 25, 2024 To: Her Worship Olivia Chow, Mayor of Toronto, and Toronto City Council, The 2024 Toronto budget presents a pivotal... Support for the Ontario Human Rights Commission’s Request for a Provincial Anti-Hate Strategy Friday December 01, 2023 November 30, 2023 The Honourable Michael D. Ford Minister of Citizenship and Multiculturalism of Ontario Dear... More from Advocacy Letters More Board and Trustee Governance News Toronto District School Board Home Early Years Elementary School High School Adult Learners Special Education Indigenous Education Community TDSB Virtual Library Trustees Director of Education Newcomers International Students Doing Business with the TDSB Calendar Transcripts International Languages Accommodation Reviews Media Contact Us Our Mission To enable all students to reach high levels of achievement and well-being and to acquire the knowledge, skills and values they need to become responsible, contributing members of a democratic and sustainable society. Accessibility Request accessible documents Follow TDSB © 2024 Toronto District School Board | Terms of Use | Privacy | CASL