Electronics Weekly: Design, Components, Tech & Business News About Us Contact Us Advertise Newsletter sign-up Login / Register Electronics Weekly Electronics Design & Components Tech News News Business Manufacturing Distribution Finance Market Research Information Technology Markets AI Automotive Electronics Embedded Systems Industrial Electronics Internet of Things Medical Electronics Military/Aerospace Electronics Power Design Communications EDA and IP Legislation & Skills Research STEM Education Testing University Electronics Products Analogue / Linear / Mixed Signal ICs FPGA / PLD LED Lighting Microprocessors Power Supplies Raspberry Pi Development RF & Microwave Sensors & Opto Single Board Computers Test & Measurement Blogs Android Electro Ramblings Engineer In Wonderland Gadget Master Led Luminaries Mannerisms Viewpoints Resources EW Digital Editions EW Compare – Comparison Search Engine EW-TV Component search engine Whitepapers, competitions & podcasts Events Calendar Electronica Elektra Awards Embedded World EW BrightSparks Electronics Weekly Women Leaders in Electronics Awards Jobs India drops laissez-faire approach to AI Government approves Vishay takeover of Newport Wafer Fab Industrial Nvidia Jetson Orin NX computer is waterproof and vibration-rugged EU project readies prototype and test centre for edge-AI ICs Electronics Weekly’s Women Leaders in Electronics Awards shortlist TSMC opens first of three Japanese fabs Nvidia astonishes News View More Shield puts Click modules on Red Pitaya FPGA board MikroElektronika has announced a shield board that adapts its Click modules to Red Pitaya, the ... ‘405x’ style analogue switches work with 1.8V logic, and across 1.5 to 5.5V Nexperia has unveiled analogue switches that can work with control logic from 1.8 to 5V, ... EW BrightSparks 2023 profile: Luisa Schrempf, University College London Now in its sixth year of awards, EW BrightSparks sees Electronics Weekly highlight and celebrate ... India drops laissez-faire approach to AI India has asked ‘significant’ tech firms to apply for explicit government approval before making untested ... Create the Future Design Contest open for entries The 22nd Create the Future Design Contest – a global challenge to engineers and innovators ... ZWLR for European smart homes boosts battery life, network nodes The Z-Wave Alliance has announced its ZWLR (Z-Wave Long Range) specification for the European market ... Foremost adds to MIL-grade enclosures Foremost Electronics of Essex, the specialist distributor of electromechanical components, has expanded its range of MIL-grade ... Let the Electronics Weekly newsletter content come straight to you! Sign up for the Mannerisms, Gadget Master, the Daily and the main Weekly newsletter. View More Latest News Stories Mannerisms View More Have We Passed Peak-Smartphone? Smartphone shipments dropped to the lowest level in a decade last year. According to IDC, ... Off-The-Shelf Delivery Service For Tunnel Diodes AN off-the-shelf delivery service is now available for STC tunnel diodes. So, 62 years ago, ... WATCH EW-TV View More News View More Wireless IoT dev board connects to a hundred sensors Digi International and SparkFun Electronics have designed a development board that adds peripherals around a ... Government approves Vishay takeover of Newport Wafer Fab Government consent for the acquisition of Newport Wafer Fab by Vishay has finally been given ... US aiming for complete IC supply chain The US aims to be manufacturing 20% of the world’s most advanced logic chips by ... AI servers to be 12% of the market this year AI servers will take 12.1% of a 2024 server market which will grow 2.05% y-o-y ... Q4 Optical Transport market fell 6% y-o-y The Q4 Optical Transport market declined 6% y-o-y due to reduced demand in North America, ... 8GHz microwave instruments for quantum computer research Zurich Instruments has introduced three 8GHz instruments for controlling and analysing microwave-implemented qubits. “The product ... GHz baluns and couplers in 0603 packaging Component distributor Richardson RFPD is to stock a range of 0603 (1.5 x 0.7mm) RF ... Products View More Shield puts Click modules on Red Pitaya FPGA board MikroElektronika has announced a shield board that adapts its Click modules to Red Pitaya, the ... ‘405x’ style analogue switches work with 1.8V logic, and across 1.5 to 5.5V Nexperia has unveiled analogue switches that can work with control logic from 1.8 to 5V, ... ZWLR for European smart homes boosts battery life, network nodes The Z-Wave Alliance has announced its ZWLR (Z-Wave Long Range) specification for the European market ... Wireless IoT dev board connects to a hundred sensors Digi International and SparkFun Electronics have designed a development board that adds peripherals around a ... Video View More EW: In conversation with Siemens: SSN and next-gen design-for-test technology Video View More Video: Let’s Talk Electronics – NXP and Microchip on software-defined vehicles and IoT security Raspberry Pi Development View More Pi 5 4Gbyte and 8Gbyte boards shipping from Farnell The Raspberry Pi 5 4Gbyte and 8Gbyte boards can now be ordered for same day ... Raspberry Pi friendly LoRaWAN Module for long-range wireless comms Check out a Raspberry Pi friendly LoRaWAN Module, supporting long-distance IoT scenarios: the LR1302. It's released by Elecrow. Raspberry Pi Compute Module 5 forward guidance available, to some For those of you wanting to design with Raspberry Pi’s much-awaited Compute Module 5 (CM5), ... Gadget Book: Save the World with Code (Raspberry Pi, micro:bit, and Circuit Playground Express) Time for our first addition to the Gadget Master library in 2024. Check out Save the World with Code: 20 Fun Projects for All Ages Using Raspberry Pi, micro:bit, and Circuit Playground Express. Raspberry Pi Pico powers Moon phase model I really like this one, the waxing and waning. It's described as a Moon phase device, which models the aspects of our satellite orb. Digikey signs Sefra Labs Embedded systems, servers, I/O modules and sensors by Sfera Labs, are now available from DigiKey, ... Gadget Master View More DevBoard Watch: SparkFun Digi XBee for cellular IoT Gadget Book: Applied Embedded Electronics Arduino, Silicon Labs partner for Matter software and Nano hardware Engineer In Wonderland View More Progress on the 1610Pro CNC upgrade 3d printer motherboard could be the best controller/driver for medium-sized CNC machines Community-sourced desktop CNC milling machine product Electronics Weekly at 60 View More Electronics Weekly @ 60 – Celebrating 60 years of electronics Electro Ramblings View More Get Mannerisms, Gadget Master, the Daily and the Weekly, in newsletter form Galleries View More Elektra 2023 winners and attendees Picture Gallery: Elektra Awards 2023 Winners and Awards Embedded World 2023: Get the full Electronics Weekly Guide Digital Edition Don’t miss out on EW Newsletters Get our news, blogs and comments straight to your inbox! Sign up for the Electronics Weekly newsletters: Mannerisms, Gadget Master and the Daily and Weekly roundups. Find out more » Work Break Sudoku Most Popular Get the Gadget Master newsletter! Get Mannerisms, Gadget Master, the Daily and the Weekly, in newsletter form Let the Electronics Weekly newsletter content come straight to you! NXP reveals the low-cost MCX MCU series iFixit tears down the Apple Vision Pro Latest Comments Mike Bryant on Have We Passed Peak-Smartphone?: ‘If other countries follow UK schools in starting to ban smar... ‘ Fast Eddie on Have We Passed Peak-Smartphone?: ‘I don't see how Apple can sell any more iPhones unless they... ‘ David Dent on Will TSMC Be Surprised By The Yield At Kumamoto?: ‘Wow!... ‘ Fast Eddie on Top Ten (less 1) Most 6G-Ready Countries: ‘Latency is often more important than Mbps. Especially so whe... ‘ Electronics Weekly @ 60! Read our special supplement celebrating 60 years of Electronics Weekly and looking ahead to the future of the industry. Read the Electronics Weekly @ 60 supplement » Read the first ever Electronics Weekly online: 7th September 1960. We've scanned the very first edition so you can enjoy it. Read the very first edition » Register and Sign up for e-Newsletter Space Electronics Keep up with developments relating to space technology - satellite technology, PNT, thermal imaging, SatIoT, spaceports and more View our busy aerospace section » Image: ESA Electronics Weekly @ 60! Read our special supplement celebrating 60 years of Electronics Weekly and looking ahead to the future of the industry. Read the Electronics Weekly @ 60 supplement » Read the first ever Electronics Weekly online: 7th September 1960. We've scanned the very first edition so you can enjoy it. Read the very first edition » IoT – Internet of Things Keep up with developments relating to the Internet of Things (IoT) - Industrial IoT, sensors, Edge AI, battery technology, SatIoT and more View our popular Internet of Things section » Image: ESA News Embedded Systems LED Lighting Power Communications Internet of Things Automotive Electronics Finance Blogs Distribution World Electro Ramblings Eyes On Android Gadget Master Engineer In Wonderland Led Luminaries Mannerisms EW Portfolio About Us Elektra Awards Electronics Weekly Jobs Site Map About Us Electronics Weekly is the market leading and longest-established electronics magazine, read in print and online by key decision makers throughout the industry for more than 50 years. Electronics Weekly is at the heart of the electronics industry and is reaching an audience of more than 120,000 people each month. It also organises the prestigious Elektra Awards. Copyright ©2024 Electronics Weekly |News|Products|Blogs|Jobs - Owned by Emap, Southern House, CR0 1XG (020 39532600) Terms and Conditions Privacy policy x x