Interactive Mathematics Miscellany and Puzzles Site What's new Content page Front page Index page About Privacy policy Help with math Subjects Arithmetic Algebra Geometry Probability Trigonometry Visual illusions Articles Cut the knot! What is what? Inventor's paradox Math as language Problem solving Collections Outline mathematics Book reviews Interactive activities Did you know? Eye opener Analogue gadgets Proofs in mathematics Things impossible Index/Glossary Simple math Fast Arithmetic Tips Stories for young Word problems Games and puzzles Our logo Make an identity Elementary geometry Interactive Mathematics Miscellany and Puzzles Back in 1996, Alexander Bogomolny started making the internet math-friendly by creating thousands of images, pages, and programs for this website, right up to his last update on July 6, 2018. Hours later on July 7th he passed away. His friend Nassim Taleb announced the devastating news. "He was of the few saints you meet in life: he gave more, much more than he took." Alex's family and friends have asked the Wolfram Foundation to serve as a steward for continuing maintenance and updates to the site, more details to come. Twitter, Facebook Cut the Knot is a book of probability riddles curated to challenge the mind and expand mathematical and logical thinking skills. First housed on cut-the-knot.org, these puzzles and their solutions represent the efforts of great minds around the world. Follow along as Alexander Bogomolny presents these selected riddles by topical progression. Try them for yourself before reading their solutions. Just like it was for Alexander the Great, the non-trivial, unexpected solution might be exactly the one you need. Buy on Amazon This commemorative book was produced in collaboration with STEM Academic Press and Wolfram Media. Published on November 17, 2020 all proceeds from sale go to Alexander's family. For more info on the book and its release see Nassim Nicholas Taleb's post. Arithmetic Base Conversion Divisibility Criteria Euclid's Game Fast Arithmetic Tips Hour glass timing Magic in Square Make an Identity Napier Bones Number Guessing Game Arithmetic Word Problems Online practice And much much more ... Mathematics Games & Puzzles Three Jugs Problem Box Labels Fish Soup game Goat, Cabbage and Wolf Josephus Flavius' problem Mastermind Variants Peg Solitaire Scoring Toads And Frogs Puzzle Toads And Frogs in 2D Tower of Hanoi Tromino Puzzle And much much more ... Logic Lewis Carroll's Logic Game Venn Diagrams Logic Word Problems And more ... Fractals & Chaos Color Cycling on Mandelbrot Emergence of Chaos All Peano Curves Cantor sets Pascal Triangle Fractal Curves and Dimension Iterated Function Systems Iterations in Mandelbrot Set Julia Sets Logistic Model Plane Filling Curves Sierpinski Gasket Toying with Tremas And more ... Fallacies Curry's Paradox Delian Problem Solved A Faulty Dissection Langman's Paradox Sam Loyd's Son's Dissection Rouse Ball's Fallacy And more ... Calculus Equations of the Straight Line Function, Derivative and Integral Lagrange Interpolation Riemann Sums Rolle's and Mean Value Taylor Series for Cosine And more ... Combinatorial Games Date Game Grundy's Game Kayles Nim Nimble Northcott's game One Pile Plainim Misère Subtraction Game Take-Away Games Turning Turtles Wythoff's Nim And much more ... Algebra 3-Term Arithmetic Series Binary Color Device Candy Game Chebyshev polynomials Counting Triangles Averages Heads and Tails Multiplication Table Interest Calculations Letter Counting Merlin's Magic Squares Proizvolov's Identity Pythagorean Triples Self-documenting Sentences What's next? Word Problems Online practice And much more ... Visual Illusions Balls and Shadows Illusion Bulging lines illusion Gerbino's Illusion Heaver: A Visual Illusion Hering Illusion Judd Illusion Kanizsa Triangle Müller-Lyer Illusion Necker Cube Perspective Illusion Poggendorff Illusion II Ponzo Illusion Revolving Circles Illusion Twisted Cord Illusion Wundt Block Illusion Zöllner's Illusion And much much more ... Probability Birds On a Wire Buffon's Noodle Misuse of Statistics Monty Hall Dilemma Parrondo's Paradox Probability and Infinity And much more ... Computer Math Magic Arithmetic magic matrix Bachet's Magic Trick Calendar Magic Gergonne's Magic Trick Hummer's Mind Reader Magic in Square Number Guessing Game Guessing Two Numbers Combinatorics Bicolor Tower of Hanoi Art Gallery Theorem Coin change Critical Path Latin Squares Listing all permutations Mazes Monotone Sequences A Pigeonhole Problem Project Scheduling Scrub Tile Puzzle Shuttle Puzzle Tower of Hanoi And much more ... Mathematics Miscellany Disappearing Rectangles Genetic Algorithm Impossible Fork Projectile Trajectory Random Dot Stereograms Ratchet Effect And more ... Geometry 3 Utilities Puzzle All About Altitudes Angle Bisectors Area of Parallelogram Asymmetric Propeller Butterfly Theorem Sangaku: Thoughts & Problems Fagnano's problem Inversion: Reflection in Circle Mathematics in Pizzeria Morley's Miracle Outline Solutions Poles and Polars Pythagorean Theorem (122 proofs) Reflection in Line Translation Transform Triangle geometry And much much more ... Eye Opener Series Breaking Chocolate Bars Farmer and Wife Make Your Move, Kid! Solitaire on the Circle Two Butterflies Theorem And much more ... Mathematics in Social Science Method of Markers Method of Sealed Bids Fast Power Indices Hamilton's Apportionment Huntington-Hill Apportionment Social Choice And much much more ... Mathematical Droodles Circle Chains Diagonal Count Directly Similar Figures Equal Incircles Theorem Eyeball Theorem Fagnano's problem Maxwell's Theorem Poncelet's Porism Shape of Constant Width Squinting Eyes Theorem And much much more ... Analog Devices Draw Ellipse Angle Trisector Broken Calculator Cycloids Ellipse and Other Curves Geoboard Peaucellier Linkage Pythagorean Theorem And more ... Last updated: July 6, 2018 What has changed? 71441215 |Contact| |Front page| |Contents| Copyright © 1996-2018 Alexander Bogomolny