Purdue University Skip to content MENU Home About Become a Student Academics Life at Purdue Research Alumni Athletics CLOSE Search Home About Become a Student Academics Life at Purdue Research Alumni Athletics Helpful links Current Students Faculty and Staff Give Events Calendar News Shop Quick links Find Your Major Check Tuition and Costs Schedule a Visit See Boilermakers’ Stories Apply Now Every Giant Leap Starts with One Small Step Quick Links: Find Your Major Check Tuition and Costs Schedule a Visit See Boilermakers’ Stories Apply Now Start Your Search Search Most Popular Searches:Research,Housing,Majors,Student Orgs,Dining Watch Video Request Information #3 Most Recognized Public University in the U.S. American Caldwell, 2023 EVENTS CALENDAR See what’s happening on campus and in the community. #16 Most Innovative Company in the World Alongside OpenAI, NASA and Microsoft Fast Company, 2023 #3 Most Recognized Public University in the U.S. American Caldwell, 2023 EVENTS CALENDAR See what’s happening on campus and in the community. #16 Most Innovative Company in the World Alongside OpenAI, NASA and Microsoft Fast Company, 2023 prev next Explore Life at Purdue Open Open Open Open Open Open Open Open prev next Mackey Arena The Paint Crew The official student section of Purdue Men’s Basketball, the Paint Crew is 2,800 strong and Purdue’s official sixth man. Learn More Mackey Arena Keady Court On Dec. 12, 1997, the floor of Mackey Arena was named ‘Keady Court’ in honor of legendary men’s basketball coach Gene Keady. Learn More France A. Córdova Recreational Sports Center GroupX Join a group fitness class, work out on your schedule or try something new in a state-of-the-art facility. Learn More France A. Córdova Recreational Sports Center Climbing and Bouldering Scale a 55-foot-tall roped climbing wall and test your skills on the bouldering wall with more than 60 horizontal feet of terrain. Learn More Architecture Purdue Bell Tower Hear the four bells with a history stretching back more than 100 years — plus, a special speaker for songs like “Hail Purdue!” Learn More Architecture Engineering Fountain Explore everything we have to offer on campus and be where some of our most treasured traditions take place. Watch Video Campus Icons Purdue Memorial Union Find the perfect spot for studying (and saying hey to friends) between classes. Learn More Campus Icons Purdue Memorial Union Gateway Meet at the union for gathering and dining, plus retail and banking services as well as the Union Club Hotel. Learn More prev next Mackey Arena The Paint Crew The official student section of Purdue Men’s Basketball, the Paint Crew is 2,800 strong and Purdue’s official sixth man. Learn More Mackey Arena Keady Court On Dec. 12, 1997, the floor of Mackey Arena was named ‘Keady Court’ in honor of legendary men’s basketball coach Gene Keady. Learn More France A. Córdova Recreational Sports Center GroupX Join a group fitness class, work out on your schedule or try something new in a state-of-the-art facility. Learn More France A. Córdova Recreational Sports Center Climbing and Bouldering Scale a 55-foot-tall roped climbing wall and test your skills on the bouldering wall with more than 60 horizontal feet of terrain. Learn More Architecture Purdue Bell Tower Hear the four bells with a history stretching back more than 100 years — plus, a special speaker for songs like “Hail Purdue!” Learn More Architecture Engineering Fountain Explore everything we have to offer on campus and be where some of our most treasured traditions take place. Watch Video Campus Icons Purdue Memorial Union Find the perfect spot for studying (and saying hey to friends) between classes. Learn More Campus Icons Purdue Memorial Union Gateway Meet at the union for gathering and dining, plus retail and banking services as well as the Union Club Hotel. Learn More See Our Impact More News Featured Story You may be breathing in more tiny nanoparticles from your gas stove than from car exhaust February 27, 2024 Trending Now Patented Purdue design inspired by Tesla valve could improve performance of rotating detonation engines February 27, 2024 Purdue to help fight ‘forever chemicals’ in economy-boosting NSF-funded Great Lakes project FEBRUARY 22, 2024 Purdue researchers test previously approved FDA drugs to treat Lowe syndrome February 28, 2024 Purdue University610 Purdue MallWest Lafayette, IN 47906 765-494-4600 OUR CAMPUSES Purdue University in Indianapolis Purdue University Online Purdue Global Purdue Fort Wayne Purdue Northwest Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Youtube snapchat OUR CAMPUSES Purdue University in Indianapolis Purdue University Online Purdue Global Purdue Fort Wayne Purdue Northwest West Lafayette plus_icon Campus Map Careers Center for Healthy Living Colleges and Schools Directory Entrepreneurship and Commercialization Human Resources Libraries Information plus_icon Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Ethics and Compliance Events Give Office of Engagement President Purdue Today Tuition Calculator Resources plus_icon BoilerConnect Brightspace Current Students Faculty and Staff myPurdue Office 365 OneCampus Portal Outlook Communication plus_icon Annual Security Report Construction Emergency Information Technology Marketing and Communications News Purdue Hotline Timely Warnings Copyright © 2023 Purdue University. All Rights Reserved.Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | Privacy Policy | Contact Us