Statistics at UC Berkeley | Department of Statistics Skip to main content Main navigation About About Berkeley Statistics History History of Berkeley Statistics Past Department Chairs 150 Years of Women In Memoriam Awards and Honors Faculty Awards and Honors Staff Awards and Honors Student Departmental Awards The Loève Prize Diversity, Equity & Inclusion News Latest News Statistics Newsletter Events Contact Giving to the Department People Faculty Emeriti PhD Students MA Students Researchers Staff Visitors Past Past Faculty PhD Alumni MA Alumni Past Postdocs & Visitors Academics Overview of Our Programs Undergraduate Program Prospective Majors/Minors Undergraduate Program Information M.A. Statistics Program M.A. Statistics Admissions M.A. Statistics Program Information PhD Program PhD Admissions PhD Program Information Courses and Enrollment Overview Schedule Enrollment Office Hours Tutoring Student Support Instructor Support Research & Industry Research Overview Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Biology and Medicine Causal Inference and Graphical Models High Dimensional Data Analysis Non-Parametric Inference Physical and Environmental Sciences Probability Social Sciences Statistical Computing Industry Overview Industry Alliance Program Berkeley Statistics Annual Research Symposium (BSTARS) Seminars Overview Neyman Seminar Probability Seminar Statistics and Genomics Seminar Tech Reports Resources Evans Hall Policies and Access For Alumni Computing Statistical Consulting Department Admin Support Careers Careers Overview Department Job Openings Academic Positions Student Positions Staff Positions Recruiting Our Students Career Services Search by keyword WELCOME TO Statistics at UC Berkeley We are a community engaged in research and education in probability and statistics. In addition to developing fundamental theory and methodology, we are actively involved in statistical problems that arise in such diverse fields as molecular biology, geophysics, astronomy, AIDS research, neurophysiology, sociology, political science, education, demography, and the U.S. Census. About Statistics Our Research Top ranking programs We are consistently ranked one of the top two Statistics graduate programs in the United States and globally. Our undergraduate and graduate programs are renowned for preparing students for a constantly evolving data-based and data-driven world. We teach the concepts and real skills to successfully and ethically work in fields as diverse as medicine, finance, technology and government. Our Programs Our award winning faculty Our faculty are at the leading edge of statistical research, with 2 National Medal of Science winners, 12 members of the National Academy of Science, multiple members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Guggenheim Fellows, MacArthur Fellowship ("Genius Grant") winners, and Sloan Fellows, to name just some of the awards held by our esteemed faculty. Meet the Faculty Awards & Honors Teaching innovations Our instruction is at the cutting edge of statistical science. Our pedagogy includes concepts across data science, probability, applied and theoretical statistics, mathematics and machine learning. We are innovative in adapting new interdisciplinary courses and methods to meet a changing world around us. Courses & Enrollment Previous Pause Next 0123 Image Prospective Students Information about our degree programs and the application process, for prospective undergraduate and graduate students. Image Current Students Information, policies, and forms related to our degree programs, for current undergraduate and graduate students. Image Department Members Administrative information and resources for current department members, including support for hiring, reimbursements, teaching, grants, and events. Image Outside Community Find out how you can interact with the Statistics Department, including our Industry Alliance Program, alumni programs, and Statistical Consulting service. News & Events Yu and Barter publish online book titled "Veridical Data Science: The Practice of Responsible Data Analysis and Decision Making" Yu and Barter publish online book titled "Veridical Data Science: The Practice of Responsible Data Analysis and Decision Making" March 1, 2024 Mei wins N.S.F. award for theoretical foundations for deep learning and large-scale AI models Mei wins N.S.F. award for theoretical foundations for deep learning and large-scale AI models February 20, 2024 Statistics at SEEDS conference Statistics at SEEDS conference January 16, 2024 Massari Joins Statistics as Lecturer Massari Joins Statistics as Lecturer January 9, 2024 All News PRIMARY RESEARCH AREAS Research Research in the department is wide ranging, both in terms of areas of applications and in terms of focus. To see what we are currently working on: View our research areas Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Biology & Medicine Causal Inference and Graphical Models High Dimensional Data Analysis Non-Parametric Inference Physical and Environmental Sciences Probability Social Sciences Statistical Computing or visit our Research page. Giving to the Statistics Department You can help ensure the department continues to be a leading Statistics program in the nation, meeting our mission of educating leaders, creating knowledge, and serving society. Amount Choose a giving opportunity Friends of Statistics The Statistics Graduate Student Support Fund Continue or look at other ways to donate Give Now © 2021 UC Regents. All Rights Reserved. Department of Statistics 367 Evans Hall, University of California Berkeley, CA 94720-3860 T 510-642-2781 | F 510-642-7892 Accessibility | Nondiscrimination | Privacy Log in