USDA Farm Service Agency Home Page An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Farm Service Agency U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE About FSA Ask USDA Contact Us Forms Menu Home Programs & Services ARC/PLC Program Civil Rights Certified Mediation Program Climate Adaptation Plan Conservation Programs Cooperative Agreements Dairy Margin Coverage Program Disaster Assistance Programs Economic & Policy Analysis Emergency Relief Environmental & Cultural Resource Compliance Farm Bill Home Farm Labor Stabilization & Protection Pilot Grants Farm Loan Programs Financial Management Information Increasing Land Access Initiatives Laws and Regulations Margin Protection Program for Dairy Market Facilitation Program MIDAS Organic Certification Cost Share Program Outreach & Education Payment Eligibility Price Support Rice Production Program State Offices Online Services LDP eARC/PLC Farmers.gov (FSA Farm+) FSA Online Data Resources Loan Assistance Tool Newsroom Fact Sheets News Releases Emergency Designations Stakeholder Information eFOIA Meetings & Events Public Service Announcements County Committee Elections Fence Post Search small Search ARC-PLC Deadline Reminder Producers who have not yet enrolled in the Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) or Price Loss Coverage (PLC) programs for the 2024 crop year have until March 15, 2024, to revise elections and sign contracts. Learn more for Learn more Resources Emergency Relief The Emergency Relief Program and Emergency Livestock Relief Program are helping farmers offset losses from 2020 and 2021 natural disasters. Advancing Equity at FSA FSA recognizes equity as a driving force and stands committed to advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in all programs and services. AskUSDA AskUSDA: One Central entry point for you to access information and help from USDA. Conservation Reserve Program With yearly rental payments, CRP helps producers and landowners protect natural resources by establishing land cover, improving water quality and increasing wildlife habitat. There are many opportunities to participate for the quality of your land and the health of the environment. Placeholder FSA in the News USDA Launches New Bobwhite Conservation Pilot and Announces General Conservation Reserve Program Signup SIOUX FALLS, S.D., March 2, 2024 – The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced the launch of a new conservation initiative – Working Lands for Wildlife’s Northern Bobwhite Pilot Project, as well as the signup dates for USDA’s General Enrollment signup in the Conservation Reserve Program (General CRP), which opens March 4. Both conservation opportunities give producers tools to conserve wildlife habitat while achieving other conservation benefits, including sequestering carbon and improving water quality and soil health. USDA Announces March 2024 Lending Rates for Agricultural Producers WASHINGTON, March 1, 2024 – The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced loan interest rates for March 2024, which are effective March 1, 2024. USDA’s Farm Service Agency (FSA) loans provide important access to capital to help agricultural producers start or expand their farming operation, purchase equipment and storage structures or meet cash flow needs. Dairy Producers Can Enroll for 2024 Dairy Margin Coverage Beginning Feb. 28 WASHINGTON, Feb. 23, 2024– Starting next Wednesday, dairy producers will be able to enroll for 2024 Dairy Margin Coverage (DMC), an important safety net program offered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) that provides producers with price support to help offset milk and feed price differences. This year’s DMC signup begins Feb. 28, 2024, and ends April 29, 2024. For those who sign up for 2024 DMC coverage, payments may begin as soon as March 4, 2024, for any payments that triggered in January 2024. USDA Rallies Partners to Help with Outreach to Beginning, Veteran and Socially Disadvantaged Producers on the Conservation Reserve Program-Transition Incentives Program WASHINGTON, Feb. 8, 2024 – The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is investing almost $1.8 million in cooperative agreements with six partner organizations for outreach and technical assistance to promote awareness and understanding of the Conservation Reserve Program-Transition Incentives Program among agricultural communities. USDA’s Farm Service Agency (FSA) offers the program as an important tool to help beginning, veteran and socially disadvantaged farmers access land, as well as keep agricultural lands in production. These partnerships build on other efforts by USDA to increase equity in program delivery and broaden the reach of its programs to underserved producers. More FSA News Fence Post Blog More blog Posts Home Programs & Services State Offices Online Services Newsroom Farmers.gov USA.gov USDA.gov Whitehouse.gov Accessibility Statement Common Questions Freedom of Information Act No FEAR Report Information Quality Non-Discrimination Statement Policies and Links Privacy Policy Sitemap Sign up for updates Subscribe Farm Service Agency U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Facebook YouTube Twitter Twitter RSS