Toastmasters International -Home Skip to main content Menu WHERE LEADERS ARE MADE Login Find a Club Start a Club Contact Us My Home My Profile Toggle Search Search Search Find a Club About Education Programs Membership Resources Magazine Events Shop Get excited with milestone memorabilia and resources! Celebrating 100 Years It's all about communication excellence, and for 100 years and counting, Toastmasters have been expressing themselves better, practicing, and evaluating in a fun club environment, shining all around the world. Find/visit a club Any alternate text. Search through Toastmasters world-class speakers for your next event: Accredited Speakers World Champions Joining Toastmasters can help you: Present well Mentor others Advance your career Find a club personality that fits your personality! Consider In-Person, Online, and/or Hybrid clubs that will welcome you as a guest, free of charge. Visit and observe clubs based on community, professionalism, and/or social interests. There is no pressure to join or join in. In-person/hybrid clubs Online attendance clubs Affordable Membership $60 USD* semiannually *plus any potential club dues and a one-time $20 USD new-member fee Talk to a leader at the club of your choice when you’re ready to join. Tailor the program to you: Practice and receive feedback from peers online or in-person The Pathways learning experience features 11 paths in 11 languages Experience your personal transformation Where will Toastmasters ultimately take you? To a career advancement, a personal achievement, and/or mentorship? Your newfound confidence and communication excellence offers limitless potential. Find/visit a club Trust the organization that’s trusted by companies worldwide Learn about starting a corporate club Amazon Project Management Institute Lexmark Toyota Explore Resources Public Speaking Tips Toastmaster Magazine Webinars On Demand Loading... FAQ | Privacy Policy | Conditions of Use | Browser Compatibility | Copyright | Site Map | Media Center | Careers © 2024 Toastmasters International. All rights reserved. Toastmasters International Find a Club Start a Club Login Search Search