Home - Trimble Dental Skip to content Convenient Office Hours Emergencies and New Patients WelcomeMon, Tues, Thu, Fr 8:00 am – 5:00 pm and Wed 11:00 am – 7:00 pm How Can We Help? How Can We Help? 715-235-2211 Home About Us Meet Dr. Trimble FAQs About Us Our Services General Services Dental Implants Sedation Dentistry All-On-4 Dental Implants Bone Grafting Computer Guided Implant Placement Cosmetic Dentistry Emergency Dentistry Periodontal Treatments Smile Makeover Your First Visit How We’re Different Why Should You Choose Us Smile Gallery Patient Reviews Advanced Technology Patient Testimonials Affordability Contact Map and Directions Appointments Blog Careers Privacy Policy Menu Home About Us Meet Dr. Trimble FAQs About Us Our Services General Services Dental Implants Sedation Dentistry All-On-4 Dental Implants Bone Grafting Computer Guided Implant Placement Cosmetic Dentistry Emergency Dentistry Periodontal Treatments Smile Makeover Your First Visit How We’re Different Why Should You Choose Us Smile Gallery Patient Reviews Advanced Technology Patient Testimonials Affordability Contact Map and Directions Appointments Blog Careers Privacy Policy Search Search Close this search box. How Can We Help? How Can We Help? Home About Us Meet Dr. Trimble FAQs About Us Our Services General Services Dental Implants Sedation Dentistry All-On-4 Dental Implants Bone Grafting Computer Guided Implant Placement Cosmetic Dentistry Emergency Dentistry Periodontal Treatments Smile Makeover Your First Visit How We’re Different Why Should You Choose Us Smile Gallery Patient Reviews Advanced Technology Patient Testimonials Affordability Contact Map and Directions Appointments Blog Careers Privacy Policy Menu Home About Us Meet Dr. Trimble FAQs About Us Our Services General Services Dental Implants Sedation Dentistry All-On-4 Dental Implants Bone Grafting Computer Guided Implant Placement Cosmetic Dentistry Emergency Dentistry Periodontal Treatments Smile Makeover Your First Visit How We’re Different Why Should You Choose Us Smile Gallery Patient Reviews Advanced Technology Patient Testimonials Affordability Contact Map and Directions Appointments Blog Careers Privacy Policy (715) 200-9330 Get to Know Our Practice Our team of dental professionals strive to provide the best patient experience. Get to know us by clicking here. Dentist - Menomonie, WI A Beautiful, Healthy Smile Can Dramatically Enhance Your Quality of Life At Trimble Dental, we believe that everyone should look forward to a visit to the dentist. Cleanings and checkups keep our smiles bright, beautiful, and healthy. At our Menomonie, WI, dentist office, however, we understand that when your smile isn’t in the shape you want it to be, it can be frustrating—and that is where we come in. Dr. Bruce Trimble, an experienced dentist in Menomonie, provides services including dental implants, teeth whitening, tooth extraction, cosmetic dentistry and many other forms of dental care. Our dentist can help you get the beautiful smile you have always dreamed of so that you can look forward to your simple maintenance visits with us as much as we do. Learn more about us and our practice. Because You Are the Most Important Part of Our Day Everything in our dentist office has been designed to improve your comfort, convenience, and health. Our Menomonie dentist offers: Convenient location, patient parking, and scheduling Cutting-edge techniques and equipment A relaxed, friendly environment Exceptional staff and gentle dental care Expanded menu of services to ensure your oral health Replace Missing Teeth With Permanent, Natural-Looking Dental Implants Let our implant dentist restore your smile with an elegant, comfortable solution. Dental implants and All-on-4 relieve you of the embarrassment of missing teeth and the awkwardness of dentures, allowing you to eat, talk, and laugh without worrying about your smile. Permanent dental implants become a part of you, much like your natural teeth. Implant dentistry offers the following benefits: Permanent replacement of missing teeth A natural looking, beautiful smile No additional maintenance, beyond that of your natural teeth Replication of the function of your teeth and tooth roots, preserving bone health About dr. Trimble Dr. Bruce Trimble has over 20 years of experience as a general dentist and implant dentist. He is a graduate of the University of Minnesota & has dedicated his professional career to providing you with the best that dental care available in Menomonie, WI. Learn More about Dr. Trimble Why We Are The Right Choice These days, it can be hard to find the right dentist for you. A few key factors we think you should look for in a dentist include their experience, their goals for the practice, and what kind of dentist office they operate. Dr. Trimble has over 20 years of experience, and Trimble Dental has recently moved to a brand new location, which facilitates our advanced dental technology. Learn More About us The Most Relaxing Experience Possible Do you feel anxious when going to the dentist office? We can help. Our Menomonie dentist offers sedation dentistry to alleviate your fears, allowing you to improve and maintain your smile, including: Options for those with a fear of needles Comfortable, restful visits Alleviation of anxiety, making complicated procedures such as dental implants much easier Visit Our Menomonie Dentist Please contact our dentist office in Menomonie, WI to schedule a free consultation for the highest-quality dental care, including the following restorative and cosmetic dentistry services: Fillings, crowns, and bridges Porcelain veneers and teeth whitening Smile makeovers Dental implants, All-on-4, and bone grafting Root canals and tooth extractions Smile more often with a visit to Trimble Dental. At our dentist office, we enhance the beauty and function of your smile, with an emphasis on preventive care. Our goal is to help you keep your natural teeth beautiful and healthy throughout your lifetime. Schedule your free consultation with our general dentist Dr. Bruce Trimble to experience a higher standard of dental care. Phone Number 715-235-2211 Our Address Dr. Bruce TrimbleTrimble Dental460 Crescent St.Menomonie, WI 54751 Our Hours Monday: 8am - 5pm Tuesday: 8am - 5pm Wednesday: 11am - 7pm Thursday: 8am - 5pm Friday: 8am - 5pm Saturday: Closed Sunday: Closed Popular Links Why Choose Us? Dental Implants Sedation Dentistry General Dental Services All-On-4® Facebook-square Instagram Twitter Youtube We offer our dentist’s services to Elmwood, Spring Valley, Woodville, Boyceville, Colfax, and other surrounding areas as well.© 2021 Trimble Dental. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy