St. Louis Post-Dispatch | Breaking News | Read St. Louis, MO and Missouri breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Missouri sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 64° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Metro St. Charles Illinois Nation & World Explore Email newsletters STL 100 Restaurants Top Workplaces Winning STL Homicide tracker Public salaries News topics Education Law & order Politics Traffic Weather Columnists Business Health care Nation & World Opinion Editorials Columnists Mailbag Submit a letter Obituaries Share your story Find an Obituary Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Illini SLU STL City SC Forums Betting High school sports Schedules Schools Stats Fun & games Comics - A to Z Games Puzzles Events Life & Entertainment Books Dining Music Movies & TV Arts & Theatre Home & garden Pets People Travel Advice Digital exclusives Archives E-edition Live chats Mobile apps Newsletters Podcasts Photo galleries Videos Share with us News tip Press releases Share video Send a story Share a photo St. Louis Best Bridal STL Pinch Hits Feast Magazine Ladue News Brand Ave. Studios College Connection Nurses Stories of Honor Teacher Appreciation Buy & Sell Place an Ad Marketplace Public Notices Homes Shop Local Jobs Customer service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Contact us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-Edition News Obits Sports Opinion Life & Entertainment Business Jobs STL Headliner 64° Partly Cloudy Catholic group looks to buy historic Boeing conference center in north St. Louis County The Augustine Institute wants to move to the 286-acre former Desloge family estate overlooking the Missouri River. KMOV apologizes after anchor uses ‘colored’ to describe minority homeowners In a Feb. 26 broadcast, an anchor referred to minority homeowners as "colored" while previewing an investigative story about the impact of racial bias on home appraisals. Blues open five-game road trip with shootout victory over Flyers PHILADELPHIA — The Blues’ uphill fight to reach the playoffs has taken them on the road for five grueling games against Eastern Conference mainstays. How severity of Sonny Gray's hamstring injury could cloud Cardinals' pitching depth Prized acquisition leaves start two outs into second inning Monday, heads for MRI to determine diagnosis. If his season is delayed, what options, including free agents, do Cardinals have? Lawyer: Woman was living at St. Louis church where police said she was kidnapped, held hostage A woman police say was assaulted and held hostage in the basement of a south city church had actually been living in the church for several months, said lawyers for the men charged with kidnapping her. St. Louis County Republican floats shifting control of city-owned Lambert to a new entity The airport is in St. Louis County but a city airport authority manages it. A lawmaker has floated a plan to shift management to a regional board. St. Charles pitches new, $85 million city hall complex to voters St. Charles officials are pitching a new, $85 million city hall complex to voters, who will weigh in on the issue during next month's election. Recommended For You KMOV apologizes after anchor uses ‘colored’ to describe minority homeowners How severity of Sonny Gray's hamstring injury could cloud Cardinals' pitching depth Catholic group looks to buy historic Boeing conference center in north St. Louis County The Latest Florissant homes built on Coldwater Creek may sit on radioactive contamination Missouri House votes to defund Planned Parenthood Owners of Missouri Christian boarding school jailed, charged with kidnapping crimes No rapid resolution expected in ethics probe of Missouri House speaker Sports John Burroughs overcomes foul trouble to knock off Cardinal Ritter for district crown John Burroughs (25-3), which won the Class 4 championship two seasons ago, hosts Hillsboro (26-2) on Friday in a quarterfinal contest with a final four berth on the line. Troy gets past Fort Zumwalt West to claim third district title in a row The Trojans will face top-ranked powerhouse Incarnate Word (28-0), winners of 128 consecutive games. Marquette gets a measure of revenge over Eureka, claims first district crown in three years Marquette advances to Class 6 quarterfinal with a 51-47 victory over Eureka in the Class 6 District 2 title game. Evelyn Shane's basket at the buzzer lifts Ursuline past St. James OAKLAND — Trailing by 11 points with a little less than three minutes to play, visiting St. James staged a rally for the ages Monday night at Ursuline Academy. Latest Video High school sports reporter Paul Halfacre recaps the Girls Class 6 District 2 title game between Eureka and Marquette 'All things are controllable': Bannister points to needed improvements before Blues face the Flyers 'These are huge points': Blues Kevin Hayes talks the importance of upcoming games for playoffs Life & Entertainment McClellan: Missouri’s politicians aren’t dumb. They just act that way. Public life has become theater. Quiet competence gets you nowhere. Spring has started. Or has it? Here are 9 ways this season betrays us in St. Louis. This is the trickiest season for sure. Frank Lloyd Wright fan transforms Shiloh home A fervent follower of architect Frank Lloyd Wright and the Prairie school, she follows his lead, integrating her home seamlessly into its surrounding landscape. St. Louis step teams rock the national scene, face rivalry across town The Parkway District Step Team is defending its first place wins from last season and faces tough competition from the Gentleman of Vision in St. Louis. Opinion Editorial: Parson's commutation for coach is outrageous. Here's how he could mitigate it. Editorial: Parson owes an explanation as to why this mercy was bestowed upon a quasi-celebrity serving an already-modest sentence for his devastating crime. Opinion: Biden's age may be a dealbreaker, but a different running mate could change that The Kamala problem Editorial: In slow-walking the immunity case, SCOTUS thumbs the electoral scales for Trump Say this for Donald Trump: His unprecedented transgressions have provided opportunities for real-life constitutional tests regarding issues that were, until his presidency, strictly hypothetical. Opinion: We should be treating gun violence as a public health crisis It was a beautiful day, filled with joy and celebration. Until it turned dark, the joy replaced with fear, the celebration replaced with sorrow. Winning STL Conversations with St. Louis leaders. Presented by Purina Winning STL: Cardinals fans, business and public safety: How Bill DeWitt III approaches a new baseball season Feb 27, 2024 St. Louis Cardinals President Bill DeWitt III talks about Ballpark Village and the organization’s role as a leader on downtown issues. Winning STL: We need to go beyond the places we’ve traditionally gone to find talent Feb 13, 2024 Manufacturing and geospatial are key drivers. But we need a broader workforce, equipped with the right education and training, says Kathy Osborn president and CEO of the Regional Business Council. Winning STL: How AI can stop scams targeting seniors Feb 6, 2024 Edward Jones Managing Partner Penny Pennington describes how they are using the “responsible power” of artificial intelligence to uncover frauds. Winning STL: Can the Brickline Greenway unlock the city’s economic potential? Jan 30, 2024 Edward Jones Managing Partner Penny Pennington describes the Brickline Greenway as a link to the cultural, sporting and workplace assets, and discusses how St. Louis will see the return investment along the 12 miles. Business Owners of shuttered St. Louis nursing home kept paying themselves as money dwindled Newly obtained financial records show Northview was paying its owners' companies at least $1.5 million a year even as resident counts dipped and revenue fell. St. Louis-area business openings and closings in February Here are key retail and business openings and closings for the St. Louis area in February. The 'wild, wild west' of AI disputes: Q&A with Missouri experts wading into new legal frontier "Over the next three years, I would call it the 'wild, wild west.' ... There are going to be a lot of different disputes; courts trying to figure things out." New rules for cannabis product packaging causing delays in Missouri Packaging will only be allowed one color besides black and white, and logos or images cannot be larger than the word “marijuana” or “marijuana-infused product.” Nation & World Donald Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday Donald Trump has won the North Dakota Republican presidential caucuses, as party members gathered at a dozen sites throughout the state ahead of Super Tuesday. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court restores Trump to ballot, rejecting state attempts to ban him over Capitol attack The Supreme Court unanimously restored Donald Trump to 2024 presidential primary ballots Monday, rejecting state attempts to ban the Republican former president over the Capitol riot. Former Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury in deal that doesn't require cooperation Allen Weisselberg, the former chief financial officer of Donald Trump's company, pleaded guilty Monday to lying under oath during his testimony in the ex-president's fraud case. His plea deal doesn't require that he testify at Trump's hush-money criminal trial. Interact With Us Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Nominate your favorite teacher TODAY! Deadline extended! Nominate your workplace today! Nominate a nurse to be featured in a special section for National Nurses Week Events Listen Now Podcasts What factors impact the Mizzou AD search and takeaways from the start of spring football: Eye on the Tigers On this episode of the Eye on the Tigers Podcast, Eli Hoff and Ben Frederickson discuss the past and future of the Mizzou athletics director position, from how the university will handle Desiree Reed-Francois' buyout to what decisions will face her replacement. 10 Cardinals prospects, 2 minutes each on how they're poised for a leap year in 2024: Best Podcast in Baseball Ten prospects. Two minutes each. Start the clock. St. Louis Post-Dispatch baseball writer Daniel Guerrero, one of the few staff writers at a daily paper dedicated to covering minor-league affiliates of the city's major-league team, joins the Best Podcast in Baseball to discuss 10 prospects w… Is there a silver lining to losing in first-round of the Champions Cup? STL Soccer Talk A chat about a loss, and a tie, as well as a look at recent injuries on the soccer team's back line, as well as a lack of scoring opportunities. Bannister challenges Thomas, Kyrou to get back on track: Net Front Presence Post-Dispatch Blues beat reporter Matthew DeFranks joined columnist Jeff Gordon to discuss the benching of Robert Thomas and Jordan Kyrou by interim coach Drew Bannister. Affiliate Contributor 10 reasons why a supportive company culture can help a business thrive Contributor Content. It’s clear that the era of cutthroat company culture and fostering competition between employees as a form of motivation is over. Sponsored Top 10 best hair transplant clinics in Istanbul – cost and price 2024 Provided content. Learn about hair transplants and the best clinics in the field. Middle school teacher’s coaching methods extend beyond sports Each month, the community nominates their favorite teachers and educators from the St. Louis region to be the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Teacher of the Month. February’s winner is Stephen Culp, a social studies teacher at Hancock Place Middle School in the Hancock Place School District. Mr. Cul… Sponsored Zoinks! A Chevy G-10 van that is a tribute to a man and his machines When Lakers Car Club member Tom McDonald acquired his Chevy van several years ago, he wanted to build it with a Scooby-Doo theme after the animated television series, “Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!” Local Businesses Energage 397 EAGLEVIEW BLVD #200 ATTN: BOB HELBIG, EXTON, PA 19341 Wilson School 400 DEMUN AVE., CLAYTON, MO 63105 Spark St. Louis 6 CARDINAL WAY, SUITE 900, St Louis, MO 63102 Print Ads Travel UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS URBANA - Ad from 2024-03-01 Mar 1, 2024 Construction LEDNOR CORP GUTTER HELMET SYST - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Medical STL COUNTY DENTAL PARTNERSHIP - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Office WINDO VANGO/TOLMAIS, PHILPPE - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Office SULLIVAN AUCTIONEERS LLC - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Restaurant ART OF ENTERTAINING - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Medical OFALLON DENTAL - Ad from 2024-03-03 Mar 3, 2024 Service BAM - Great Day Improvements-Universal Windows - Ad from 2024-03-01 Mar 1, 2024 Transportation ITM Newspaper Media Buying Services (JTV) - Ad from 2024-02-29 Feb 29, 2024 Office CLOSETS BY DESIGN ST LOUIS - Ad from 2024-02-28 Feb 28, 2024 × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Instagram Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis Best Bridal STL High School Sports STL Pinch Hits Sites & Partners Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Submit an event Services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Reprint Permissions Site help St. Louis Best Bridal Subscriber services Work here © Copyright 2024 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 901 N. 10th St. St. Louis, MO 63101 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe Trending Subscribe National News Subscribe News Subscribe