Institute for Advanced Study Skip to main content Toggle navigation menu Schools menu Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Search Begin typing to search for a section of this site. Search Campus Resources Library Dining Utility menu Campus Resources Friends Group Nav About Toggle About submenu Welcome Mission & History Director Board of Trustees Administration Libraries & Archives Publications Videos Campus & Lands Maps & Directions FAQs Albert: IAS Repository Ideas Schools Toggle Schools submenu Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Scholars Toggle Scholars submenu Directors Faculty & Emeriti Current Scholars All Scholars Prospective Scholars Artists-in-Residence Director’s Visitors AMIAS News Toggle News submenu Opinion IAS News In the Media Press Releases Press Center Press Clips Podcasts Events Toggle Events submenu Schools Seminars & Programs Campus Community Events Arts Friends Events Calendar Record of Events Programs Toggle Programs submenu Artist-in-Residence Program Program for Women+ and Mathematics IAS/Park City Mathematics Institute Prospects in Theoretical Physics DigitalScholarship@IAS Support Toggle Support submenu Give Now Ways to Give Friends Founders Day Planned Giving Contact Us Apply Search Begin typing to search for a section of this site. Search Campus Resources Library Dining Schools menu (mobile) Historical Studies Mathematics Natural Sciences Social Science Utility menu (mobile) Campus Resources Friends Home Opinion The Bank of England is Misusing its Fiscal Powers February 29, 2024In an op-ed for the Financial Times, Daniela Gabor, Roger W. Ferguson, Jr., and Annette L. Nazareth Member in the School of Social Science, argues that the U.K.'s central bank strategy to unwind quantitative easing is an illegitimate use of its fiscal powers.Press Release AI Chatbots Found Inaccurate in Answering Voter Queries February 28, 2024The new AI Democracy Projects, co-founded by Alondra Nelson, Harold F. Linder Professor in the School of Social Science, engaged state and local election officials, journalists, and AI and election experts in some of the first testing and publicly available results of leading AI models’ safety regarding election information.IAS News Karl Palmquist Wins 2024 Harold M. Weintraub Graduate Student Award March 01, 2024Karl H. Palmquist, Martin A. and Helen Chooljian Member in Biology in the School of Natural Sciences, received the award for designing innovative new methods for studying the mechanical forces by which cells in developing chicken skin organize themselves.IAS News Kriti Kapila Wins Association for Asian Studies Book Prize February 15, 2024The Association for Asian Studies has announced Kriti Kapila, Member in the School of Social Science, as one of three winners of the 2024 Bernard S. Cohn Prize for first books on South Asia. Kapila was recognized for her title Nullius, an anthropological account of the troubled status of ownership in India.IAS News Past IAS Scholars Win 2024 Sloan Research Fellowships February 22, 2024Past scholars in the Schools of Mathematics and Natural Sciences are among the recipients of the 2024 Sloan Research Fellowships, a landmark honor for early-career scholars. IAS News David Nirenberg Receives Leopold Lucas Prize February 19, 2024IAS Director and Leon Levy Professor David Nirenberg has been announced as the recipient of the University of Tübingen’s 2024 Leopold Lucas Prize. Nirenberg is to be recognized for his research into the relationship between Judaism, Christianity, and Islam in the Middle Ages and the present day. Footer menu Privacy Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Careers Press Center Libraries & Archives Sustainability Store Contact Institute for Advanced Study 1 Einstein Drive Princeton, New Jersey 08540 USA Phone (609) 734-8000 Email contactus@ias.edu Support Help our scientists and scholars continue their field-shaping work. Give Now Connect eNews Signup Social IAS on Twitter IAS on Facebook IAS on Youtube IAS on Instagram IAS on LinkedIn Copyright © 2024 Institute for Advanced Study