fox23.com Skip to main content Site search Search Watch Now Weather School Closings Report Closings News Local & State National Politics Tulsa Crime Stoppers BBB Scam Alert App FOX23 Investigates Traffic Sports High School Football FC Tulsa Community Adopt a Survivor Good News On Her Mind St. Jude Contests About Us Jobs at FOX23 Newsletter What's on FOX23 today? Meet the Team Contact Us Closed Caption Help My41 Tulsa Credit Card Payment Share With Us Advertise with Us 56° Sunny Menu 56° Site search Search 56° Sunny Tulsa, OK (74129) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine with a slight chance for showers and storms, mainly southeast of Tulsa. Winds N 10-15 mph.. Tonight Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 10:47 am Full Forecast Watch Live Watch Live Weather News On Her Mind Good News You Decide 2024 FOX23 Investigates Share With Us News Firefighters investigate after local furniture outlet catches fire in east Tulsa Firefighters are on the scene of a business fire in east Tulsa Tuesday morning. Read moreFirefighters investigate after local furniture outlet catches fire in east Tulsa 2:30+3 News Police arrest man for armed robbery at Tulsa gas station, later identified as escaped inmate Police arrested a man, later discovered to be an escaped inmate out of the Iowa Department of Corrections, for armed robbery at a Tulsa gas station on Saturday. Read morePolice arrest man for armed robbery at Tulsa gas station, later identified as escaped inmate News Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads down in widespread outage Users of Meta’s Facebook, Instagram, Threads and Messenger platforms are experiencing login issues in what appears to be a widespread outage. Internet traffic observer Down Detector is reporting vast outages on several Meta properties. The problems were spotted right across the world, suggesting that the outage could be global.London-based internet monitoring firm Netblocks said on X that four Meta platforms -- Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads -- were “currently experiencing outages related to login sessions in multiple countries.” Andy Stone, Meta’s head communications, said the company is working on the issue. Read moreFacebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads down in widespread outage News Human remains found at Mohawk Park in Tulsa, police said Police said human remains were found at Mohawk Park in Tulsa on Monday. Read moreHuman remains found at Mohawk Park in Tulsa, police said 3:06 News Broken Arrow Police and BAPS host forum on growing threat of human trafficking in the community The Broken Arrow Police Department and Broken Arrow Public Schools partnered to host a Human Trafficking Forum on Monday. Read moreBroken Arrow Police and BAPS host forum on growing threat of human trafficking in the community 3:25+2 News Owner of Tally's Good Food Café given 12-month deferred sentence Talal Jamil Alame, owner of Tally's Good Food Café in Tulsa, was given a 12-month deferred sentence Monday after he pleaded guilty to six counts of larceny. Read moreOwner of Tally's Good Food Café given 12-month deferred sentence Laura Mock Currently in Tulsa 56° Sunny56° / 45° 11 AM 57° 12 PM 60° 1 PM 62° 2 PM 65° 3 PM 65° WATCH NOW FOX23 News Tulsa Latest News News Widespread Facebook, Instagram outages reported Social media users found themselves unable to log into Facebook and Instagram Tuesday amidst a widespread outage. Read MoreWidespread Facebook, Instagram outages reported +2 News You Decide 2024: How to find your polling place Super Tuesday is finally here. Voters will be heading to the polls across 15 states for presidential primaries. More than one-third of delegates are at stake for both parties. As you prepare t… Read MoreYou Decide 2024: How to find your polling place 1:08 Weather FORECAST: Cooler with more rain the rest of the week FOX23 Daily Forecast Read MoreFORECAST: Cooler with more rain the rest of the week News Man arrested for driving under the influence, warrants from 1976 A man was arrested for driving under the influence and for warrants dating back to 1976. Read MoreMan arrested for driving under the influence, warrants from 1976 1:44 News Osage Nation breaks ground on Biden-Harris Administration Internet for All project Biden-Harris Administration officials joined Osage Nation Department Wahzhazhe Connect and the Oklahoma Broadband Office to break ground on a project that will bring high-speed internet to com… Read MoreOsage Nation breaks ground on Biden-Harris Administration Internet for All project 2:52 News You Decide 2024: Mullin says Haley should quit if she doesn't win a single state Tuesday Oklahoma U.S. Senator Markwayne Mullin (R) said Former South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley (R) should drop out of the Republican nomination for President if she doesn't win a single state on Tuesday. Read MoreYou Decide 2024: Mullin says Haley should quit if she doesn't win a single state Tuesday 2:38 News You Decide 2024: Stitt votes for Trump despite previous DeSantis endorsement Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt (R) casted his Super Tuesday vote for Former President Donald Trump despite endorsing Florida Governor Ron DeSantis last June. Read MoreYou Decide 2024: Stitt votes for Trump despite previous DeSantis endorsement News Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants Texas’ plans to arrest migrants who enter the U.S. illegally and order them to leave the country is headed to the Supreme Court in a legal showdown over the federal government’s authority over… Read MoreSupreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants News City of Tulsa starting process to add water to Zink Lake The City of Tulsa announced they have started the process to move water into Zink Lake, a 2.5-mile lake next to Gathering Place. Read MoreCity of Tulsa starting process to add water to Zink Lake 3:27 News LGBTQ rights group, OPS speak about investigation into Owasso Public Schools following death of Nex Benedict Lance Preston, the founder and executive director of Rainbow Youth Project, told FOX23 his organization was one of many foundations that asked for the federal investigation into the Owasso Pub… Read MoreLGBTQ rights group, OPS speak about investigation into Owasso Public Schools following death of Nex Benedict +2 News City of Catoosa says water outages will start Tuesday morning The City of Catoosa Public Works Department announced there will be water outages on Tuesday morning during a water leak repair to a fire hydrant. Read MoreCity of Catoosa says water outages will start Tuesday morning 2:02+2 News Fire at Beggs RV park leaves Veteran's home destroyed, lost everything including cat A fire at Peaceful Acres RV Park in Beggs last week severely burned a Veteran and destroyed his home. Read MoreFire at Beggs RV park leaves Veteran's home destroyed, lost everything including cat Follow Fox23 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iOS App Android App OTT Live stream Latest Videos 1:44 News Video: Osage Nation breaks ground on Biden-Harris Administration Internet for All project 3:06 News Video: Broken Arrow Police and BAPS host forum human trafficking 3:25 News Video: Owner of Tally's Good Food Café given 12-month deferred sentence 2:30 News Video: Police arrest man for armed robbery at Tulsa gas station, later identified as escaped inmate 3:27 News Video: LGBTQ rights group, OPS speak about investigation into Owasso Public Schools following death of Nex Benedict 2:52 News Video: U.S. Sen. Markwayne Mullin says if Nikki Haley doesn't win a state on Super Tuesday, it's time to give up 2:02 News Video: Fire at Beggs RV park leaves Veteran's home destroyed, lost everything including cat 0:34 News Video: 1-year-old boy dead following crash involving fire truck near 41st and Harvard 2:32 Weather Video: Severe weather watches versus warnings, what's the difference? 2:38 News Video: Why ballots will show names of candidates who already ended campaigns 2:38 News Video: Hundreds of acres scorched after fire tears through Okmulgee County 4:12 News Video: Ahead of Oscars, FOX23 speaks with 'Killers of the Flower Moon' actor about his experience on set 2:20 News Video: BBB says people on dating apps are being lured into cryptocurrency scams 0:14 News Video: ‘Pucks and Paws’: People bring dogs to Oilers game against Kansas City Mavericks 3:28 News Video: Wagoner County Emergency Management volunteer comes home after months of care following crash 0:39 News Video: Detours planned for some Tulsa International Airport traffic as bridge rehabilitation project begins Monday 2:09 Weather FOX23 Sunday Morning Forecast Follow Fox23 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iOS App Android App OTT Live stream Trending New felony charge filed for Tulsa bride-to-be at center of viral social media post Owasso Superintendent releases statement about Westboro Baptist Church plans to visit Owasso Oklahoma Lt. Gov. Matt Pinnell resigns from governor's cabinet Local teen shares story after nearly dying due to vaping 1-year-old boy dead following crash involving fire truck near 41st and Harvard FOX23 Newsletter Sign Up Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Daily Headlines Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists FOX23 Investigates 11:39 FOX23 Investigates FOX23 Investigates: Mission to the Philippines, an effort to help those who survived sex trafficking Janna Clark 7:52 FOX23 Investigates FOX23 Investigates: The City is finally testing the Arkansas River water, some say it's too late Janna Clark 6:52 News Video: FOX23 Investigates: Mission to the Philippines, an effort to help those who survived sex trafficking (Part 2 of 2) 5:04 News Video: FOX23 Investigates: Mission to the Philippines, an effort to help those who survived sex trafficking (Part 1 of 2) 8:29 News FOX23 Investigates: Young girls travel to the Philippines, help others who were rescued from sex trafficking Janna Clark 9:04 FOX23 Investigates FOX23 Investigates: Bond changes involving first degree murder suspects at the Tulsa Co. Courthouse Sara Whaley Local Events Sports 0:23 Sports Haggerty named AAC Freshman of the Week for 13th time 0:29 Sports ORU drops 7th straight 1:24 Sports No. 1 OU's 71 game win-streak snapped 2:08 Sports Girls area consolation: Bixby, Sand Springs make 6A state, Booker T., Sapulpa advance to 5A state 1:54 Sports Boys area consolation: Owasso, Broken Arrow advance to 6A state, Booker T. tops Memorial, Collinsville beats Sapulpa 0:35 Sports Wilson boys tops Calumet in Class B finals, wins school's 1st state title Sections Watch Now Weather News FOX23 Investigates Sports Meet the Team Share With Us Services Calendar Email Alerts Advertise with Us KOKI EEO Statement KMYT EEO Statement KOKI FCC Applications KYMT FCC Applications KOKI Public File KYMT Public File Contact Information https://www.fox23.com 2625 S Memorial Dr Tulsa, OK 74129 Phone: 918-491-0023 Email: news@fox23.com Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram iOS App Android App OTT Live stream × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2024 Imagicomm Communications, LLC 2625 S Memorial Dr, Tulsa, OK | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.