Digital Journal | Elevating voices WORLD TECH & SCIENCE SOCIAL MEDIA BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SPORTS Connect with us Hi, what are you looking for? Digital Journal WORLD TECH & SCIENCE SOCIAL MEDIA BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT LIFE SPORTS Tech & Science Op-Ed: Cleaning up space junk at long last — Basic space hygiene 101 The main problem now is whether the mindless political environment can get anything right about space. Paul Wallis11 hours ago Business Q&A: Is the glass ceiling really broken in tech? A new wave of representation is brewing in the tech workforce, fuelled by increased recognition of diversity's importance. Dr. Tim Sandle11 hours ago Tech & Science Greening the car: What features should the consumer be looking for? The transition to electric power is not just a trend; it's a necessity Dr. Tim Sandle13 hours ago Featured News Business ChatGPT-rival Anthropic releases more powerful AI Anthropic, a major player in generative artificial intelligence, announced new models to fuel its Claude chatbot, the company said. AFP13 hours ago Business Apple hit with 1.8-bn-euro EU fine for music streaming restrictions World France set to make abortion constitutional right Business Investor group raises bid for US retailer Macy’s to $6.6 bn Social Media Internet time capsules expose truth about ‘our’ generation What has the Internet provided for future generations to study? Dr. Tim Sandle2 days ago Business Dollar watching: Quarter of Canadians are vulnerable to e-wallet overspending Tech & Science Scream if you want to go faster: New Brunswick sets the fastest Internet record Business ‘Game-changing’ tech fuels US relook at China data risks Trending World Argentina govt suspends state news agency Telam Tech & Science Shot in the arm: Changes to US flu vaccine are planned World 43 countries demand international probe into Navalny’s death World Macron heads to Prague for talks on arms for Ukraine Business Apple hit with 1.8-bn-euro EU fine for music streaming restrictions Follow on X World Shady bleaching jabs fuel health fears, scams in W. Africa In her quest for “fair skin”, an Ivorian YouTuber recently visited a market stall in Abidjan to receive several injections promoted as containing whitening... AFP17 seconds ago World Top envoy warns against Russian influence in Bosnia Bosnia’s top international envoy has warned of Russia’s growing influence in the Balkan country amid a growing stand-off with the Moscow-backed Bosnian Serb leader Milorad... AFP29 mins ago Business China’s economic woes far from over, despite optimistic growth goal China’s economic troubles are far from over and leaders admit the country will face an uphill struggle in hitting its goals for 2024, piling... AFP1 hour ago Business Uber Eats starts robot deliveries in Tokyo “Caution: robot!” chirps the green self-driving delivery vehicle as it trundles down the street to a pork cutlet restaurant in Tokyo to pick up... AFP2 hours ago Business Chemicals giant Bayer rules out break-up ‘for now’ after huge loss German chemicals giant Bayer vowed Tuesday to “urgently” address key challenges after plunging deep into the red in 2023, weighed down by woes related... AFP2 hours ago Business Supercharged EU armed – at last – to take on tech titans Clamping down harder and faster on abuses of power by the world’s biggest digital companies: such is the promise of the European Union’s new... AFP2 hours ago World 10 years after MH370 vanished, families still in limbo Ten years after her mother disappeared on Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Grace Nathan still struggles to accept that she is gone. Grace was 26... AFP2 hours ago World Maldives signs China defence deal as India prepares exit The Maldives has signed a “military assistance” deal with China after ordering Indian troops deployed in the small but strategically-placed archipelago to leave, officials... AFP2 hours ago Tech & Science Shot in the arm: Changes to US flu vaccine are planned Changes in influenza circulation means that the U.S. is likely to see vaccines move from quadrivalent to trivalent models. Dr. Tim Sandle3 hours ago Entertainment The 10 contenders for the best picture Oscar From dramas about the atomic bomb and Auschwitz, to comedies about dolls and sex-mad reanimated corpses, the lineup of best picture. AFP3 hours ago World Chinese legislators kick off annual gathering in chilly, grey Beijing China’s parliament opened its annual meeting with subdued pageantry on Tuesday as sleet and cloudy skies left delegates shivering under umbrellas. Nearly 3,000 representatives... AFP3 hours ago World Women battle on for equality in top business jobs More women are taking top management jobs but inequality persists, with men still dominating business leadership roles. AFP4 hours ago World Climbers to pay $13 fee on popular Mount Fuji trail Hikers using the most popular route to climb Japan’s Mount Fuji will be charged $13 each from July, with numbers capped to ease congestion... AFP4 hours ago World Vietnam property tycoon on trial in $12.5 billion fraud case A top Vietnamese property tycoon went on trial Tuesday along with dozens of others, accused of embezzling $12.5 billion in the country’s biggest ever... AFP4 hours ago World Maldives signs China defence deal as India prepares exit The Maldives has signed a “military assistance” deal with China after ordering Indian troops deployed in the small but strategically-placed archipelago to leave, officials... AFP4 hours ago World Bezos dethrones Musk to reclaim title of world’s richest man Amazon founder Jeff Bezos took back his spot as the world’s richest man on Monday, dethroning Elon Musk on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Bezos’... AFP4 hours ago World Iran executed 834 people last year, highest since 2015: rights groups Iran executed a “staggering” total of at least 834 people last year, the highest number since 2015 as capital punishment surged in the Islamic... AFP5 hours ago World Trade, submarines feature at ASEAN talks in Australia Australia unveiled plans to ramp up investment in Southeast Asia on Tuesday, setting aside US$1.3 billion to bolster trade in a region of rising... AFP5 hours ago World S. Korea begins licence suspension process against striking doctors South Korea said Tuesday it would start notifying striking trainee doctors that their medical licences would be suspended, as it moves to punish medics... AFP6 hours ago More Posts Page 1 of 1873512345Next ›Last » Advertisement ABOUT US SPONSORED CONTENT TERMS OF USE PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US NEWS PARTNER: AFP NEWS PARTNER: DX JOURNAL ALL PRESS RELEASES FEATURED: ACCESSWIRE FEATURED: PRODIGY PRESS WIRE FEATURED: NEWSWORTHY.AI COPYRIGHT © 1998 - 2023 DIGITAL JOURNAL INC. Sitemaps: XML / News . Digital Journal is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more about our external linking.