Ask Different Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Ask Different help chat Ask Different Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question macosiphonemacbook-proiosterminalkeyboardmacipaditunesicloud more tags Active 3 Bountied Hot Week Month 14 votes 3 answers 95k views Boot camp install of Windows issue, no bootable devices bootcampwindowsstartupdual-bootbootable-disk David Anderson 39.9k modified 8 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 38 views Block Other peoples speakers audiobluetoothairplay Allan 100k answered 56 mins ago 4 votes 3 answers 10k views Start menu + taskbar for Mac OS X macossoftware-recommendationdock Lawand 141 answered 1 hour ago 3 votes 3 answers 860 views How to install Windows 7 (and beyond) onto a mid-2010 Mac mini with Mac OS X Snow Leopard without Boot Camp or an optical (DVD) drive macoswindowsbootcampstartupsnow-leopard David Anderson 39.9k modified 1 hour ago 54 votes 13 answers 166k views Can't mount exFAT external drive in macOS macosexternal-diskmountexfat 2xj 181 answered 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 32 views +50 2019 Mac Pro 10GB Ethernet limited to 1.10GBytes Transfer, 944MBits/sec bandwidth macosnetworkperformanceethernet stormdrain 178 modified 2 hours ago 1 vote 0 answers 19 views How can I check the last backup date on iCloud? icloud benwiggy 35.4k modified 3 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 83 views How to change language of dictation on the fly in Ventura (or newer versions of macOS) macosapplescriptbashventuravoice-dictation Allan 100k modified 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 2k views How to open a port on MacOS Big Sur? macosnetworkfirewallpfctl nohillside♦ 100k modified 5 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 4 views 2021 M1 Max MacBook Pro: Left Speaker Popping/Crackling/Sound Distortion. Sound is also very right-heavy. macOS 14.3.1 macbook-proaudiospeakers AtheneNoctua 61 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 9 views DefaultKeyBinding.dict - How to hold F1 key + press second key to trigger an action? keyboardshortcut kapitel4 21 asked 6 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 770 views Remap 1 key to 3 keys in Karabiner Elements macoskarabiner CommunityBot 1 modified 6 hours ago 20 votes 0 answers 682 views +100 How do I turn off MacOS Sonoma's emoji guessing? keyboardinput-sourceemojisonoma stevec 4,837 modified 7 hours ago 2 votes 1 answer 25 views Go to actual photo shown on iOS wallpaper when using random shuffling iosphotoswallpaper Allan 100k modified 9 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions How to smooth sharp edge Could mountains form on anhydrous planets? How do physicists mathematically define gravitational waves? What intelligence was released in order to "blunt Chinese saber-rattling in the Taiwan Strait"? 80186 and having more than 640k conventional DOS-RAM? Is using content from publicly available sources (without alteration) for my own course material academic dishonesty? How can I add a marker or meshpoint to the start and end of a ListLinePlot or DateListPlot Regular Curve on Parallel Lines in Illustrator Why most planets remain within a few degrees from the ecliptic? Do a majority of European countries accept LGBTI+ asylum seekers? Wide equations have too much vertical space above them How can current phase shift be 90 degrees behind voltage just "inside the capacitor" on an RC series circuit but be in phase in the resistor? How to prevent GTK inspector from opening when opening an app from the terminal? Does doing 4 vs 3 substantive chapters in a US PhD come across as a "higher quality" dissertation? Minimum frequency to build up tolerance to seasickness? The statistical model equivalent of this R formula Does 2 Timothy 2:13 mean that a once saved person cannot lose his salvation? Using the Eichler-Selberg Trace formula to compute class numbers? Can 混む and 込む be used interchangeably to mean "to be crowded?" Does working 2 jobs in a company count as an experience? What does it mean when Faramir says "I would not snare even an orc with a falsehood"? What is the mountain lake in this photo? Great battles in the history of mathematics Are classical shadows useful? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Ask Different Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707 Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the US and other countries. This site is not affiliated with or endorsed by Apple Inc. in any way.