Cloud Backup and Storage solutions for home and business - IDrive® Resellers Small Business Enterprise IDrive BMR Endpoint Backup Support FAQs Tutorials Blog More Features When you need more than just backup. Multiple Device Backup Server Cloud Backup IDrive Express Linux Backup iPhone, iPad, Android Backup Manage Computers True Archiving Flag Spanish French German Sign up Sign in Username Menu Online Backup - IDrive Features Download Pricing S3 Compatible Storage Remote Access Multi-Computer Cloud Backup & Storage SAVE*90% 5 TB of cloud backup at $99.50 /year $9.95 for the first year SIGN UP NOW! SOC 2, GDPR, HIPAA compliant Watch a video Best Multi-Computer Cloud Backup and Storage Switch Today90*% OFF 5 TB of cloud backup at $99.50/year $9.95 for the first year Watch a video Online Cloud Backup for your PCs, Macs and Mobile devices SIGN UP NOW! Watch a video IDrive® Snapshots Your best defense against ransomware. SIGN UP NOW! Watch a video Does your backup service seed your initial backup, via Express service, in a week or less? IDrive does. For Free. SIGN UP NOW! Watch a video SOC 2, GDPR, HIPAA Compliance SUPPORT 1-855-815-8706 Personal Backup for home and work devices Save 75%$99.50/Year $69.65 $24.88 first year Get Started Today! Team Cloud backup for small business $99.50/Year $69.65 first year Get Started Today! Business Backup computers and servers $99.50/Year $69.65 first year Get Started Today! IDrive®e2 Cloud object storage that is 90% cheaper than AWS Worldwide locations Immutable storage Free egress Get Started Today! IDrive®360 Endpoint Cloud Backup, managed entirely via web $99.50/Year $74.62 first year Get Started Today! Microsoft Office 365 Backup Secure your Microsoft applications data residing on OneDrive, Exchange, SharePoint, Teams, Outlook, and Office apps with reliable automated backup and granular restore. Available at $20/Seat/Year with Unlimited Storage. Learn More Google Workspace Backup Protect your Google apps data including Gmail, Drive, Calendar, and Contacts from accidental and malicious loss with daily incremental backups and quick restores. Available at $20/Seat/Year with 10 TB storage per seat. Learn More IDrive® Mini Budget friendly backup for your devices, especially iPhone and Android. Starts at $2.95 per year. Learn More IDrive® BMR On-premise IDrive BMR Pro and Cube appliances offer ransomware protection with unlimited licenses, ensuring comprehensive data backup and recovery solutions. Learn More RemotePC Remote access to PCs, Macs, and Linux Starts at $29.50/year $22.12 First year Get Started IDrive e2 S3 Compatible Hot Cloud Object Storage Starts at $30.00/year $15.00 First year, 1 TB No Fees for Egress Sign Up Now50*% OFF S3-compatible; 90% cheaper than AWS! Switch to e2 with FREE cloud data migration FREE iPhone, iPad, Android Backup Cloud Backup and Storage solutions for Mobile March 5, 2024 Mobile phones are used extensively today, and we are very dependent on them on a routine basis. Valuable data like documents and photos reside in our phones. Not only this, we use our phones to access and send official mails, and communicate with our associates. Given the widespread use of our phones, securing this data is critical. There are many risks associated with storing data on phones. You could easily lose your data without adequate protection measures. In fact, a single incident of theft, malware etc. could lead to data loss. Therefore, robust protection solutions like cloud backup is necessary. It provides you with a way of storing all your critical files and accessing the same easily when needed. How can IDrive mobile backup help me? Timeline - View the gallery of photos and videos, which are backed up from multiple mobile devices, sorted by date and location. You can also share, download, and delete your photos or videos backed up to your IDrive account. Cross-platform compatible via IDrive cloud backup - Uploading your files from an iPhone and restoring them on your Android phone, or the other way around is made easy with IDrive cloud backup. Collaborate - Share synced files from your computer, mobile device or via the web with your friends or associates. What else does IDrive online backup offer? Multiple Device Backup via IDrive cloud backup - Backup a host of devices such as Macs, PCs, iPhones, iPads and Android devices to a single IDrive account. Cloud Drive - All your files / folders will be synced in real time across all devices that you link. Moreover, sync storage does not impact your backup storage, and matches your backup storage limit. IDrive® Snapshots - With a historical view of all your backups, you can choose any recovery point to restore data easily during a malware attack or any other data loss situation. Protect your data with IDrive’s Free Online Backup IDrive’s free plan helps you to protect precious data from all your devices. IDrive offers a Basic Plan with 10 GB free online storage. All you need to do is create a free account with IDrive and start backing up data safely in the secure IDrive cloud. Sign up today! VMware BackupIDrive® SnapshotsIDrive Express™Compliance / BAA Cloud StorageSecurity and PrivacyLinux Backup Why IDrive Cloud Backup? Here's what the experts say: You won't find a better price per terabyte for backing up your devices than with IDrive. – Justin Pot, February 8, 2024 A Great Storage and Backup Combo. – Fergus O'Sullivan, June 7, 2023 IDrive gets even better with unlimited backups of your Google, Microsoft cloud.– Mark Hachman, May 03, 2023 Having reviewed IDrive’s online backup service several times over the years, I’m familiar with the company’s penchant for feature-rich efforts. And RemotePC, which can leverage IDrive for backup, is the most feature-laden remote desktop software on the planet. I like the attitude-if it can or should be done, let’s just do it.– Jon L.Jacobi, July 21, 2022 As a pure storage solution for all of your mobile photography, this is easily the most affordable unlimited option we've seen. And with IDrive's strong track record in the cloud storage realm, it's also one that you can trust. – Sean Riley, June 03, 2021 IDrive is a top-notch cloud storage service. - Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols, March 08, 2021 Effortless remote backup - A versatile and feature-rich hybrid backup solution that’s simple to use and perfectly priced for SMBs. - Dave Mitchell, August 18, 2020 IDrive - The cheapest cloud storage service of 2020 for all your files. If all you care about is lots of storage on the cheap, this service can't be topped. - David Murphy, August 13, 2020 IDrive is like a checklist of everything most people could want from a cloud storage service. It's fast, incredibly simple to use, and it offers excellent security so you know your files are secure at all times. – Jennifer Allen, August 04, 2020 Best overall choice thanks to a rock-bottom price. – Desire Athow, July 06, 2020 IDrive's versatile and easy-to-use platform is packed with features and different ways to back up, store and recover your company's data, which is why we named it our best pick for small businesses. – Andreas Rivera, June 12, 2018 IDrive is best for anyone who has multiple machines to back up. – Sean Riley, May 15, 2018 Online backup for the person who wants everything; Backup, storage, sharing, local backup... IDrive does just about everything. – Jon L.Jacobi, September 28, 2017 All of the data is encrypted client-side using 256-bit AES encryption with an optional private key, unusual security feature for syncing services. – Frederic Lardinois, March 27, 2014 IDrive Express is a common-sense solution to time-consuming backups. – Michael S.Lasky, November 25, 2013 1-855-815-8706 My IDrive Sign Up Features Download Pricing Plans Security Blog NAS Backup Synology Backup QNAP Backup Netgear Backup Asustor Backup Products iPhone, iPad, Android Backup Linux Backup Disk Clone Entire Machine Backup IDrive® BMR Endpoint Backup IDrive® Photos Google Workspace Backup Microsoft Office 365 Backup S3 Compatible Storage Special Products TurboTax Backup Server Cloud Backup SQL Server Exchange Server VMware Hyper-V SharePoint Server Oracle Server Microsoft 365 Features Multiple Device Online Backup Small Businesses Manage Computers via Web Snapshots True Archiving File-level Backup vs Disk Image Backup Services Resellers IDrive Express™ Business Compliance RemotePC™ We Serve... Canada UK Resources Support FAQs Video Tutorials Corporate IDrive Ventures Press Releases Reviews Legal Verticals Healthcare Accounting Education Non-profits vs Competition IDrive vs Mozy IDrive vs Carbonite IDrive vs CrashPlan IDrive vs Backblaze IDrive vs Dropbox IDrive vs Carbonite Business IDrive vs OneDrive IDrive vs Google Drive IDrive vs iCloud IDrive vs Amazon Drive Support 1-855-815-8706 © 2024 IDrive Inc. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Switch Switch to the best cloud backup and storage Multiple Device Backup Backup your PCs, Macs and mobile devices into one account Snapshots Your best defense against ransomware IDrive Express ™ Bulk data transfers via physical shipment of drives