Mamamia - News, podcasts and video for women Sydney Sweeney was a victim of SNL’s 'hot woman edit', but history tells us things could have been worse. by Lisa Hamilton celebrity Kate Middleton is back, but her biggest controversy is still to come. Tara Watson reality tv Mamamia recaps Married At First Sight: GET THIS MAN OFF OUR SCREENS. Chelsea McLaughlin opinion The role model we need in 2024. Gemma Bath fashion The trans-seasonal staples the Mamamia team shopped this month. Basmah Qazi wellness 'Docs said I had every single symptom of postnatal depression. My misdiagnosis almost killed me.' Cherie Clonan celebrity The surprising connection between Joe Jonas, his new girlfriend and a controversial tradwife. Shannen Findlay reality tv A fourth cheating scandal, and all the other MAFS 2024 gossip in one place. Shannen Findlay celebrity A journalist was assigned to write a profile on Jay Shetty. It turned into an investigation. Lisa Hamilton sports Wait, what's going on with Sam Kerr? Isabella Ross health We asked 9 busy mums to tell us their favourite quick exercise. Erin Docherty news Your favourite animals will become extinct in your lifetime. Isabella Ross celebrity Tish Cyrus and Dominic Purcell met via Instagram. He had reportedly been 'seeing' her daughter. Chelsea McLaughlin celebrity The true story behind the Ellen Oscars selfie. Lisa Hamilton opinion This is how we change a generation of men. Gemma Bath Editor's Picks parent opinion 'When my baby was 3 months old, I went on a night out. My hubby found me passed out on the doorstep.' Victoria Vanstone beauty MIA FREEDMAN: 'Guess who. I can't.' Mia Freedman weddings Sorry, but I can't stop thinking about this $183 million pre-wedding party. Shannen Findlay parent opinion LIBBY TRICKETT: 'The words no 8-year-old should ever have to hear.' Libby Trickett Taylor Swift celebrity Taylor Swift just told us what she really thought about her Australian shows. Shannen Findlay celebrity The notoriously private life of Taylor Swift's brother. Lisa Hamilton celebrity How Taylor Swift has altered your brain for the better. Hazel McKenzie fitness How Taylor Swift performs for three and a half hours without getting tired. Shannen Findlay celebrity 'What I've been scared to say publicly since attending Taylor Swift.' Kelly McCarren celebrity Americans just discovered what Taylor Swift’s Aussie shows were like. They’re stunned. Lisa Hamilton celebrity Katy Perry and Taylor Swift's feud went on for years. Let's re-examine what really happened. Basmah Qazi celebrity Every celebrity Swiftie who went to Taylor's Eras Tour in Sydney. Shannen Findlay celebrity The sweetest fan moment and Travis' tribute: The highlights from Taylor Swift's Sydney Eras Tour. Nicole Madigan celebrity 'My one piece of advice for anyone attending Taylor Swift in Sydney.' Basmah Qazi Lifestyle beauty The 'old money' manicures you're about to see everywhere. Erin Docherty fashion The shoes everyone is going to be wearing this autumn. Basmah Qazi beauty Gen Z has cancelled eyeshadow. Here's what's replacing it. Erin Docherty Subscriber Exclusive fashion How to build a new-season wardrobe for under $100 an item. Leigh Campbell friendship 'I ghosted my friend after she got the worst news of her life. Here's why.' Anonymous real life 'My best friend told me my boyfriend was having an affair. It was a lie.' Anonymous fashion LEIGH CAMPBELL: 'Searching for the perfect pair of workout leggings? I’ve found them.' Leigh Campbell teens 'I was happy my daughter was close to her stepmum. But this weekend, I got jealous.' Gen Walton real life 'My sister married my ex-husband. We haven't spoken for 10 years.' Anonymous fashion This season’s very best crossbody bags, according to Leigh Campbell. Leigh Campbell sex 'The one sex act I always make my partner pay me for.' Anonymous real life 'When my parents were dying, my sister said I'd inherit almost nothing. Then I saw their will.' Anonymous fashion LEIGH CAMPBELL: 'What I’d wear if I was pregnant in 2024.' Leigh Campbell wellness 'I feel judged.' 50 Aussie women share exactly how many people they've slept with. mamamia-team parent opinion 'When my dad asked for help fixing his laptop, I uncovered a 50-year family secret.' Anonymous fashion Leigh Campbell's machine-washable, no-iron-needed clothes edit. Leigh Campbell real life 'How my husband became my brother.' Kris Armstrong fashion LEIGH CAMPBELL: 'The 7 best tank tops to add to your wardrobe.' Leigh Campbell sex 'My husband and I were bored with our sex life. So we started having foursomes.' Olivia York real life 'When my stepdad died, I went to clear out his belongings. I made a horrifying discovery.' Anonymous fashion 'Dopamine Dressing is how I curate my wardrobe. Here are my 8 favourite pieces.' Jessica Vander Leahy real life 'I finally escaped my abusive hubby and met someone new. He was even worse.' Anonymous celebrity 'I make up to $200,000 a month on OnlyFans. No one knows who I am.’ Emma Gillman News news 34 years ago, thousands of kids were starved of human contact. Here’s what became of them. Belinda Jepsen Belinda Jepsen true crime Meet the world's most isolated prisoner. Lisa Hamilton Lisa Hamilton true crime While pregnant, Catherine's husband served her breakfast in bed. She instantly knew something was wrong. Isabella Ross Isabella Ross true crime 'I write about crime for a living. Here's the problem with our true crime obsession.' Dervla McTiernan Dervla McTiernan true crime He said his wife left him for another man. Then her body was found in a drain behind their home. Nicole Madigan Nicole Madigan true crime Maria Basso died after eating spaghetti. It was allegedly part of a bigger plan. Isabella Ross Isabella Ross Indigenous Stories opinion The gap isn't closing. Far from it. Isabella Ross news 'I'm an Aboriginal Elder. Here are 8 ways you can support Indigenous Australians on January 26.' Aunty Munya Andrews explainer 6 important facts Australians should know about January 26. Belinda Jepsen explainer Weapons, criminals and a bizarre flag: Foreign invaders have arrived in Sydney harbour. Clare and Jessie Stephens opinion How to have a conversation with someone who's against the push to change the date. Belinda Jepsen opinion OPINION: No, the decision to remove Australia Day merchandise isn't woke. Isabella Ross news Today, First Nations leaders want you to know this. Isabella Ross fashion Christmas shopping sorted: 12 Indigenous-owned businesses to buy from. Isabella Ross news 'Unleashed a tsunami of racism.' Indigenous leaders' open letter to Australians. mamamia-team news 'Few things worth doing are easy.' Anthony Albanese's speech to Australia following The Voice's defeat. Isabella Ross explainer Australia voted No for the Indigenous Voice to Parliament. So what happens now? Isabella Ross politics The result of the Indigenous Voice to Parliament referendum is No. Isabella Ross Entertainment celebrity Stephen Baldwin was focusing on the wrong daughter. Chelsea McLaughlin Chelsea McLaughlin celebrity Why Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper's relationship makes total sense. Lisa Hamilton Lisa Hamilton reality tv Mamamia recaps Married At First Sight: WE ARE ALL SO PROUD OF TIMOTHY. Chelsea McLaughlin Chelsea McLaughlin tv 'That could've happened?' The biggest differences between Netflix's One Day and the book. Lisa Hamilton Lisa Hamilton celebrity All the celebrities at the 2024 Sydney Mardi Gras. Shannen Findlay Shannen Findlay reality tv Mamamia recaps Married At First Sight: Jack expertly plants the seeds of doubt. Chelsea McLaughlin Chelsea McLaughlin Relationships dating 'She peed in her mascara.' 11 wild dating stories that keep us up at night. Emily Vernem real life 'I posted about my fear of turning 40 on Instagram. The response wasn't what I expected.' Alix Nicholson dating HOROSCOPES: Don't second-guess yourself, Pisces. Natasha Weber friendship From an absent friend, to a complex mother-daughter situation: How to repair any relationship. Isabella Ross couples Are we are hardwired to cheat after 7 years? Nicole Madigan real life We need to talk about the cost of divorce in 2024. ﻿﻿Hannah Vanderheide real life 'I wrote to Keli Lane in prison for years. This is what she told me.' Libby-Jane Charleston real life 'I was in a DV relationship with a NSW police officer. He faced no consequences.' Anonymous real life Nicolle helps women and children escape domestic and family violence. One little girl's question broke her. Isabella Ross couples Married but dating other people: Meet the couples re-defining modern marriage. Stacey Hicks couples Your response to 'bids' could make or break your relationship. Nicole Madigan real life 'My mum abandoned me when I was just one. Now I take care of her.' Nadia Levett dating HOROSCOPES: Here's that 'aha' moment you've been waiting for, Pisces! Natasha Weber dating The (unofficial) ghosting etiquette guide. Shannen Findlay real life 'My sister married my ex-husband. We haven't spoken for 10 years.' Anonymous couples DIVORCE DIARIES: 'I can't stop stalking my ex-husband.' Dr Gabrielle Morrissey real life We need to talk about Gen Z men. Isabella Ross dating HOROSCOPES: Now's the time to dream big, Pisces. Natasha Weber couples Scientists say love languages are dead. There's something better instead. Emily Vernem couples The mono level technique is exactly how you should be dealing with a narcissist. Nicole Madigan Family kids Kendehl's father is the 'Salt Creek Monster.' She still loves him. Gemma Bath Gemma Bath kids This was not on our 2024 bingo card. Charlotte Begg Charlotte Begg parent opinion Neither Tenille nor her husband want kids. She's constantly having to justify their decision. Isabella Ross Isabella Ross school 'My son was bullying other kids at school. When he told me why, it broke my heart.' Anonymous Anonymous kids This is the best time to teach your kids about money and it's earlier than you think. Jacqui McCallum Jacqui McCallum parent opinion OPINION: 'I don't have kids, but actually, parents DO deserve more respect than everybody else.' Shannen Findlay Shannen Findlay Mamamia Favourites kids This is the best time to teach your kids about money and it's earlier than you think. Jacqui McCallum finance 23 women share their best financial advice for your 30s. Alana Wulff finance Exactly why you should care about your super. Yep, now. ﻿﻿Hannah Vanderheide home 7 pet adoption stories from the Mamamia team that will poke your heart. Alex Anastassiou real life We need to talk about the cost of divorce in 2024. ﻿﻿Hannah Vanderheide finance 'How much money do I need to start?' All your investing questions, answered by an expert. mamamia-team kids 7 of the best Easter activities that'll be a guaranteed hit with your kids. Hannah Mansur health The reality of joining the 'stage 4 cancer club' at 27. Nicole Madigan beauty Everything in Em Vernem's summer skincare routine. Emily Vernem career We need to talk about gendered violence at work (and exactly how to spot it). Isabella Ross teens The very specific moment when your tween becomes a teen. Rikki Waller lady startup 'How I turned my side hustle into a multimillion-dollar business at 28.' Lizza Gebilagin beauty A beauty writer on the best items to pack when you're travelling. Laura Tough beauty The 14 cult beauty products under $40 that are actually worth your time. Hannah Rabbitt beauty Our favourite hyaluronic acid serum just got an upgrade. Valentina Todoroska baby 'A definitive list of everything I'm buying for my hospital bag.' Alyssa Carver travel Turns out Taylor Swift is changing the way we travel. Alix Nicholson travel Paula Joye: 'I travelled from Brisbane to Adelaide on a luxury train. Here's my very honest review.' Alix Nicholson fashion These 7 tips from bra-fitters will completely change your life. ﻿﻿Hannah Vanderheide beauty The lip combo we're obsessed with right now. Anisha Premawardhana true crime April Bever chronicled her family life on Reddit. Then 2 of her sons killed her. Shannen Findlay movies 'I think I'm hallucinating.' The wildest moments from Jennifer Lopez's bonkers new movie on Prime Video. Tara Watson travel The best girls' trip accommodation options only a short(ish) drive from Sydney. Emily Vernem opinion The Prime Minister is engaged and the conspiracies have begun. Holly Wainwright celebrity The Swiftie dads, and a proposal: All the best moments from Taylor Swift's Melbourne Eras Tour. Nicole Madigan celebrity The genius of Taylor Swift's fashion choices. Emily Vernem celebrity A non-Swiftie's recap of the first Eras Tour in Melbourne. Georgina Jelovic true crime Dave thought his ex-girlfriend was stalking him for years. She was already dead. Keryn Donnelly movies Why Dakota Johnson’s Madame Web movie was set up to fail. Tara Watson rogue 'Your early 2000s perfume of choice tells me everything I need to know about you.' Emily Vernem news Amarjit Kaur Sardar was killed with a farm tractor. Her husband has been charged with murder. Charlotte Begg celebrity OPINION: The Super Bowl exposed all of Travis Kelce's icks. Bek Day true crime Age 19, Laura McConnell escaped one of Australia's most secretive cults. Isabella Ross pregnancy MICHELLE BATTERSBY: ‘I delayed a baby for my career. Now that I’m pregnant, I want to call out why I hesitated.' Michelle Battersby kids 5 of the best RecipeTin Eats dishes, according to Mamamia. Shannen Findlay kids Chrissie Swan told us the parenting hacks she swears by. Shannen Findlay sex 'The one sex act I always make my partner pay me for.' Anonymous pregnancy Jamie's doctor put her symptoms down to first time pregnancy. The reality was much worse. Isabella Ross celebrity Remember Adrian Grenier? He's a farmer now. Jessica Kingston kids There's a right way and a wrong way to style family photos in your home. Shannen Findlay baby 'There's so much more to egg freezing than I thought.' Lizzie Mulherin movies 'I was in a press conference with Jennifer Lopez and she’s not a woman who responds to no.' Tara Watson explainer Sydney parks closed, a primary school shut down: how asbestos became a serious problem. Isabella Ross fashion We've found a $63 Kmart dupe for the trending DISSH suit. Basmah Qazi movies How Mark Ruffalo became the movie star everyone forgot. Tara Watson politics Anthony Albanese's life outside of parliament. Chelsea McLaughlin reality tv The clues exposing this year's MAFS cheating scandal were there all along. Tara Watson kids 'I left my abusive husband. Now my son is just as bad as him.' Anonymous news Debra's doctor told her she was 'pregnant and hormonal'. She actually had a brain tumour. Nicole Madigan celebrity It began with an online feud: A timeline of Blake Lively and Taylor Swift's friendship. Shannen Findlay celebrity When should you take a toilet break, and all your other Eras Tour questions answered. Chelsea McLaughlin pregnancy The 25-year-old woman sentenced for being a serial pregnancy faker. Nicole Madigan reality tv Everything we know about the 2024 MAFS intruders. Tara Watson beauty Exactly how to recreate Taylor Swift's most iconic hair looks for the Eras Tour. Basmah Qazi news One dead, multiple injured at Kansas City Chiefs Super Bowl Parade. Chelsea McLaughlin tv Five Blind Dates on Prime Video is an unmissable new Australian rom-com. Lisa Hamilton fashion Why Meghan Markle was missing from that British Vogue cover. Basmah Qazi celebrity The Taylist (Mamamia’s Version). mamamia-team news Samantha Murphy's disappearance is now being treated as 'suspicious'. Isabella Ross beauty 'The $14 foundation I love more than my $105 one.' Erin Docherty MORE Newsletters Yes please! Sign me up now. Subscribe *By signing up you accept our privacy policy Mamamia on Facebook Mamamia on Instagram Mamamia on Pinterest Mamamia on Twitter about help contact advertise privacy competitions work with us MOVE Resources Very Peri SkinADHD AnxietyNews General OpinionTrue Crime PoliticsSport ExplainerEntertainment Celebrity Reality TVMovies TVBooks RogueRoyal Lifestyle Beauty FashionWeddings HomeWellness HealthFitness TravelFood Family Before The Bump PregnancyBaby KidsTeens SchoolParent Opinion Work & Money Money FinanceCareer Lady Startup