Travel Caution October 19, 2023 Worldwide Caution Update January 10, 2024 Information for U.S. Citizens in the Middle East Skip to main content Home| Travel Advisories | Newsroom| About Us| Contact Us | Careers| MyTravelGov| Find U.S. Embassies & Consulates Travel.State.Gov Travel.State.Gov Congressional Liaison Special Issuance Agency U.S. Passports International Travel U.S. Visas Intercountry Adoption International Parental Child Abduction Records and Authentications Popular Links Home Travel Advisories Newsroom About Us Contact Us Careers MyTravelGov Find U.S. Embassies & Consulates Stay Connected Legal Resources Legal Information Info for U.S. Law Enforcement Travel.State.Gov U.S. DEPARTMENT of STATE — BUREAU of CONSULAR AFFAIRS Congressional Liaison Special Issuance Agency Legal Resources U.S. Passports International Travel U.S. Visas Intercountry Adoption International Parental Child Abduction Replace or Certify Documents Welcome to Congressional Liaison Welcome to the Special Issuance Agency Get a U.S. Passport Find International Travel Information Get U.S. Visas Learn About Adopting a Child to and from the U.S. Protect a Child from Parental Abduction to or from the U.S. Replace Life Event Documents Issued by the U.S. Department of State Certify your Document for Use Overseas × External Link You are about to leave travel.state.gov for an external website that is not maintained by the U.S. Department of State. Links to external websites are provided as a convenience and should not be construed as an endorsement by the U.S. Department of State of the views or products contained therein. If you wish to remain on travel.state.gov, click the "cancel" message. You are about to visit: Cancel GO Travel.State.Gov Travel.State.Gov Congressional Liaison Special Issuance Agency U.S. Passports International Travel U.S. Visas Intercountry Adoption International Parental Child Abduction Records and Authentications Popular Links Home Travel Advisories Newsroom About Us Contact Us Careers MyTravelGov Find U.S. Embassies & Consulates Stay Connected Legal Resources Legal Information Info for U.S. Law Enforcement Privacy | Copyright & Disclaimer | FOIA | No FEAR Act Data | Office of the Inspector General | USA.gov | USA.gov/espanol | This site is managed by the U.S. Department of State. External links to other Internet sites and listings of private entities on this page are provided as a convenience and should not be construed as the U.S. Department of State or U.S. government endorsement of the entity, its views, the products or services it provides, or the accuracy of information contained therein. The order in which names appear has no significance, and the listings or links may be removed at any time at the discretion of the Department.