Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics | Max Planck Institute Skip to main content Contact Log in Search Research Research Facilities Careers & Education About us News & Events WELCOME TO THE MAX PLANCK INSTITUTE Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics The Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics is a world-leading research institute devoted to interdisciplinary studies of the science of language and communication, including departments on genetics, psychology, development, neurobiology and multimodality of these fundamental human abilities. We investigate how children and adults acquire their language(s), how speaking and listening happen in real time, how the brain processes language, how the human genome contributes to building a language-ready brain, how multiple modalities (as in speech, gesture and sign) shape language and its use in diverse languages and how language is related to cognition and culture, and shaped by evolution. We are part of the Max Planck Society, an independent non-governmental association of German-funded research institutes dedicated to fundamental research in the natural sciences, life sciences, social sciences, and the humanities. On this website, you will find everything you need to know about our Institute, departments, research groups, researchers and their publications, as well as our upcoming and past news and events. Sign up to our newsletter › Latest News More news News 04 March 2024 MPI researchers at the InScience film festival Next week several of our researchers will feature at the... Read more 19 February 2024 Early vocabulary size is genetically linked to ADHD, literacy, and cognition Are genetic factors underlying children’s language... Read more 14 February 2024 Jeremy Collins defends thesis on 19 February On 19 February at 12:30 hrs, Jeremy Collins will defend his... Read more DOE MEE! | JOIN! Aanmelden als proefpersoon Register as participant MPI TalkLing is the official blog of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in Nijmegen on which our researchers talk about all aspects of language sciences. Click here to visit our blog IMPRS for Language Sciences > Upcoming events More events Events 19 Mar - 19 Mar MPI Colloquium Prof. Aniruddh D. Patel Max Planck Institute Colloquium Prof. Aniruddh D. Patel is a Professor of... 22 Mar - 22 Mar IMPRS DOCTORAL DEFENCE: Elly Koutamanis Radboud University Nijmegen Defence Spreading the Word: Cross-Linguistic... All publications Vacancies More vacancies Jobs paragraph Research Coordinator Research Coordinator Operations full-time The Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics is looking for a Research Coordinator position to support the Managing Director in... Read more Multimodal language and diversity outreach assistant Research Assistant Multimodal Language Department full-time The Multimodal Language Department at the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics in the Netherlands is offering a Multimodal... Read more Share this page Research Language & Genetics Language Development Multimodal Language Neurobiology of Language Psychology of Language Research Groups Collaborations Research Reports Research Facilities MPI Labs Donders Labs Baby and Child Research Center The MPI Archives Library IT Services The Language Archive Careers & Education Vacancies Working at the MPI Equal Opportunities Ombudsperson IMPRS Graduate School PhD Representatives Research Staff Committee About us History Timeline Institute Leadership People Operations Department Advisory Boards Data Protection Committee Publications Former Departments Visitors & Newcomers News & Events News Events Nijmegen Lectures Press and PR Office Q&A Contact Log in Contact Wundtlaan 1 6525 XD Nijmegen The Netherlands +31 (0)24-3521911 Follow us An Institute of the Max Planck Society for the Advancement of Science Colophon Data Protection information Imprint