Market Realist: News, Analysis, Company Overviews Economy & Work Money 101 News Personal Finance Net Worth Economy & Work Money 101 News Personal Finance Net Worth About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use DMCA Subscribe Twitter Facebook Instagram Economy & Work Money 101 News Personal Finance Net Worth Economy & Work Money 101 News Personal Finance Net Worth Learn More About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use DMCA Share This Article Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Copy Link × As Americans Demand Pensions Amid Concerns Of Retirement Crisis, Annuities Maybe Worth Looking Into It isn’t certain if pensions will return, thus, alternatives like annuities are worth exploring... Taking a Loan from Family? Here's Expert Advice on Managing Money and Saving Relations Reddit's fuss about traveling when you still owe family cash gets people talking about money and family, with experts giving advice. 9h ago Social Media Users Champion the Dorito Theory as a Quick Test for Life Satisfaction; What Is It? The Dorito Theory extends beyond snacks, offering a philosophical lens on life and the quest for lasting contentment. 9h ago Rent Prices Ease Amidst Apartment Building Boom, But Challenges Persist for Gen Z Homeownership: Experts There has been an increase in the supply of vacant properties allowing rent prices to cool down 10h ago What Do Employees and Businesses Feel About 8 a.m. Meetings at Workplaces? Most employees do not seem to like the fact that they have to report so early as it often clashes with things like childcare, fitness, and sleep. 11h ago Here’s How ChatGPT Can Help You Side Hustle in 2024 The key to success in monetizing ChatGPT lies in understanding its capabilities and limitations.... US Citizens Who Missed Stimulus Check Payments Still Have a Chance to Claim the Funds; Here’s How As of 2023, the IRS was holding up about $1.5 billion in unclaimed funds which are set to disappear this spring, and this might be the last chance to claim. 11h ago SECURE 2.0 Act Unveils Unprecedented Retirement Benefits for Over 20 Million Americans This legislation opens the door for certain individuals to receive a matching retirement plan contribution from the federal government 12h ago Walmart Employee Removing Her Nametag Triggers Debate on Worker Security and Privacy Enriquez echoed a growing concern about the safety of workers who have to wear a nametag at their workplace. 12h ago Early Retirement May Surprise You With Regrets and Challenges, Reveals Retiree Early retirement isn't a one-size-fits-all solution, and individuals must carefully weigh the pros and cons 13h ago The Rise of Generative AI Amidst Shifting Corporate Realities While AI presents challenges for professionals, it also offers opportunities for growth and advancement. ... Driving Habits Impacted as Cost of Living in the US Continues to Rise A survey of 2,000 drivers revealed that the cost of living crisis has significantly impacted the driving habits of many. 13h ago How Employers Are Addressing Gen Z’s Growing Financial Needs and Preferences Gen Z values long-term stability; employers tap into this with tailored benefits, student loan solutions, and financial empowerment. 13h ago IRS Adjustments for 2024 Tax Brackets Could Yield Larger Refunds The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has announced that tax refunds are on the rise this year compared to the previous year 14h ago Dangers of Dynamic Currency Conversion for Travelers in Europe This scheme allows foreign credit card terminals to offer payment in the traveler's home currency, often resulting in inflated costs due to unfavorable exchange rates and hidden fees. 14h ago Social Security Overpaid North Texas Woman By $41K, Now She ‘Must Offset Benefit Payments' Prisock reportedly contacted the administration about the issues and an employee admitted that it was a mistake on their part.... Chore Sharing Sparks Heated Debate: To Outsource or Not? Internet users are divided on whether it's a fair approach or a sign of relationship issues. 15h ago Twitter’s Ex-CEO and Other Executives Sue Elon Musk and X Over $128 Million Unpaid Severance The four executives said that they were fired "without reason," and that they "made up fake causes" to avoid paying them. 15h ago 10 Everyday Expenses You Should Stop Wasting Money On It's the seemingly insignificant, day-to-day habits that could be eating away at your bank balance. 15h ago 79% of Americans Fear Retirement Crisis, 83% Advocate for Pensions: NIRS Survey As per the NIRS survey, the majority of Americans feel pensions are the way to a comfortable retirement. 16h ago Outrage Over Influencer Promoting Video of Disposable Plastic Cups on TikTok Shop Comments on the post express disdain for the influencer's promotion of single-use plastic cups.... Tiny Home Emerges as Affordable Haven for Retirees Struggling with Rising Costs In a video, Twilia, a retiree, showed how her tiny home has become a crucial part of her thrifty retirement. 1d ago Customer’s Shocking Video Questions Chase Bank’s Verification Policy @dahliathedyna is unhappy with the bank's new rule to verify the person who signed the check. 1d ago Have a Tough Boss at Work to Deal With? Here's How You Can Keep Yourself Sane at Work The exact steps to take when dealing with a tough boss who's disrupting your work (and overall) well-being. 1d ago Lucky Number 11: Massachusetts Carpenter Scores Consecutive Lottery Wins Carpenter hits the jackpot twice, scoring $1 million after a $500 win. 1d ago SORT BY RELEVANCE DATE Market Realist specializes in must-know news highlights, in-depth analysis, and overviews of companies as well as industries. SUBSCRIBE About Us Privacy Policy Terms of use DMCA © 2023 Market RealistAll rights reserved © Copyright 2023 Market Realist. Market Realist is a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. SUBSCRIBE Contact us by Email Opt-out of personalized ads About Us Privacy Policy Terms of use DMCA © 2023 Market RealistAll rights reserved