SPDX – Linux Foundation Projects Site Skip to main content Close Search search Menu About Overview Governance Legal Notices Learn Overview Areas of Interest Security Licensing AI Data Build Lite Core Software Handling License Info Engage Participate Technical Team Legal Team Outreach Team Join Use Overview Examples Specifications License List Tools Online Tools Open Source Tools Commercial Tools News Join search System Package Data Exchange (SPDX®) An open standard describing SBOMs (Software Bill of Materials), communicating a release: name, version, components, licenses, copyrights, and useful security references. As a common format, SPDX reduces redundant work related to sharing important release data, thereby streamlining distribution and compliance. The SPDX specification is a freely available international open standard (ISO/IEC 5692:2021). Learn More Learn Learn more about the structure of SPDX and how to participate. ABOUT SPDX Use Explore the ways that you can engage with SPDX. USE SPDX Tools SPDX workgroup tools and others you can use. SPDX TOOLS Areas of Interest SPDX is organized in areas of interest or profiles focused on specific user needs. Supported by These Foundations Latest SPDX NewsBlog Nov 6, 2023Capturing Software Vulnerability Data in SPDX 3.0The flexibility of SPDX 3.0 allows users to either link SBOMs to external security vulnerability data or to embed security vulnerability information in the SPDX 3.0 data format, thanks to support for a security-specific profile. This is different from SPDX version 2, which enabled users to link an SBOM to…READ MOREBlog Oct 9, 2023Understanding SPDX ProfilesOn the surface, profiles are pretty straight forward - they are a way of organizing a specification that covers a broad array of use cases into “profiles” more specific to what a specific producer or consumer of SPDX data may be interested in. READ MORE SPDX Supporters Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation® . All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Close Menu About Overview Governance Legal Notices Learn Overview Areas of Interest Security Licensing AI Data Build Lite Core Software Handling License Info Engage Participate Technical Team Legal Team Outreach Team Join Use Overview Examples Specifications License List Tools Online Tools Open Source Tools Commercial Tools News Join