Guernica – A Magazine of Global Arts & Politics Guernica Donate Home Fiction Nonfiction Poetry Interviews Apostrophe Back Draft Spotlights Cutting Room Explore… Search Search for: Fiction Nonfiction Poetry Interviews Apostrophe Back Draft Spotlights Cutting Room On Forging By Jina Moore Ngarambe March 5, 2024 Our March issue From the Edges of a Broken World By Joanna Chen March 4, 2024 In Israel, a translator tries to tread the line of empathy. Essay Conflict Glaze By Isra Hassan March 4, 2024 From afar, I was seen practicing / agony. Poetry Black Wing Dragging Across the Sand By Itamar Vieira Junior, translated from Brazilian Portuguese by Johnny Lorenz March 4, 2024 The girl couldn’t just abandon those animals on the other side. Fiction ClassFamily & Relationships Get the latest from Guernica delivered straight to your inbox. From the Archives Threshold By Scott Broker He felt endangered by the solitude, even at risk of vanishing. Fiction Bodies & NatureSex Once Upon a Time By Natsume Sōseki, translated from Chinese by Ryan Choi Once upon a time, there was a lord who lit / Fire to his castle Poetry Kingdom By Brian Gyamfi The movement of a fly becomes a rational thought / there are boys and then there are boys Poetry My Mother’s Stalker By K-Ming Chang Only women are capable of occupying that oxymoron: alone together. Fiction Lost and Found Poem By Lena Khalaf Tuffaha I used to meet him at the coffee shop, / the one in Remal Poetry Good Mourning Palestine By Samah Serour Fadil Gooood Mourning Pa-les-tiiiiiiiiiine! AudioPoetry Come Stay By Amanda Dennis My family is mouths spread wide like wounds, telling everything but the story that must be told. Fiction “The Last Time I Came to Burn Paper” By Aube Rey Lescure From Aube Rey Lescure’s debut novel, River East, River West FictionThe Cutting Room Rachel Nolan: In the Best Interest of the Child By Erin Siegal McIntyre and Rachel Nolan A new book gets inside Guatemala’s international adoption industry and the complicated context of deciding a child’s welfare. Interview Americas I, Ghost By Youssef Rakha The West doesn’t give a shit about me. Essay Donate About Contact Shop Submissions Events Advertise Press Release Guernica Guernica is a non-profit magazine dedicated to global art and politics, published online since 2004. With contributors from every continent and at every stage of their careers, we are a home for singular voices, incisive ideas, and critical questions. © 2004-2024 Guernica. All Rights Reserved.