Yale School of Management | Educating Leaders for Business and Society Skip to main content Search Yale School of Management Menu Degree Programs MBA Two-year program for leaders in all industries. MBA for Executives Rigorous executive MBA for accomplished professionals. Master of Advanced Management MBA graduates of top business schools around the world spend a year at Yale. Master's in Asset Management Intensive introduction to investing with leading faculty and practitioners. Master's in Global Business & Society A year of advanced leadership training for MIM graduates of top business schools around the world Master's in Public Education Management One-year program for leaders in urban public school systems. Master's in Systemic Risk Specialized program for developing leaders in government agencies that manage systemic risk. Master’s in Technology Management One-year business & leadership program designed exclusively for Yale College engineering students Joint Degrees Environment, Global Affairs, Medicine, Law, Public Health, Architecture, Drama, Divinity, PhD Silver Scholars for College Seniors Opportunity for college seniors to immediately pursue a Yale MBA. Doctoral Programs Accounting, Financial Economics, Marketing, Operations, and Organizations and Management The SOM Experience Centers & Initiatives The Broad Center Transformative leadership for public education Yale Center for Customer Insights Advancing the frontiers of consumer understanding International Center for Finance Support for research in financial economics Program on Entrepreneurship Creating entrepreneurs for business & society Program on Social Enterprise, Innovation, and Impact Harnessing business skills and markets for social objectives Program on Financial Stability Improving our understanding and management of systemic risk Swensen Asset Management Institute Furthering the study and practice of asset management Center for Business and the Environment Accelerating the transition to a just and thriving world Chief Executive Leadership Institute The world’s first school for CEOs Program on Stakeholder Innovation and Management Advancing stakeholder research, education, and practice to benefit business and society Thurman Arnold Project Research related to competition and antitrust enforcement Meng Impact Investment Fund Investing in ventures solving society’s biggest challenges Yale Center Beijing Developing leaders from all regions of the globe China India Insights Program Delivering new thinking on China, India, and emerging markets Initiative on Leadership and Organization Multidisciplinary understanding of leadership and organizations SOM Lab An interdepartmental behavioral lab Y-Rise Research Initiative on Innovation & Scale Developing the science behind scaling up policy interventions Faculty & Research Executive Education Executive Education Enhance your leadership and management skills Digital Programs Cutting-edge faculty insights available through the latest online learning tools For Individuals Find the right program for your leadership journey For Companies Top-quality training designed for the needs of your organization Participant Information Your questions answered Fellowship for Public Education Leadership Fellowship for Public Education Leadership Collaborator Programs Executive Education collaborator programs Veterans Benefits Yale SOM is proud to support funding opportunities for military professionals About us How we teach Community Discover a community of lifelong learners Contact Contact Executive Education Alumni About Main navigation - Extra myPortal Giving Career Development Yale Insights Animation description: The words Finance and Farmers independently slide in around a large ampersand. finance farmers Finance & Farmers Investors are ready to help scale regenerative agriculture, but their traditional financing models don’t work for many farmers. A Yale SOM student and alum partnered to interview financiers and farmers and assemble a report proposing a new approach. Our mission is to educate leaders for business & society. The drive to build successful organizations that make a difference inspires our curriculum, our approach to research, and our community. We seek students who care deeply about the problems afflicting our world. We equip them with the knowledge, the resources, and the networks to pursue positive and ambitious change. Degree Programs Executive Education Our Community Why Title IX Still Matters Jackie Peszynski ’24, co-chair of Yale SOM’s Title IX Working Group, looks back at the school’s third annual week of programming about Title IX and reflects on the legacy of the landmark law. February 27, 2024 MBA NBA Veteran Daryl Morey Talks ‘Moreyball’ and the Data Driving Basketball Morey, president of basketball operations for the Philadelphia 76ers, joined Yale SOM Dean Kerwin K. Charles in a discussion at the Yale School of Management on February 26. February 27, 2024 MBA Jasmine Peng ’24 February 21, 2024 Master’s in Asset Management Can ChatGPT Accelerate Social Science Research? Yale SOM’s Balázs Kovács and his co-authors spent years designing a computer-based method to measure “typicality.” In a new study, they found that ChatGPT could duplicate their results at a fraction of the cost. January 31, 2024 Yale Insights Shonterrio Harris ’23, senior manager of strategic partnerships at the Indianapolis Public Schools, describes his experience in Yale SOM's Master's In Public Education Management program, a 14-month program that helps highly motivated, accomplished K-12 education professionals grow as education leaders. The commercial space economy is developing quickly, but it will still be some time before private capital can move in to completely support early-phase research and development. So it’s public support that drives this innovation forward, whether it’s remote sensing capabilities to manage climate, better weather forecasting, new drugs, or new materials. —Sven Eenmaa ’98, director of investment and economic analysis at the International Space Station U.S. National Laboratory Paula J. Volent ’97 February 27, 2024 Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, The Rockefeller University Celebrating Women Who Make a Difference Yale SOM marks Women’s History Month and International Women’s Day with a myriad of events in March. March 1, 2024 Headlines More headlines I was looking for an MBA program with strong coursework on finance, operations, and other key topics, but also a community that understood the privilege of pursuing this degree and a desire to do something positive with it. I realized SOM was the right fit when I started talking to other admitted students and saw that many of them shared these values. Evi Lowman ’24 More profiles Our Faculty Our faculty are dedicated scholars who never shy from taking on the biggest and most complex problems facing our world. A Divided America Emboldens Putin’s Aggression Jeffrey A. SonnenfeldSteven Tian February 22, 2024 What the U.S. Has to Gain from Supporting Ukraine Jeffrey A. SonnenfeldSteven Tian February 15, 2024 Assembling an Economy in Space Sven Eenmaa February 13, 2024 What Happens When Unions Bargain for Social Justice? James N. BaronDaniel J. Julius February 9, 2024 How Connecticut Elevated Its Business Climate Margaret KeaneIndra NooyiJames SmithJeffrey A. Sonnenfeld February 8, 2024 Can ChatGPT Accelerate Social Science Research? Balázs KovácsGaël Le Mens January 31, 2024 How Boeing Can Restore Trust Jeffrey A. SonnenfeldSteven Tian January 30, 2024 El Salvador Adopted Bitcoin as an Official Currency; Salvadorans Mostly Shrugged David ArgenteDiana Van Patten January 29, 2024 What Does It Take to Build a Zero-Emission Hotel? Bruce Becker January 25, 2024 What the ‘Door Plug’ on Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 Tells Us about the Airline Industry Amy Fraher January 19, 2024 Previous Next See more insights Instagram LinkedIn Facebook YouTube Threads Yale School of Management Edward P. Evans Hall 165 Whitney Avenue New Haven, CT 06511-3729 Apply Now Get Yale SOM News Footer navigation Business & Society Programs Case Studies Giving Contact SOM Directory Alumni Directory Campus Groups Recruiters Yale Insights The Global Network Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility © Copyright 2024 Yale School of Management. All rights reserved.