Parents Television and Media Council | Parents Television Council Sex Education or My Little Pony? Scarce Family Programming on Streaming TV Leaves Few Options Because Our Children Are Watching Join the Cause Donate About Us Mission and Vision History of the PTC Board of Directors Annual Report Form 990 Audited Financials Contact Us Family & Reviews News Media Center PTC in the News Research & Publications Blog Children Matter. That's why we fight for them. SEARCH Latest News Take Action Press & Media Study: Families Need Not Subscribe PTC's latest research shows that most of the original content on streaming platforms is rated for mature audiences, leaving families in the lurch. There’s at least 268% more adult-only entertainment on streaming platforms than there is content that’s suitable for families. Read the Report Say "NO!" To Disney Decades ago, who would have guessed that Walt Disney’s “Magic Kingdom” would have turned into this! Petition to the Disney Board of Directors Sign Now! CAMPAIGN Screen Time Safety and Cyber Kindness Contract Use this “Screen Time Safety and Cyber Kindness Contract” to establish boundaries and expectations around your child's use of digital technology. Download PDF Netflix Reform Netflix and its board of directors are getting rich off of explicit content. Worse, they are desensitizing millions of viewers at home by asking them to be entertained by it. What kind of America are we creating for our kids? Stop Netflix from further exploiting children! Sign Learn More CAMPAIGN Ratings Reform The TV Content Ratings System is failing America’s children. The TV ratings were designed to help parents decide what is appropriate for their children. But this system clearly does not work, and the PTC is leading the way to fix it! You can make a difference! Sign Donate CAMPAIGN From the Blog TV is Going to hell Written by PTC | Published February 8, 2024 Move over Andy Griffith, Hollywood has a new favorite father figure: The devil. Continue Reading Apple’s New Journal App: What Parents Need to Know Written by PTC | Published January 30, 2024 Last month Apple made available the latest update to its operating system, iOS 17.2. Along with new customization and security features, the new iOS also downloads and automatically installs a new “Journal” app – and it already has child safety experts concerned. Continue Reading Current Shows All Creatures Great and Small PBS Love by Design UP TV The Chosen Netflix UP TV View All Take Action. Stay Informed. Family & Reviews News Blog Donate P.O. Box 4210, Burbank, CA 91503-4210 (800) 882-6868 (Toll Free) • info@parentstv.org © 2024 Parents Television and Media Council. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy