We are quality driven. | Mack Trucks Quality Driven. What makes a truck, a truck? Every driver needs something different from their truck. But they’re all driven by the same thing. Watch Video ▷ Style Padding-0 Quality where it counts. It takes more than a truck to earn our reputation. Uncompromising commitment to our customers is just one of the qualities that drives us. *Based on a 2023 survey of North American heavy duty (Class 8) truck owners. style header with mark Discover Our Legendary Lineup Anthem® Pinnacle™ Granite® LR / LRe TerraPro® MD / MDe EXPLORE TRUCKS Trucks built to work. On the road or at the jobsite, you need a partner you can trust. And you can count on Mack to get the job done every day. Macks are lighter and fuel-efficient, so they can do more. And they've got the power you need to take on tough jobs. FIND YOUR MACK BODY BUILDER PORTAL Build with confidence. Mack’s Body Builder Technical Support Group has all the expertise, tools and resources you need to spec a truck and run an upfit. VISIT THE BODY BUILDER PORTAL POWERTRAIN Meet the heart of an unbreakable truck. Mack was the first integrated truck and engine manufacturer. Because we control the powertrain tip to tip, we offer better performance, increased efficiency, and lower maintenance costs. A Mack® powertrain is built to handle anything. LEARN ABOUT POWERTRAINS FIND A DEALER Find your dealer. Mack’s dealer network is never far away from where you need it. FIND A DEALER NEAR YOU style header with mark, padding-0 Mack Connect Connect with the trusted data that drives productivity. Track performance, maximize uptime, increase efficiency, and simplify daily operations within the Mack Connect hub for every Mack powered vehicle in your fleet. Mack Connect is your single source for performance data, location tracking, operational analytics, and diagnostic insights in a unified dashboard designed to simplify your operations and drive profitability. Learn more Mack Stories Fleet Managers Drive the Mack MD Electric Mack MD Electric Ride & Drive in Sonoma, CA See Video Short Journeys Lead to Impressive Growth United Petroleum Transport depends on Mack Anthem® for hazmat transportation. Read Article Mack Trucks’ consistent quality fuels Silverline Group’s loyalty Reliability, dealer support, driver comfort and safety equal success Read Article style header with mark style header with mark, padding-0 Community For over than 100 years, Bulldog Magazine has been the source for all things Mack. Read Bulldog Magazine Great customers using great trucks and services to make their businesses awesome. View success stories Your source for authentic Mack apparel, accessories, collectibles, and more. Visit mackshop.com style header with mark, padding-0