INHOPE | Home Home Our Story The Facts Get Involved Partners Projects Events Articles Contact Happy to help What areyou looking for? No, thanks. Search! Report it! Fighting CSAM. A safe childhood. A global network. We are a global network of 54 member hotlines. Report it! We lead the fight against Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) online. We connect and support hotlines with funding from our valued partners. We promote legislative and policy development to support our vision. Your contribution counts. Reporting suspected child sexual abuse images or videos, including a sexually explicit image of a child, supports the fight against such material. Scroll down to see how. Inhope Find your hotline Akrotiri and Dhekelia Albania Angola Anguilla Argentina Ascension Islands Australia Austria Belgium Belize Bermuda Bosnia & Herzegovina Brasil British Virgin Islands Bulgaria Burundi Cambodia Cayman Islands Colombia Comoros Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark El Salvador Estonia Falklands Finland France Germany eco Germany FSM Germany jugendschutz.net Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Haiti Hungary Biztonsagosinternet Hungary Internet Hotline Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Italy Save The Children Italy Italy Telefono Azzurro Japan Kenya Latvia Liberia Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Romania Russia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain St Helena Sweden Taiwan Tanzania Thailand The Gambia Tristan Da Cunha Tunisia Turkey Turks and Caicos Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States of America Zambia Zimbabwe 01 You spotted possible CSAM on the internet 02 Select your location to be forwarded to your hotline 03 Report the content Get Support Today Prevent Child Sexual Abuse! Child Sexual Abuse Material consumption is considered as the viewing or downloading of any images or videos that show a child engaged in or depicted as being engaged in explicit sexual activity. Contact offences are those which involve direct contact of a sexual nature with a child. Prevention initiatives exist globally to tackle both. Get Support Anonymous support is available! Insights & articles What is Victim Identification? Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) is the evidence of a crime that has taken place. Investigators and victim identification specialists use this evidence to work out information about th (...) Meet the INHOPE Board, Heidi De Pauw Get to know the people behind INHOPE with our board member spotlight. Webinar: The INHOPE Annual Report 2023 2023 marked a year of rapid growth and progress for the INHOPE network. We expanded our Secretariat team and board, forged new partnerships, and welcomed several hotlines into our global (...) How can you use the Universal Classification Schema? The fight against child sexual abuse material (CSAM) is a critical global effort that demands collaboration and information sharing across all sectors and stakeholder groups. The Univers (...) Webinar Recap: User Empowerment within the Metaverse Elyse Lee, Head of Policy and Engagement at ZEPETO kicked off our 2024 Expert Insights Webinar series to provide a unique insight into how ZEPETO fosters safety by educating and empoweri (...) Meet Esme, INHOPE's Network Expansion & Partnerships Intern Get to know the people behind INHOPE with our team member spotlight. Webinar: How AI is being abused to create CSAM Artificial intelligence (AI) has opened doors for both opportunities and challenges in the online child protection landscape. It can offer many advantages in aiding hotlines in the ident (...) SID 2024: FSM is committed to a better internet To mark Safer Internet Day 2024 (SID) on February 6, the FSM and various partner organisations organised events to promote greater online safety and a better internet for children and yo (...) Meet the INHOPE Board, Seila Samleang Get to know the people behind INHOPE with our board member spotlight. Making a Difference – Global Awareness Initiatives for SID 2024 “Inspiring change? Making a difference, managing influence, and navigating change online”. The theme of Safer Internet Day (SID) 2024 resonates deeply with the fast-paced digital lan (...) Don't Miss out! Get immediate access today. What do you want to hear about? Upcoming events, current webinars, the latest trends, press releases, publications... the choice is yours! Sign up for our newsletter Get in touch viainfo@inhope.org Follow us online Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Funded by © 2023 INHOPE Association INHOPE (Co-Office), Bos- en Lommerplein 280, 1055RW, Amsterdam, The Netherlands Privacy policy Cookie policy info@inhope.org n/a Our partners This website uses cookies to improve your viewing experience. Click the link below to learn about our cookie policy. Learn more Accept all Manage Please select your cookie preferences. Click the link below to learn about our cookie policy. Functionally necessary Analytics Advertisement Learn more Accept all Save