Computer Science - Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam NL Sorry! De informatie die je zoekt, is enkel beschikbaar in het Engels. This programme is saved in My Study Choice. Something went wrong with processing the request. Something went wrong with processing the request. About VU Faculty of Science Computer Science The science behind the computers View our research Computer Science Our research program is concerned with understanding the foundations, the mechanisms, and the technologies for developing and deploying advanced information-processing systems. The last couple of decades have brought forth major changes to our society. Perhaps the most prominent one is the proliferation of computing devices. By 2021 it is safe to say that the number of computing devices exceeds the number of human beings in any given living or work space in the developed world. A closely related trend is that of connectivity. Devices and their owners are connected, forming a world wide web. The global network, also known as the Internet, is augmented by local ones in virtually all homes and offices. Our lives are not only interwoven with computers, but also inherently networked. It is this background that sets the scene for the Department of Computer Science. Mission of the Network Institute Network Institute: interdisciplinary research collaboration Visit About Computer Science Department Research sections Research in the Department of Computer Science is organised in the following domain related sections: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics Computer Systems and Security Sustainable Digital Society Theoretical Computer ScienceView our research sections Education programmes The department of Computer Science offers two Bachelor programmes.Artificial Intelligence Computer Science And five master programmes: Artificial Intelligence Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Computer Science Information Sciences Computer Security View our education programmes News 04 Mar 2024 Koen Hindriks in napnieuws.nl 29 Feb 2024 Quantitative Data Analytics group to participate in the DESTRESS consortium 19 Jan 2024 Francesc Verdugo and Henri Bal winners of the Sustainable Software 2023 call 17 Jan 2024 Societal role of AI 16 Jan 2024 Dr. Ivano Malavolta wins the Dutch Prize for ICT research 2024 News overview See also Accept all social media cookies to view this content Manage cookie settings More about Computer Science Partners and Research Centres Questions? Feel free to contact us Call +31 20 5981504 Or send an email to informatica.secretariaat.beta@vu.nl You will find Computer Science department on the 10th, 11th and 12th floor of the NU building. The building has two entrances, at De Boelelaan as well as at the Campus. For more about finding us click here or click the link below for Google maps. For campus address and general university contact information click here. Click here for the Campus map. VU Amsterdam, Faculty of Science NU building, 11A-43 De Boelelaan 1111 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands This website uses cookies Read full text You can accept all cookies or set your preferences per cookie category. You can always alter your choice by removing the cookies from your browser. VU Amsterdam and others use cookies to: 1) analyse website use; 2) personalise the website; 3) connect to social media networks; 4) show relevant advertisements. More information about the cookies we use This website uses cookies You can accept all cookies or set your preferences per cookie category. You can always alter your choice by removing the cookies from your browser. VU Amsterdam and others use cookies to: 1) analyse website use; 2) personalise the website; 3) connect to social media networks; 4) show relevant advertisements. More information about the cookies we use Accept all cookies Only functional cookies Set my preferences Cookie statement Cookie preferences You can accept all cookies or you can set your preferences per cookie category. You can always alter your choice by removing the cookies from your browser. See more information in the cookie statement. Accept all cookies Cookie statement Personal settings: Functional These cookies are used to ensure that our website operates properly. Analytics These cookies help to analyse the use of the website. These measurement data are subsequently used to improve the website. Personalisation These cookies are used to analyse how you use our website. This enables us to adapt our website content with information that suits your interests. Social media These cookies are placed by social media networks. For example, if you watch a YouTube video embedded in the website, or use the social media buttons on our website to share or like a post. This allows social media networks to track your internet behaviour and use that for their own purposes. Advertising These cookies are placed by advertising partners. They are used to show you relevant advertisements for Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam on other websites that you visit. They enable advertising networks to track your internet behaviour. Save Quick links Education Study guide Research University Library VU Press Office VUfonds Featured Ad Valvas VU Magazine Campus tour About VU About us Contact us Working at VU Amsterdam Faculties Divisions Privacy Statement Disclaimer Safety at VU Amsterdam Colofon Cookie Settings Web archive Copyright © 2024 - Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam