Home - Leave No Trace - Leave No Trace Why Leave No Trace Our Story Problems We Solve The 7 Principles Where We Work Our People Annual Reports & Financials Programs Spotlights Gold Standard Designation Youth Education Subaru/Leave No Trace Traveling Teams Science & Research Research Annual Grant Consulting Services Resources Get Trained Training Overview Online Training Instructor Training Recreational Training Get Involved Become a Member Become a Partner View Upcoming Events Training Courses Membership Join the Movement Member Benefits Member Resources Other Ways to Give Partnerships Corporate Partnership Community Partnership Tourism Partnership Agency Partnership News and Updates 2024 Global Summit Shop Donate Donate Training & Education: Leave No Trace training creates a world of Leave No Trace advocates, practitioners and stewards. > LEARN MORE Research & Science: We design and support ground-breaking research to inform new ways to protect our natural world. > LEARN MORE Partner With Us Together, we can advance the Leave No Trace movement and provide resources to reach more people. > LEARN MORE Attend the Leave No Trace Global SummitCome be a part of the event dedicated to protecting the places where we recreate and learn all about Leave No Trace.Join UsGold Standard ExpansionOur highest recognition, now available for outfitters and guides, educational programs, and youth programs!Gold Standard DesignationTeach Leave No TraceFind resources and guidance for level 1 and level 2 instructors.Learn More Previous slide Next slide Leave No Trace In The News The Burning Question: Is Our Savior Complex Killing Wildlife? > LEARN MORE 2024 Spotlight Locations Announced > LEARN MORE 256 A single person trained in Leave No Trace reaches 256 others in their lifetime with vital education to protect the outdoors. 5x Research shows that people trained in Leave No Trace are 5x more inclined to protect nature. 9/10 9 out of 10 people still need Leave No Trace skills and information to make a greater positive impact on the environment. Take the Free Online Training Course “Now more than ever, Leave No Trace feels vital for making a positive impact on nature. Their free educational tools illustrate how easy it is to become a part of the conservation movement and protect nature, and thus leading by example for our communities, friends, families, and other visitors.”-Gabaccia Moreno Give Now About Us Blog Events Press Kit Information Shop Partnership Membership Careers Partner Resources Contact En Español Brand Usage Privacy Policy Leave No Trace © All rights reserved 2024 Registered 501(c)(3). EIN: 84-1303335 © 2024 The Outdoors Need You Join the movement by making a donation today to protect our shared outdoor areas for generations to come. CLOSE EXIT WIN $600+ worth of Outdoor Gear from Big Agnes, REI & Yeti! Join, renew or donate through Monday, July 6th, for a chance to win the Big Agnes, REI & Yeti deluxe summer prize package! Learn More EXIT English中文 (简体)हिंदीFrançaisالعربية‏TagalogРусскийPortuguêsEspañol