H&R Block® Tax Filing Made Easy | File Taxes Online or In Person H and R block Skip to content Sign in to MyBlock Taxes File online Simple steps, easy tools, and help if you need it. File with a tax pro At an office, at home, or both, we’ll do the work. Tax Software Easy download, convenient filing, on your terms. Refund Status Audit & Tax Notice Support International locations Expat Tax Services Finances Spruce A mobile banking app for people who want to be good with money. Emerald Card® Access your money quickly, and get your refund and paycheck all on one card. Refund Transfer Emerald Card® Login Emerald Advance℠ Loan Refund Advance Emerald Savings® Small Business Small business tax prep File yourself or with a small business certified tax professional. Business formation Form your business and you could get potential tax savings. Bookkeeping Let a professional handle your small business’ books. Payroll Payroll services and support to keep you compliant. Resources Tax Calculator Tax Prep Checklist Tax Questions W-4 Calculator Where’s my refund Find my W-2 online Help Center News Center Find an office Search Sign in to MyBlock Sign in to your account Enter your username, email, or mobile number to get started. Username,email, mobile Continue OR Create Account Site navigation H and R block Get your max refund with Block or your money back File on your own File with a tax pro File taxes on my own Work with a tax pro Block Advisors for small businesses Start saving with Spruce Get your max refund with 100% Accuracy Guarantee Learn more about our guarantees 935 million+ tax returns worldwide 20 million+ filed with us in 2023 5 million+ switched to Block in 2023*Go to disclaimer for more details If you dig upfront, transparent pricing and the latest tech, Block is the place to file File taxes onyour own Starting at $ + per state filed simple returns only Start for free File yourself online any time, on any device. Self-paced tax prep for simple returns Easy doc upload from phone, computer, or tablet More forms for free than TurboTax® Learn more File your taxes withexpert help Starting at $ + per state filed Start with Deluxe Get real-time assistance at any step of your tax prep. Get help from a live expert & our AI Tax Assist NEW Designed for more complicated tax situations Options for deductions, investors, & self-employed Learn more At home, in office, or drop off Let a tax profile for you Starting at $89 + additional state fee Get started Work in-person or virtually & connect as needed. Expert support for unique tax situations Request to work with the same pro or get a new one Save time and securely drop off or upload tax docs Learn more UNLIMITED TAX HELP Get help from AI Tax Assist & live tax pros AI Tax Assist answers have been curated from H&R Block’s world-class Tax Institute. Ask unlimited questions and get unlimited support. Tax help included in Deluxe, Premium, and Self-Employed do-it-yourself products. Get started with Deluxe A solution for every tax payer Let us help you find the best tax prep option Help me choose Expertise in all things tax From help with current tax topics to complete tax identity theft protection, Block has you covered. Get started with a tax pro MyBlock MyBlock Manage your tax prep from anywhere with the MyBlock app. Check your return status, store and share records securely, plus access the power of tax pros at your fingertips all year. Tax Identity Shield Tax Identity Shield $35 If your tax identity is stolen, your refund could be affected. With H&R Block, we offer complete tax identity theft protection and restoration year-round. Make the most of your refund Deposit your federal tax refund to Spruce and you could get it up to 6 days early.0Go to disclaimer for more details Plus, savings and budgeting features with no monthly or sign-up fees. Explore Spruce Spruce fintech platform is built by H&R Block, which is not a bank. Spruce℠ Spending and Savings Accounts established at, and debit card issued by, Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to license by Mastercard®. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Apple and the Apple Logo are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC. Message and data rates may apply. Does not change IRS refund processing speed. Claim is based on making federal refunds available when payment instruction is received, which may be earlier than scheduled payment date. Depends on timing of the IRS’s payment file. Available only for federal refunds. May be changed or discontinued at any time. Total number of new customers using assisted or DIY tax solutions regardless of other prior tax preparer or method. Unlimited help is here if you need it Tax help included in Deluxe, Premium, and Self-Employed do-it-yourself products. Put the power of AI to work and get real-time assistance at any step of your tax prep. 24/7 generative AI chat Live tax pro help Get started with Deluxe Entity Deadline Reminder: S Corp and Partnership taxes are due March 15. Get started Offer details and disclosures Full Site Disclaimers Additional fees apply for tax expert support. File Online H&R Block Free Online is for simple returns only. Not everyone qualifies. All tax situations are different. Additional fees may apply. See available forms. Enrolled Agents do not provide legal representation; signed Power of Attorney required. Audit services constitute tax advice only. Consult an attorney for legal advice. Void where prohibited. Tax Software Personal state programs are $39.95 each (state e-file available for $19.95). Most personal state programs available in January; release dates vary by state. State e-file not available in NH. E-file fees do not apply to NY state returns. Additional disclaimer for business e-files: State e-file for business returns only available in CA, CT, MI, NY, VA, WI Retail Comparison based on starting price for H&R Block file with a tax pro (excluding returns that include Child Tax Credit or Earned Income Credit combined with interest and dividend forms) compared to TurboTax Full Service Basic price listed on TurboTax.com as of 3/16/23. Over 50% of our customers can save. All tax situations are different. Prices may vary by office and are subject to change. Participating locations only. TurboTax is a registered trademark of Intuit, Inc. Available only at participating H&R Block offices. CAA service not available at all locations. H&R Block does not provide immigration services. An ITIN is an identification number issued by the U.S. government for tax reporting only. Having an ITIN does not change your immigration status. You are required to meet government requirements to receive your ITIN. Additional fees and restrictions may apply. For tax years beginning after 2017, applicants claimed as dependents must also prove U.S. residency unless the applicant is a dependent of U.S. military personnel stationed overseas. A passport that doesn’t have a date of entry won’t be accepted as a stand-alone identification document for dependents. Supporting Identification Documents must be original or copies certified by the issuing agency. Original supporting documentation for dependents must be included in the application. Financial Services This is an optional tax refund-related loan from Pathward®, N.A.; it is not your tax refund. Loans are offered in amounts of $250, $500, $750, $1,250 or $3,500. Approval and loan amount based on expected refund amount, eligibility criteria, and underwriting. If approved, funds will be disbursed as directed to a prepaid card or checking account at Pathward. The loan amount will be deducted from your tax refund, reducing the refund amount paid directly to you. Tax returns may be e-filed without applying for this loan. Fees for other optional products or product features may apply. Limited time offer at participating locations. HRB Maine License No. FRA2. OBTP#13696-BR. ©2023 HRB Tax Group, Inc. H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® is issued by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to license by Mastercard. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Additional fees, terms and conditions apply; consult your Cardholder Agreement for details. ©2023 HRB Tax Group, Inc. Payroll, unemployment, government benefits and other direct deposit funds are available on effective date of settlement with provider. Please check with your employer or benefits provider as they may not offer direct deposit or partial direct deposit. Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies for check deposits versus electronic direct deposit. H&R Block Emerald Advance® line of credit, H&R Block Emerald Savings® and H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® are offered by Pathward, N.A., Member FDIC. Cards issued pursuant to license by Mastercard. Emerald AdvanceSM, is subject to underwriting approval with available credit limits between $350-$1000. Fees apply. Offered at participating locations. Promotional period 11/12/2022 – 1/7/2023. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. OBTP# B13696 ©2022 HRB Tax Group, Inc. When you use an ATM, in addition to the fee charged by the bank, you may be charged an additional fee by the ATM operator. See your Cardholder Agreement for details on all ATM fees. Emerald Card Retail Reload Providers may charge a convenience fee. Any Retail Reload Fee is an independent fee assessed by the individual retailer only and is not assessed by H&R Block or Pathward. Refund Transfer is an optional tax refund-related product provided by Pathward®, N.A., Member FDIC. Refund Transfer is a bank deposit product, not a loan. You can file your return and receive your refund without applying for a Refund Transfer. Payments you authorize from the account associated with your Refund Transfer will reduce the net proceeds of your refund sent to you. Fees apply. A qualifying expected tax refund and e-filing are required. Other restrictions apply; see terms and conditions for details. H&R Block Maine License Number: FRA2. OBTP#13696-BR ©2023 HRB Tax Group, Inc. Neither H&R Block nor Pathward charges a fee for Emerald Card mobile updates; however, standard text messaging and data rates may apply. US Mastercard Zero Liability does not apply to commercial accounts (except for small business card programs). Conditions and exceptions apply — see your Cardholder Agreement for details about reporting lost or stolen cards and liability for unauthorized transactions. The Check-to-Card service is provided by Sunrise Banks, N.A. and Ingo Money, Inc., subject to the Sunrise Banks and Ingo Money Service Terms and Conditions, the Ingo Money Privacy Policy, and the Sunrise Banks, N.A. Privacy Policy. Approval review usually takes 3 to 5 minutes but can take up to one hour. All checks are subject to approval for funding in Ingo Money’s sole discretion. Fees apply for approved Money in Minutes transactions funded to your card or account. Unapproved checks will not be funded to your card or account. Ingo Money reserves the right to recover losses resulting from illegal or fraudulent use of the Ingo Money Service. Your wireless carrier may charge a fee for data usage. Additional transaction fees, costs, terms and conditions may be associated with the funding and use of your card or account. See your Cardholder or Account Agreement for details. Transferring funds from another bank account to your Emerald Card may not be available to all cardholders and other terms and conditions apply. There are limits on the total amount you can transfer and how often you can request transfers. Pathward does not charge a fee for this service; please see your bank for details on its fees. Your wireless carrier may charge a fee for text messaging or data usage. Income Tax Course Enrollment in, or completion of, the H&R Block Income Tax Course or Tax Knowledge Assessment is neither an offer nor a guarantee of employment. Additional qualifications may be required. Enrollment restrictions apply. There is no tuition fee for the H&R Block Income Tax Course; however, you may be required to purchase course materials, which may be non-refundable. State restrictions may apply. The Income Tax Course consists of 63 hours of instruction at the federal level, 70 hours of instruction in Maryland, 81 hours of instruction in California, and 81 hours of instruction in Oregon. Additional time commitments outside of class, including homework, will vary by student. Additional training or testing may be required in CA, OR, and other states. Valid at participating locations only. Void where prohibited. This course is not open to any persons who are currently employed by or seeking employment with any professional tax preparation company or organization other than H&R Block. During the Income Tax Course, should H&R Block learn of any student’s employment or intended employment with a competing professional tax preparation company, H&R Block reserves the right to immediately cancel the student’s enrollment. The student will be required to return all course materials. CTEC# 1040-QE-2773 ©2023 HRB Tax Group, Inc. H&R Block has been approved by the California Tax Education Council to offer The H&R Block Income Tax Course, CTEC# 1040-QE-2773, which fulfills the 60-hour “qualifying education” requirement imposed by the State of California to become a tax preparer. A listing of additional requirements to register as a tax preparer may be obtained by contacting CTEC at P.O. Box 2890, Sacramento, CA 95812-2890; or at www.ctec.org. Need support? Customer help Find an office Search Tax Services Online tax filing File with a tax pro Tax software Second Look Review Peace of Mind Tax Identity Shield Audit & Tax Notice Support Expat tax services expat tax services Small Business Services Block Advisors Opens a new window. Small business taxes Opens a new window. Small business bookkeeping Small business payroll Business formation services Opens a new window. Wave Financial Opens a new window. Tax Tools & Resources MyBlock Tax calculator Tax prep checklist Tax questions Find my W-2 online Refund & payment options Tax payment center Where’s my refund? W-4 calculator Legal Terms Privacy notice Pathward privacy notice Financial Services Spruce Emerald Card Refund Transfer Emerald Advance Loan Refund Advance Emerald Savings Resources Customer help & support customer help and support Help Center Office locations office location list International locations international locations Reschedule or manage appt Reschedule and manage appointment Mobile apps Mobile apps Sitemap site map About H&R Block About us Make Every Block Better A Fair Shot Careers Buy or sell an office Income tax course News Center Investor relations Opens a new window. The Tax Institute Opens a new window. Guarantees Copyright © 2023-2024 HRB Digital LLC. All Rights Reserved. Bank products and services are offered by Pathward, N.A. All deposit accounts through Pathward are FDIC insured. Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Linkedin Your Privacy Choices