MarketingProfs | Improve your marketing right now. Marketing Training for Professionals. FREE Newsletter Podcast Contact Search PRO Individuals & Small Teams Enterprise Training Ask an Expert AI for Content Creators AI for Demand Gen Marketers AI for Digital Marketers Master Classes Working Webinars EVENTS Upcoming Events AI for Demand Gen Marketers AI for Digital Marketers GA4 Working Webinars B2B Forum RESOURCES Formats Articles Guides & Reports Infographics & Charts Learning Paths Podcasts Video Tutorials Webinars Discussion Forum Show All » Topics Most Recent Account-Based Marketing Advertising & Promotions Artificial Intelligence Branding Career Development Communications Content Marketing Customer Experience Demand Generation Email Marketing Event Marketing Marketing Management Marketing Strategy Martech Measurement & Analytics Public Relations SEO Social Media Marketing Websites Writing Show All » ADVERTISE SIGN IN SIGN UP GO PRO What's your marketing problem or question? Ask us! Your Quickest Path to Master B2B Marketing Your go-to for B2B Marketing Training and Consulting backed by data science, psychology, and—our secret weapon—real-world experience. Join 600,000+ marketers who rely on MarketingProfs for B2B know-how every day. Sign Up (it's free!) Marketing News In Your Inbox 4x a Week Get your B2B news delivered directly to your inbox, 4x a week with the MarketingProfs Today newsletter. Read more Previous Next B2B Marketing Training for 1-1000 that answers every question you have. (And even some you haven't thought of yet.) Whether you have a minute or an hour, you can learn what you need to know. INDIVIDUALS SMALL TEAMS ENTERPRISE B2B Marketing Events Spark Ideas, Create Connections, and Inspire Action Connect more deeply with marketing humans you trust. SEE ALL EVENTS Next-Gen Social: Unleashing AI for Epic Social Media SuccessMarch 6, 2024 — 12:00 PM ETReach your buyers where they hang out—social media—and let AI do the heavy work! Brooke Sellas (CEO of B Squared Media) uncovers AI tools and strategies to transform your social marketing, raise engagement, and grow your brand reputation... plus the ethical concerns that make or break brand trust with buyers.Content Marketing Friday ForumMarch 8, 2024 — 11:30 AM ETContent marketing is about more than just the content. Today's content is personalized to recipients and their customer journey, with AI tools speeding up the creation process. Join us to discover what's new in content marketing and how to take advantage of today's advancing technology. Sponsored by Canto.The Brand Benefits PlaybookMarch 12, 2024 — 2:00 PM ETTo position your company for growth and to stand up against competition, you need to understand how to use your brand's benefits. Join MarketingProfs CEO and Founder Allen Weiss for The Brand Benefits Playbook, a free webinar from MarketingProfs to explore insights from his latest book. Content From the Most Trusted Voices in B2B Marketing Get expert advice on content, branding, strategy, digital marketing, demand generation, and much more... SEE ALL CONTENT Caitlin Clingman | Article Content With Purpose: How to Elevate Your BrandMarch 1, 2024Infusing values-driven elements into content and campaigns can do more than just inform audiences about your products or services. Discover how you can communicate what your brand truly stands for. Stacey Hall | Article Ditch the Sales Script If You Want to Make More SalesMarch 1, 2024Most salespeople are required to learn sales scripts before contacting prospects. And to ensure all the information is conveyed exactly as the company prefers, they're discouraged from adding anything to the script. Basically, they're hired to be human commercials. No wonder it doesn't work. Judith Ingleton-Beer | Article B2B PR and Content Marketing Pros Have to Get Creative as Ad Spend DropsFebruary 29, 2024As ad spend stalls, PR and Marketing have the potential to receive a bigger share of annual budget. But what ramifications does a shift in budget allocation entail, and what opportunities await savvy, creative PR and marketing pros? Let's find out. Cathy Colliver | Article 10 Guiding Principles of Sales Enablement, Inspired by 'Nicolas Cage: Good or Bad?'February 28, 2024Sales enablement can feel worse than untangling a giant knot of half-burned-out Christmas tree lights. Luckily, a series of MarketingProfs articles undertook that metaphorical untangling. The lessons now unwound from that effort shine brightly as guiding principles of sales enablement. Shahar Silbershatz | Article How Corporate Comms Can Bridge the Gap With Business by Demonstrating ValueFebruary 27, 2024Demonstrating the link between investment in PR/corporate communications and business outcomes has always been hard. But proving value is getting easier. Here's what you need to know. Nick Mason | Article Three Data-Led Content Marketing Predictions for 2024February 23, 2024In the current environment, the pressure is on all marketers to produce results. Here are three predictions for how the coming year's standout content marketing performers will use data to their advantage. Grant Polachek | Article Why You Need a Brand Style Guide (Even If you Think You Don't)February 23, 2024Maybe you think you can coast without brand guidelines because your employees or contractors or customers implicitly understand your brand. They don't. Or maybe you think it's too expensive to create a guide. The reality? You can't afford not to. Natalie Szymiczek | Article Eight Steps to Ensure Brand Safety With Influencer MarketingFebruary 22, 2024B2B influencer marketing offers a unique opportunity to build credibility and trust among prospects and customers. Embrace it—but do so with the utmost care for brand safety. Follow these eight steps. Cory Munchbach | Article Your First-Party Data Journey: Key Milestones for Maximizing ValueFebruary 21, 2024Laying the groundwork for first-party data success means understanding the variables that shape the journey and the key milestones along the way. And here they all are. Chad S. White | Article Surveys, Polls, Forms, and Progressive Profiling: How to Write Questions That Deliver Valuable InsightsFebruary 20, 2024It sounds simple, but writing a good question and collecting reliable answers is harder than it seems—whether you're writing full-fledged survey instruments or quick questions for polls or forms. So here are six sets of expert tips and best-practices. Previous Next Learn, Connect, and Get Inspiration Get B2B Marketing Insight Delivered to Your Inbox YES, I WANT TO JOIN THE SQUAD! Leadership It isn't a role; it's a state of mind. MarketingProfs for Leaders (no matter your job title) SEE LEADERSHIP CONTENT MarketingProfs B2B ForumNovember 12, 2024 — 8:00 AM ETB2B Forum is the ultimate destination for marketers to discover how to drive growth, elevate brand reputation, prove ROI, and stay ahead of the ever-changing marketing curve. Featuring dozens of sessions, workshops, shenanigans, and more. Are you ready to experience the magic?The Brand Benefits PlaybookMarch 12, 2024 — 2:00 PM ETTo position your company for growth and to stand up against competition, you need to understand how to use your brand's benefits. Join MarketingProfs CEO and Founder Allen Weiss for The Brand Benefits Playbook, a free webinar from MarketingProfs to explore insights from his latest book.Beyond SEO: How Modern Content Marketing Powers GrowthFebruary 27, 2024 — 2:00 PM ETRelying on traditional SEO strategy might score you a few wins, but it's no longer sustainable on its own. It's time to think beyond SEO! Join expert marketer Amanda Natividad to learn how to round out your content marketing strategy with audience research to power growth beyond search ratings. ABOUT About Us RSS Feeds Newsletters SERVICES Training Subscriptions Enterprise Training Consulting Services B2B Forum PARTNERSHIPS Lead Gen & Sponsorships Event Sponsorships Write for Us Speak for Us HELP Contact Us Know-How Exchange FAQs Refund Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy © 2024 MARKETINGPROFS LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED × Sign in to start learning. Email Address Password Keep me signed in Forgot your password? SIGN IN Cancel Not yet a registered user? Sign up now. Sign in with your preferred account, below. × WHOA! Hold on a minute, friend. Over 600,000 marketers rely on MarketingProfs for B2B know-how every day. Don't miss out on the latest marketing tips and techniques, delivered right to your inbox.Subscribe today ... it's free! Work Email Address CONTINUE Already a registered user? Sign in now. Sign in with your preferred account, below.