American Council on Education You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page. Turn on more accessible mode Turn off more accessible mode Skip Ribbon Commands Skip to main content Turn off Animations Turn on Animations Toggle navigation It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. Sign InCreate Profile Programs & Services Spotlight Women's Leadership Speaker Series Explore previous event recordings, including the most recent webinar: Women of the Global Majority and Their Pathways to the Presidency. Learn More ​​​ Professional Learning & Communities ACE Fellows Program Council of Fellows ACE Learning Circles ACE Women's Network Institutional Transformation Internationalization Laboratory Learner Success Laboratory Learning Evaluations For Employers & Training Providers For Colleges & Universities For Students For Faculty The ACE National Guide The ACE Military Guide Annual Meeting Awards Sponsorship Opportunities Research & Insights Spotlight NOW AVAILABLE: The American College President Study: 2023 Edition The ninth edition of the American College President Study (ACPS) analyzes data from a survey of over 1,000 presidents, and profiles women presidents and presidents of color. Learn More Diversity & Inclusion Race and Ethnicity in Higher Education Campus Climate and Inclusion Minority Serving Institutions Women's Leadership Equity-Minded Leadership Post-SFFA v. Harvard & UNC Decision Resources Student Support & Success Campus Mental Health & Well-Being Broadening Pathways to Graduate Education Post-Traditional Learners Persistence and Completion Effective Teaching Internationalization & Global Engagement Comprehensive Internationalization Global Partnerships International Students Mapping Internationalization on US Campuses Senior Leaders & Teams Pulse Point Surveys American College President Study Data-Enabled Leadership Policy & Advocacy Spotlight dotEDU Live: Is Higher Education Act Reauthorization Finally Happening? ACE’s Emmanual Guillory, senior director of government relations, joins our hosts to talk about a variety of higher education topics in the federal government. Read more Budget and Appropriations A Brief Guide to the Federal Budget and Appropriations Process Campus Safety Resources on Title IX and Campus Sexual Assault Regulations Federal Financial Aid Health Care Department of Education and the Higher Education Act Immigration and International Students DACA and Dreamers Labor and Employment Law and the Courts Diversity in Admissions Science and Technology Tax and Finance Veterans Education and the GI Bill ​Contact Government Relations202-939-9355Contact Public Affairs202-939-9365HENA@acenet.edu Government Relations StaffAdvocacy Library2024 Policy Agenda Membership & Advancement Spotlight University of Pittsburgh Harnesses AI to Upgrade Infrastructure ACE member aims to exploit AI to design infrastructure that is both more durable and more affordable in two new projects at the university. Read More Joining ACE Why Join ACE? Benefits of Membership Member Spotlights Membership Services Purchase the Mailing List Pay Dues Member Directory Support ACE Why Give to ACE? Donate Now Corporate Engagement Affiliate Member Insights Foundation Support Sponsorship Opportunities 2024 ACE Presidents and Chancellors Summit ACE's Annual Meeting ​Contact Membership202-939-9340membership@acenet.edu​Contact Advancement202-939-9498​advancement@acenet.edu​JOIN ACE​ ​​​ News RoomPublicationsEventsBlogPODCASTAbout UsDonate American Council on Education Top Recent Event Type DescriptionsForm-Document Download FormsMarketing Interest AreasMaster Exit PopupACE Testimonials Site Contents American Council on Education It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again. Database ACE has created and will continue to update a list of institutions that have responded to FAFSA delays by taking action to extend the traditional May 1 deadline for admitted students to enroll. Read More Database Extending Enrollment and Financial Aid Deadlines Webinar March 13, 20243:00 p.m.–4:30 p.m. ET Discover how strategic planning and campus coalition building supported a successful application for the Carnegie Elective Classification for Community Engagement, and gain inspiration for applying in the 2026 cycle. Read More Webinar March 13, 20243:00 p.m.–4:30 p.m. ET The Process Is the Prize: Strategies to Build a Carnegie Elective Classification for Community Engagement Application Team Conference March 20, 20248:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET Join us in Washington, DC for the 2024 ACE Women’s Network Leadership Conference and Women’s Leadership Dinner as we come together to enhance momentum toward achieving gender and racial parity in higher education leadership. Read More Conference March 20, 20248:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m. ET 2024 ACE Women’s Network Leadership Conference Press Release March 4, 2024 ACE is proud to announce that Florida Atlantic University and University of California, Merced are the recipients of the 2024 ACE/Fidelity Investments Award for Institutional Transformation. Read More Press Release March 4, 2024 Florida Atlantic University and University of California, Merced Receive ACE/Fidelity Investments Award for Institutional Transformation News March 4, 2024 The school's chancellor and president has helped spur efforts to advance the lives of veterans and military families, promote excellence in interdisciplinary research, engineer public-private partnerships for economic development. Read More News March 4, 2024 TIAA Institute Honors Syracuse University's Kent Syverud with Hesburgh Award for Leadership Excellence in Higher Education Podcast March 1, 2024 Jon, Sarah, and Mushtaq are thrilled to speak with ACE Board member and American University President Sylvia Burwell as she prepares to finish out her final year at the helm of the Washington, DC, campus. Read More Podcast March 1, 2024 FAFSA Glitches Leave Students, Colleges in Limbo Press Release February 28, 2024 ACE has selected 26 emerging college and university leaders for the 2024-25 class of the ACE Fellows Program, the longest-running leadership development program in the United States. Read More Press Release February 28, 2024 ACE Names 26 Emerging Higher Education Leaders to ACE Fellows Program News February 26, 2024 With just days to go until the 2024 ACE Presidents and Chancellors Summit kicks off, ACE is pleased to announce the two final major speakers of the inaugural event. Read More News February 26, 2024 Maryland Governor Wes Moore, UMBC President Emeritus Freeman Hrabowski to Speak at ACE Presidents and Chancellors Summit News February 23, 2024 ACE and 16 other higher education associations filed an amicus brief supporting Emory University in a case questioning whether colleges can be held liable for student suicides without prior knowledge of the student's intentions. Read More News February 23, 2024 ACE Leads Higher Ed Coalition in Amicus Brief Supporting Emory in Student Suicide Case Podcast February 22, 2024 ACE’s Emmanual Guillory, senior director of government relations, joins hosts Jon Fansmith and Sarah Spreitzer to talk about the College Cost Reduction Act—the new Higher Education Act reauthorization bill from House Republicans. Read More Podcast February 22, 2024 dotEDU Live: Is Higher Education Act Reauthorization Finally Happening? News February 16, 2024 ​A growing number of colleges and universities, public and private, are taking action to help admitted students have adequate time to compare financial aid offers in the wake of the Department of Education’s rollout of the new FAFSA form. Read More News February 16, 2024 Colleges Extend Deadlines Amid FAFSA Troubles; Department of Education Unveils Additional Relief Measures Podcast February 8, 2024 Nicholas Dirks joins Jon, Sarah, and Mushtaq to discuss his new book City of Intellect and his time as chancellor of University of California, Berkeley. Read More Podcast February 8, 2024 Beyond Berkeley: Lessons from a University Chancellor on the Front Lines News February 5, 2024 The House Education and the Workforce Committee voted to pass the College Cost Reduction Act, an overhaul of federal student aid, lending, repayment, and accreditation processes meant to be a significant step toward reauthorizing the Higher Education Act. Read More News February 5, 2024 House Education Committee Approves College Cost Reduction Act News January 31, 2024 ​The Education Department has announced that higher education institutions and states can expect to receive applicant information from the new FAFSA in the “first half of March,” backtracking on their commitment to deliver the information in January. Read More News January 31, 2024 Higher Ed Groups Urge Flexible Enrollment and Financial Aid Deadlines in the Wake of FAFSA Delays Statement January 31, 2024 Due to the continued delays in the availability of FAFSA applicant data announced by the U.S. Department of Education, we encourage colleges and universities to provide flexibility to students and families. Read More Statement January 31, 2024 Joint Statement on Extending Financial Aid, Enrollment Deadlines Podcast January 25, 2024 Hosts Jon Fansmith and Sarah Spreitzer discuss how the 2024 presidential election might impact higher education and look ak problems with the new FAFSA, the latest House Higher Education Act reauthorization bill, short-term Pell, and more. Read More Podcast January 25, 2024 dotEDU Live: New Year, Same Congress—What’s Next for Higher Ed? News January 22, 2024 ​Institutions can still register to administer the 2024 Higher Education Research Institute surveys and gain access to unique and actionable insights into their students, faculty, and staff. Read More News January 22, 2024 Still Time to Access Suite of HERI Survey Tools, Student Experience Data, and More News January 19, 2024 Rep. Virginia Foxx (R-NC), chairwoman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, has introduced a comprehensive bill that aims to overhaul the student loan process and restrain college costs. Read More News January 19, 2024 The College Cost Reduction Act: What You Need to Know News January 16, 2024 Seats are now available for the Women’s Network Leadership Conference and dinner March 20 in Washington, DC. Read More News January 16, 2024 Register Now for 2024 ACE Women’s Network Leadership Conference Member Spotlight January 16, 2024 The University of Pittsburgh (Pitt), an ACE member, is using artificial intelligence (AI) to reimagine infrastructure design in a pair of innovative projects. Read More Member Spotlight January 16, 2024 University of Pittsburgh Harnesses AI to Upgrade Infrastructure News January 11, 2024 ACE is excited to announce that Nick Anderson is joining the Council as vice president for Higher Education Partnerships and Improvement. Read More News January 11, 2024 Leading Higher Education Journalist Nick Anderson to Join ACE, Will Head Comprehensive Engagement Efforts Podcast January 11, 2024 Jon, Sarah, and Mushtaq are thrilled to speak with ACE Board member and American University President Sylvia Burwell as she prepares to finish out her final year at the helm of the Washington, DC, campus. Read More Podcast January 11, 2024 AU President Shares Challenges, Triumphs of Presidency News January 8, 2024 ACE and a coalition of higher ed associations have submitted comments to DHS in response to the proposed rule “Modernizing H-1B Requirements, Providing Flexibility in the F-1 Program, and Program Improvements Affecting Other Nonimmigrant Workers.” Read More News January 8, 2024 ACE, Higher Ed Groups Submit Comments on Proposed H-1B Rule Changes News December 18, 2023 ACE and USC’s Pullias Center for Higher Education have developed a suite of research and resources, concluding with a convening, aimed at helping leaders on campuses address diversity and equity challenges from the top down—making equity everyone’s work. Read More News December 18, 2023 Multi-year Project Helps Colleges Build a Culture of Shared Equity Leadership News December 18, 2023 ​Last week, the House Education and the Workforce Committee voted to move forward two bills impacting institutions of higher education: the Bipartisan Workforce Pell Act and the A Stronger Workforce for America Act. Read More News December 18, 2023 House Committee Approves Bills on Short-Term Pell, WIOA Reauthorization News December 18, 2023 ​ACE and 17 other associations sent a letter Dec. 14 supporting a Federal Communications Commission proposal to restore open Internet rules. Read More News December 18, 2023 ACE, Higher Education Associations Advocate for Restoring Open Internet Rules Member Spotlight December 14, 2023 Florida Atlantic University's new School of Environmental, Coastal, and Ocean Sustainability addresses escalating climate challenges by studying the interaction between the environment and populated areas around its six campuses. Read More Member Spotlight December 14, 2023 Florida Atlantic University Establishes School Devoted to Environmental Sustainability Podcast December 14, 2023 The overarching theme is working through the chaos in Washington, and the lineup includes student loan forgiveness, the Supreme Court's decision on race in admissions, institutional accountability, the uptick in international students, and more. Read More Podcast December 14, 2023 dotEDU Live: The Year in Higher Education Policy News December 11, 2023 In partnership with ACE and nine other higher education organizations, IDP Connect has launched a survey to identify collective priorities to ultimately design a comprehensive national strategy for international education. Read More News December 11, 2023 Survey Seeks to Define U.S. International Education Strategy News December 11, 2023 ​The House Education and the Workforce committee is scheduled to mark up a bill Dec. 12 that would provide Pell Grant funding for short-term programs, but includes problematic measures to offset the cost of the expansion. Read More News December 11, 2023 House Committee to Mark Up Short-Term Pell Grant Bill Press Release December 6, 2023 ACE has partnered with Credential Engine to integrate ACE’s extensive database of college credit recommendations with the nonprofit’s Credential Registry to lead more people seeking higher ed and career opportunities to the most successful pathway. Read More Press Release December 6, 2023 ACE and Credential Engine Partner to Help Learners Access Wide Range of College Credit Recommendations Podcast December 5, 2023 ACE President Ted Mitchell dives into the upcoming changes to the renowned Carnegie Classifications along with Timothy Knowles, president of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Read More Podcast December 5, 2023 Carnegie Classifications Reimagined News December 4, 2023 ​ACE and 17 other organizations sent a letter Monday to House leadership opposing the Defending Education Transparency and Ending Rogue Regimes Engaging in Nefarious Transactions (DETERRENT) Act, which the House is scheduled to vote on this week. Read More News December 4, 2023 ACE, Higher Ed Groups Oppose the DETERRENT Act News November 27, 2023 ​A Q&A with Michele Spires, assistant vice president of ACE Learning Evaluations Read More News November 27, 2023 Bridging the Skills Gap: The Promise of Learning and Employment Records News November 20, 2023 The Education Department has announced a timeline for its long-awaited overhaul of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), which aims to simplify the application process and broaden access to financial aid. Read More News November 20, 2023 ACE, Groups Urge FSA to Work With the Higher Education Community to Ensure Smooth Transition to New FAFSA Press Release November 16, 2023 ACE and IIE announced a new partnership to co-design programmatic offerings that will address escalating challenges in higher education internationalization and serve the evolving internationalization needs of diverse higher education institutions. Read More Press Release November 16, 2023 ACE, IIE Announce New Partnership to Co-Design and Scale International Education Programming Podcast November 16, 2023 Hosts Jon Fansmith and Sarah Spreitzer are joined by their ACE colleague Steven Bloom to discuss how the never-ending threats of a government shutdown are impacting funding legislation for higher education. Read More Podcast November 16, 2023 dotEDU Live: The Pre-Thanksgiving Policy Roundup News November 13, 2023 US military learners have distinct ways of engaging in higher ed, according to ACE’s new brief, which offers insight into who these learners are, how to help increase their use of available benefits, and how to improve their outcomes. Read More News November 13, 2023 ​Military Learners Are Diverse, Face Unique Challenges News November 13, 2023 Along with CUPA-HR and a number of other higher education associations, ACE submitted comments Nov. 7 on the Department of Labor’s plan to update the salary level to qualify for the so-called “white-collar” exemptions. Read More News November 13, 2023 ACE, CUPA-HR, Other Groups File Comments on Labor Department Plan to Update Overtime Salary Levels News November 13, 2023 The House Committee on Education and the Workforce last week voted to approve the DETERRENT Act, a bill to amend Section 117 of the Higher Education Act and create massive new reporting requirements regarding foreign funding to colleges and universities. Read More News November 13, 2023 House Committee Approves Foreign Influence Bill Podcast November 2, 2023 SJSU President Cynthia Teniente-Matson joins the podcast to talk about her first year at the California campus in the heart of Silicon Valley, particularly how to create equitable spaces at public institutions. Read More Podcast November 2, 2023 Equity and Inclusion in Silicon Valley and Beyond Press Release November 1, 2023 ACE and the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching have announced a series of changes to modernize the Carnegie Classifications, the framework used for five decades to classify American colleges and universities. Read More Press Release November 1, 2023 Carnegie Classifications to Make Major Changes in How Colleges and Universities Are Grouped and Recognized, Set Clear Threshold for Highest Level of Research Member Spotlight October 31, 2023 Effective career skills development can be tricky for some traditional postsecondary institutions, but ACE member Gettysburg College is tackling this challenge through a new initiative called the Gettysburg Approach. Read More Member Spotlight October 31, 2023 Gettysburg College’s Guided Pathways Connects Students’ Co-Curricular Experiences and Career Goals Statement October 30, 2023 We appreciate the actions announced today by the Biden administration to help campuses combat the rising wave of antisemitic incidents and threats of violence against Jewish students. Read More Statement October 30, 2023 Statement by ACE President Ted Mitchell on Biden Administration Actions to Help Campuses Combat Antisemitic Incidents News October 30, 2023 ACE has published a new brief to help guide higher education leaders on how to best support the higher education community and beyond as student mental health concerns on campuses continue to rise. Read More News October 30, 2023 New Brief Gives Guidance on Top Student Mental Health Issues for Higher Ed Leaders News October 30, 2023 Following on the heels of a final rule on gainful employment and financial value transparency, ED last week unveiled a package of regulatory reforms aimed at giving the department more tools to hold high-risk educational institutions accountable. Read More News October 30, 2023 ED Releases New Rules on Institutional Accountability, Including Withholding Transcripts News October 30, 2023 ​ACE is now accepting applications for five of its annual awards, and deadlines are fast approaching. Read More News October 30, 2023 Applications Open for Annual ACE Awards Podcast October 19, 2023 Hosts Jon Fansmith and Sarah Spreitzer discuss the House speaker race and its implications for the packed agenda—such as the ongoing spending battle—in Congress, as well as its impact on the Biden administration. Read More Podcast October 19, 2023 dotEDU Live: Chaos in Congress and the Higher Ed Agenda News October 16, 2023 ​The application deadline for the ACE Fellows Program--the nation's premier higher education leadership development program—is quickly approaching. Read More News October 16, 2023 Applications Still Open for 2024-2025 ACE Fellows Cohort News October 10, 2023 ACE and other higher education groups sent a letter last week to the Department of Labor to educate and focus staff on the issue of college student mental health, which hasn’t received the same level of attention as youth mental health at the K-12 level. Read More News October 10, 2023 Associations Urge Administration to Prioritize Mental Health Care for College Students News October 10, 2023 ACE and a coalition of other higher education associations submitted comments to the DOJ on a proposed rule regarding digital accessibility requirements under the ADA. Read More News October 10, 2023 ACE, Higher Education Associations Advocate for Extended Compliance Period for Digital Accessibility Rule News October 9, 2023 ACE gathered a group of college presidents, leaders, and associations last month in Washington, DC, to address the gender disparity in higher education leadership. Read More News October 9, 2023 ACE Summit Refines Strategies to Advance Women in Higher Education Leadership Podcast October 5, 2023 Scott Jaschik, formerly of Inside Higher Ed, joins the podcast to talk about what he sees as the top 10 leading trends shaping higher education this year and his predictions for what’s ahead. Read More Podcast October 5, 2023 Higher Ed Trends to Watch with Scott Jaschik ACE Learning Evaluations ACE Description ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​We help people achieve their college and career goals by validating learning and skills developed outsi​de the classroom and helping students apply what they know toward a degree or other opportunity. CREDIT EvaluationsExplore ways to gain college credit for workplace learning and alternative educational experiences. Learn more The ACE National GuideMilitary EvaluationsPut your military training and experience to use to further your educational and career goals. Learn More The ACE Military GuideGEDThe GED Testing Service, a joint venture with Pearson, opens doors to college programs and employment opportunities. Visit GED.com ACE's MissionACE is a membership organization that mobilizes the higher education community to shape effective public policy and foster innovative, high-quality practice. American Council on EducationOne Dupont Circle NW Washington, DC 20036 202-939-9300 Washington Higher EducationsecretariatACE convenes higher education organizations through the Washington Higher Education Secretariat (WHES). Contact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyVisit ACEDonateCareers © American Council on Education Sign up for Higher Ed News Be the first to learn about industry news, our advocacy work, and our programs and services helping institutions better serve students, faculty, staff, and communities. 14 500 460