Movie Reviews, TV Reviews, Game Reviews, and Music Reviews - Metacritic X Close Ad Games Explore Games Games Home 2023 Game Awards Tracker Xbox Game Pass Best Games This Year Best Games of All Time Upcoming Releases New PS5 Games New Xbox Series X/S Games New PC Games New Switch Games See All New Games New & Upcoming Games Free & Subscription Games Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth Expeditions: A MudRunner Game The Outlast Trials WWE 2K24 Star Wars: Dark Forces Remaster Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons Remake Skull and Bones Helldivers 2 See All Movies Explore Movies Movies Home Movie Release Calendar DVD/Blu-ray: New & Upcoming Best Movies This Year Best Movies of All Time Best Movies on Netflix Best Movies on Hulu Best Movies on Prime Video Best Movies on Max Best Movies on Paramount+ See All New Movies in Theaters MARCH MOVIE PREVIEW Dune: Part 2 Drive-Away Dolls Ordinary Angels Madame Web Bob Marley: One Love About Dry Grasses Io Capitano Argylle See All TV Shows Explore TV TV Home Best TV Shows This Year Apple TV+: New & Upcoming Disney+: New & Upcoming Hulu: New & Upcoming Max: New & Upcoming Netflix: New & Upcoming Paramount+: New & Upcoming Peacock: New & Upcoming Prime Video: New & Upcoming See All New TV Shows MARCH TV PREVIEW TV PREMIERE CALENDAR RENEW/CANCEL SCORECARD The Gentlemen The Regime The Tourist S2 The Completely Made-Up Adventures of Dick Turpin Elsbeth American Conspiracy: The Octopus Murders Shogun See All Music New Albums Jesus and Mary Chain: Glasgow Eyes Kim Gordon: The Collective ScHoolboy Q: Blue Lips Liam Gallagher & John Squire: s/t Hurray for the Riff Raff: The Past Is Still Alive MGMT: Loss of Life Jennifer Lopez: This Is Me ... Now Grandaddy: Blu Wav Idles: Tangk Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign: Vultures 1 See All News Register Register New and Notable Dune: Part Two movie Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 62 Critic Reviews 79 Final Fantasy VII Rebirth game Metascore Universal Acclaim Based on 128 Critic Reviews 92 The Regime tv show Metascore Mixed or Average Based on 33 Critic Reviews 57 WWE 2K24 game Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 31 Critic Reviews 82 The Gentlemen tv show Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 6 Critic Reviews 64 Spaceman movie Metascore Mixed or Average Based on 33 Critic Reviews 57 The Completely Made-up Adventures of Dick Turpin tv show Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 13 Critic Reviews 70 The Tourist: Season 2 season Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 10 Critic Reviews 78 The Outlast Trials game Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 9 Critic Reviews 80 Expeditions: A MudRunner Game game Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 11 Critic Reviews 79 Elsbeth tv show Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 14 Critic Reviews 70 Shogun (2024) tv show Metascore Universal Acclaim Based on 38 Critic Reviews 84 American Conspiracy: The Octopus Murders tv show Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 5 Critic Reviews 73 Skull and Bones game Metascore Mixed or Average Based on 41 Critic Reviews 60 Helldivers 2 game Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 63 Critic Reviews 82 Editorial Spotlight Every Denis Villeneuve Movie, Ranked Jason Dietz Before French-Canadian filmmaker Denis Villeneuve earned the attention of sci-fi fans with excellent Dune and Blade Runner films, he made a name for himself with crime thrillers and indie dramas. Here, we rank every one of his films to date from worst to best by Metascore. movie March Movie Preview (2024) Keith Kimbell The month ahead will bring a conclusion to the Dune saga, a Ghostbusters sequel, an indie comedy with terrific early reviews, and more. To help you plan your moviegoing options, our editors have selected the most notable films releasing in March 2024. movie March 2024 TV Preview Jason Dietz The month ahead will bring a series adaptation of a sci-fi best-seller from the team behind Game of Thrones, HBO's latest Kate Winslet miniseries, an animated take on X-Men, and more. tv show 2024 Movie Release Calendar Jason Dietz Find release dates for every movie coming to theaters, VOD, and streaming throughout 2024 and beyond, updated weekly. movie Every Marvel Movie, Ranked From Worst to Best Jason Dietz (Updated February 2024) We rank every Marvel Comics film--including films from outside the MCU--from worst to best by Metascore. movie What to Watch on Netflix Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to Netflix, updated frequently. You can also find a list of titles leaving Netflix this month. tv show Latest Videos Boy Kills World movie Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 4 Critic Reviews 69 Metascore Generally Favorable Based on 4 Critic Reviews 69 2:26 Now Playing: Boy Kills World 2:32 Now Playing: Road House (Australia Trailer 1) 2:24 Now Playing: Asphalt City 2:25 Now Playing: Deadpool & Wolverine (UK Teaser Trailer 1) 1:57 Now Playing: Twisters (UK Trailer 1) Games Games Home New Releases Top Critics' Picks Most Popular Movies Movies Home New Releases Top Critics' Picks Most Popular TV Shows TV Home New Releases Top Critics' Picks Most Popular The Gold Standard in Critical Analysis The Metascore Breakdown We collect reviews from the world's top critics.Each review is scored based on its overall quality.The summarized weighted average captures the essence of critical opinion. Learn More Latest News DVD/Blu-ray Releases: New & Upcoming Jason Dietz Find a list of new movie and TV releases on DVD and Blu-ray (updated weekly) as well as a calendar of upcoming releases on home video. movie 2024 Movie Release Calendar Jason Dietz Find release dates for every movie coming to theaters, VOD, and streaming throughout 2024 and beyond, updated weekly. movie Notable Video Game Releases: New and Upcoming Jason Dietz Find release dates and scores for every major upcoming and recent video game release for all platforms, updated weekly. game New Free & Subscription Games for All Platforms Jason Dietz Our frequently updated list shows the latest free games available from Epic Games Store, IndieGala, Steam, Fanatical, GOG, and more as well as new and upcoming titles added to subscription services like Game Pass, PlayStation Plus, Prime Gaming, and Humble. game Every Denis Villeneuve Movie, Ranked Jason Dietz Before French-Canadian filmmaker Denis Villeneuve earned the attention of sci-fi fans with excellent Dune and Blade Runner films, he made a name for himself with crime thrillers and indie dramas. Here, we rank every one of his films to date from worst to best by Metascore. movie What to Watch on Max Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to Max--plus all of the titles leaving the streaming service this month--updated frequently. tv show What to Watch on Paramount+ Right Now Jason Dietz Find a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added to Paramount+ and Paramount+ With Showtime, plus a list of titles coming soon to the streaming services. tv show March TV Preview (2024) Jason Dietz The month ahead will bring a series adaptation of a sci-fi best-seller from the team behind Game of Thrones, HBO's latest Kate Winslet miniseries, an animated take on X-Men, and more. tv show What to Watch on Prime Video Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to Amazon's Prime Video, updated frequently. tv show What to Watch on Peacock Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to the Peacock streaming service, updated frequently. tv show What to Watch on Netflix Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to Netflix, updated frequently. You can also find a list of titles leaving Netflix this month. tv show What to Watch on Hulu Right Now Jason Dietz Get a list of the best movies and TV shows recently added (and coming soon) to Hulu, updated frequently. tv show Overview About Help Center Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Settings Follow Us Video and Images from IVA & Xperi Movie title data and credits provided by © 2024 FANDOM, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Explore Other Brands Video and Images from IVA & Xperi Movie title data and credits provided by © 2024 FANDOM, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.