Pace Technologies (Pvt.) Ltd - Innovating with AI, Blockchain, IoT, and More Product Service Portfolio About Request for Demo Artificial Intelligence PaceTech PaceTech Blockchain IoTs PaceTech PaceTech Business Intelligence PaceTech PaceTech Management Information System PaceTech PaceTech Artificial Intelligence Blockchain Business Intelligence MIS Made by Head Office 3136, DHA II, Islamabad +92 (51) 2725761 www.pacetec.net About Us Welcome To Pace Technologies Technology-based governance is the major requirement of today PaceTech is cutting-edge technology company, we specialize in delivering state-of-the-art solutions that redefine possibilities. Our team of seasoned experts combines technical prowess with creative thinking to address the complex challenges of today's digital landscape. Over the past decade, PaceTech have remained committed to driving technological advancement through AI/ML and IT solutions. Whether you're looking for transformative business applications, robust IT infrastructure, or groundbreaking AI implementations, we’ve the expertise to propel your organization into the future. 11 Years Experience ISO 27001:2022 Certified Our Offered Services Innovative & Reliable AI/ML Revolutionizing industries, powering innovation for a smarter and decentralized future. Read More Business Intelligence Elevate decisions with Business Intelligence: Insights that drive success in a data-driven world. Read More Blockchain/IoTs Connecting the world with smart solutions for a seamless and efficient future Read More Analytical Dashboard Visualize insights, empower decisions for optimized performance and growth. Read More Healthcare Solutions Transforming lives through innovation, technology, and compassionate care. Read More MIS Development Streamlining operations, enhancing efficiency, and powering informed decision-making. Read More Software Development Crafting solutions, driving innovation, and shaping the digital future. Read More Android/IOS Powering seamless experiences, connecting users worldwide with intuitive mobile solutions. Read More What we delivered? Our Success Stories Smart Review Inteligent Systematic Review Vaccine Immunization Management System is a system to respond to COVID-19 .... Read More Smart HospitalNet Hospital Management Info System Real-time System for EPI vaccine and immunization management .... Read More Smart PIN Pharma Inventory Network PaceTech develops Health related MIS to generate .... Read More Smart LIMS Lab Info Management System We have conducted several large scale Monitoring & Evaluation systems. Most of .... Read More CERV Electronic Immunization Registry We build customized analytical dashboards to let you consolidate the most needed... Read More EPI MIS Immunization Management System We integrate existing web application and mobile apps.... Read More WebGIS & Maps WebGIS & Thematic Maps PaceTech develops flexible, web-based open-source .... Read More LHW Digital Diary LHW Digital Diary We develops mobile apps that collect information directly form fields in specific tools .... Read More Our Journey of Achievements! In 2013, Pace Technologies began its quest in Islamabad, swiftly evolving from mastering Management Information Systems to a cornerstone of global technology. By 2015, partnerships with UKAID set the stage for a broader impact, further amplified in 2018 through collaborations with giants like WHO, UNICEF, USAID, UNDP, and the Global Fund. Year 2020 marked a significant milestone with the successful deployment of COVIM, a critical COVID-19 Vaccine Inventory Management System, across Pakistan. Embracing the future, PaceTech shifted its focus to AI and Machine Learning in 2021, opening new horizons in health systems across Jordan, Malaysia and Geneva. This journey mirrors an unwavering commitment to innovation and global health advancement. Read More Mobile Apps Our Featured Mobile Apps Vaccine Inventory Management CoVentory (5,000+ Downlaods) Electronic Immunization Registry CERV (5,000+ Downlaods) Campaign Data Collection TCV SIA (1,000+ Downlaods) LHW Monthly Reporting LHW MIS Sindh (1,000+ Downlaods) LHW Digital Diary LHW Diary (1,000+ Downlaods) Monitoring & Supervision Visits M&S Visits (1,000+ Downlaods) Our Clients Why Make Us Your Choice? Agile Development We adhere to Agile methodologies to deliver high-quality software solutions that streamline processes and enhance productivity. Dedicated Development Team We allocate dedicated teams to each of our projects, ensuring seamless implementation of the latest methodologies to enhance efficiency. Customer Satisfaction We attain complete customer satisfaction by actively involving our clients throughout the product development and delivery process. Quality Deliverance We follow the best industry practices to uphold the quality of delivered products and achieve the excellence our clients expect. Quick Links Home About Us Our Services Latest Blog Contact Us Head Office Office # 3136, World Trade Center, Islamabad Pakistan +92 (51) 272 5761 +92 (322) 540 2775 sales@pacetec.net Branch Office Khobar 31952, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia +966 (50) 842 0888 +966 (13) 887 7577 Ext : 100 sales@pacetec.net Follow Us Let's keep in Touch © Pace Technologies (Pvt.) Ltd All Rights Reserved.