Ocado: Online Groceries, Supermarket Savings, M&S and more Oh dear, it looks like your browser is out of date.For security, you need to update your browser before shopping with us. Or, try shopping on our smartphone and tablet app. Hello there. Please enable JavaScript. We regularly develop our site to make it simpler and better. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to make sure you can always use our site. Why not use our award-winning tablet and smartphone app? Skip to main navigation Skip to category navigation Skip to content Skip to Trolley Skip to Search Help Centre Search recommendations Recommended brands Recommended products Find a list of products Use a list Find a listof products Close Type in a list of products and we will find them for you. Search Finding products with a list is really easy. Simply type in an item and hit the “Enter” button after each one.Once you've made your list, we can use it to find all the items that you want. Checkout Checkout Minimum spend of £40 Below min. order To check out, your trolley needs to be £40 for delivery View trolley Book a delivery Log in Register Mini trolley toggle button £0.00 savings £0.00 0 Previous Previous Your trolley is empty Book a delivery View full trolley Browse Shop Favourites Offers All Offers Ocado Coupons Meal Deals Bundle Offers Half Price Big savings on big brands and more. Shop now Mix and match 5 frozen items. Shop now Find dazzling deals on selected wine. Shop now £12 Mix & Match on fish, beef and more. Shop now Get saving with 50% off at Ocado. Shop now Inspire Me New Recommended For You Recipes Ocado Own Range M&S at Ocado In Season Gourmet Food Market Conscious Choices Vegan Shop Brands We Love Find something lovely in our M&S shop. Shop now Have a smashing Easter. Shop now The sparkling spring clean shop. Shop now Small Brands. Big Stories. Shop now All her favourites, perfectly delivered. Shop now Easy Shopping Type in a whole list of items and find them in one go. Search for a list Tell us which items to add to your trolley each week. Choose your Regulars Add your saved Lists to your trolley in a flash. Create a List Smart Pass Save 25% on your first order + 3 months free unlimited deliveries. Enter VOU3291357 at checkout. Min spend £60. Max reward £20. Christmas exclusions apply. Terms apply Start shopping the ridiculously easy way Discover all your big brand favourites - including M&S - plus some super surprises from smaller suppliers too. You'll love our prices and it'll all be delivered with a smile, just when you want it. Book a delivery 81% customer score Highest of any online supermarket. More choice than any other supermarket. It's as easy as... 1 Book a delivery slot Book your perfect delivery slot from 5.30am to midnight, seven days a week. 2 Fill your trolley Fill your trolley with all your favourite products... and some exciting new ones. 3 Get your goodness Smile, because now you're an Ocado'er and all the better for it. What makes Ocado special? Our amazing range We have more choice than any other supermarket. So alongside all your favourite brands, including M&S, you'll find some fantastic independent ones you haven't heard yet. Browse our range Our great value The Ocado Price Promise matches your like-for-like shop to tesco.com. You'll find low prices on your most-loved groceries in our Everyday Savers aisle, and check out Ocado Own Range for top-rated quality at prices you'll love. Save with Ocado Price Promise Our super service Love your food fresh? Ours never sits around on supermarket shelves - and you almost always get just what you order. Plus, our drivers are famously friendly and our helpful service centre has won awards. Book a delivery slot Our customers love us And we love you too "Always good value, always delivered on time with plenty of choice!!" Jane Northwich, Cheshire Rating 10/10 "Convenient with lots of choice of product - some I can't get anywhere else. Also with smart pass I have lots of choices of delivery slots when I need them" Fiona Saffron Walden Rating 9/10 "I like the choice and the offers. Always easy to get a slot. I think compared to other supermarkets the quality is often better" Rebecca London Rating 10/10 "Prices are good, plenty of choice. Delivery always on time. I am disabled and whoever brings my order is kind and helpful" Heather Nottinghamshire Rating 10/10 "The website is extremely easy to navigate, the choice of goods is immense, and the price of the goods are very competitive. The delivery service is 2nd to none" Andrea Derby Rating 10/10 "Reasonable price, friendly drivers, usually always on time, lots of choice" Victoria Mold Rating 9/10 "Delivery service was great, cannot fault it at all. Driver was friendly too." Alicia Carshalton in Surrey Rating 10/10 "Friendly, courteous drivers. Normally all of the order arrives - no missing items/ substitutions and if there are any issues the customer services handles promptly" Katharine Windsor Rating 10/10 "Excellent service, food picked is always of great quality, thank you. Keep up the good work!" Laura Abingdon, Oxfordshire Rating 10/10 "Great choice of products at competitive prices, availability and ease of booking delivery slot and prompt friendly driver." Andrea Barry Rating 9/10 Marks & Spencer We're the only place you can buy M&S food online. Save with Smart Pass Zero delivery charges, exclusive Smart Pass sales and more. Ocado Own Range Discover top-rated quality on over 770 products at prices you'll love. Download the app Try our award-winning app on Google Play Store and App Store that's packed full of helpful features. Loving Nigella Nigella Lawson, the country's favourite home cook, loves Ocado. And we love her too. See her mouthwatering recipes at Love, Nigella and her favourite items at Nigella Loves. Recipes Looking for inspiration? Whether you're after a quick midweek meal, a weekend feast, a showstopping cake or cocktail to impress your friends, you're bound to find something tempting. We're the best supermarket for online shopping Who says so? The general public - we were given an incredible 81% customer score in the definitive yearly supermarket survey by the consumer group Which? That's the highest of any supermarket. Book a delivery Frequently asked questions How much does delivery cost? Our delivery charges range from 99p to £6.99 depending on slot availability. Please take a look at your booking calendar to see individual delivery prices and find a slot that suits you. If your order is less than £75, there's a minimum charge of £2.99 and a maximum of £6.99. For standard orders of £75 or more, you may be offered free delivery. You can view the various options when you book your delivery slot. There, you will be able to select a delivery time and cost that best suits you. To make big savings on delivery charges, sign up for our Smart Pass service, you can save hundreds of pounds a year if you shop regularly! With a Smart Pass, you can also save at least 10% on big brands, and get priority access to Christmas deliveries. How can I check if you deliver to my area? You can use our Postcode Checker. We'll instantly be able to tell you if we deliver to your postcode. Why don't Ocado deliver to me? We're always expanding our deliver area, and hope to be in your neck of the woods soon! Please register with us, so we can email you as soon as we start delivering to your address. Do I have to register before I can shop? You can browse and add to your trolley before you've registered, just click on the home icon from the registration page to discover our unbeatable range! We always recommend registering first so we can check if we deliver to your postcode. Once registered, book a delivery slot before you start shopping. This way, you'll see the most accurate product information for your delivery. What is the minimum spend? The Ocado minimum spend is £40. Where can I download the Ocado App? Let's face it. We're living in a mobile-driven world. So why should your supermarket shopping experience be any different? The app is available on Google Play Store and App Store to help you race to the checkout, without forgetting any of your Favourites along the way. Still got some questions? See more FAQs Back to top The online supermarket Ocado Facebook page Ocado Twitter page Ocado Pinterest page Ocado Instagram page Ocado Youtube channel Ocado blog Download our Apps Download our app for iPhone and iPad Download our app for Android Help Centre Frequently asked questions Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookie Policy Security Policy Bag Recycling Information Accessibility Statement Corporate ocadoretail.com marksandspencer.com Sustainability Modern Slavery Statement Contact Us Alcohol Policy Careers Working for us Locations If we don't stock what you are looking for, try sending us a product request © 2024 All rights reserved. Ocado Retail Limited Corporate | Careers | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Modern Slavery Act statement Honey Pot