Data Privacy Compliance Solution for Global Privacy Laws - Termly Open Navigation menu Close Navigation menu Try for free! Products POLICY GENERATORS Attorney-crafted documents and policies Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Cookie Policy Generator EULA Generator Acceptable Use Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator Return Policy Generator Shipping Policy Generator CONSENT MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS Compliant Consent Solutions Cookie Consent Obtain consent & manage cookie preferences Cookie Scanner Scan & classify your cookies Cookie Banner Create a compliant cookie banner Consent Management Platform Manage consent for cookies & data collection Agencies Pricing Resources Templates Legal policy templates and how-to guides Privacy Policy Template Terms and Conditions Template Cookie Policy Template EULA Template Disclaimer Template Return Policy Template Need-based Solutions Compliance for various industries Website Owners Marketing Professionals Compliance Professionals Tech Professionals Documentation & Support Termly troubleshooting & documentation Compliance Quiz Answer a few questions to see if your business is compliant. Articles Informational articles on privacy law compliance & best practices What is GDPR Termly’s simple guide to the GDPR US Data Privacy Laws Tracker Stay up to date on all U.S. privacy laws. Google Consent Mode Set up Google Consent Mode With Termly IAB TCF 2.2 Set Up TCF 2.2 With Termly Sign In Products POLICY GENERATORS Attorney-crafted documents and policies Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Cookie Policy Generator EULA Generator Acceptable Use Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator Return Policy Generator Shipping Policy Generator CONSENT MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS Compliant Consent Solutions Cookie Consent Obtain consent & manage cookie preferences Cookie Scanner Scan & classify your cookies Cookie Banner Create a compliant cookie banner Consent Management Platform Manage consent for cookies & data collection Agencies Pricing Resources Templates Legal policy templates and how-to guides Privacy Policy Template Terms and Conditions Template Cookie Policy Template EULA Template Disclaimer Template Return Policy Template Articles Informational articles on privacy law compliance & best practices What is GDPR Termly’s simple guide to the GDPR US Data Privacy Laws Tracker Stay up to date on all U.S. privacy laws. Need-based Solutions Compliance for various industries Website Owners Marketing Professionals Compliance Professionals Tech Professionals Documentation & Support Termly troubleshooting & documentation Compliance Quiz Answer a few questions to see if your business is compliant. Google Consent Mode Set up Google Consent Mode With Termly IAB TCF 2.2 Set Up TCF 2.2 With Termly Sign In Try for free! All-In-One Compliance Solution for Small Businesses Need compliance solutions, but don’t want to spend thousands in legal fees? Termly’s compliance suite can help you stay up to date and compliant with privacy laws like the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, ePrivacy Regulation, and more — for FREE. Start Building Compliance Consent Management Platform Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator Return Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator Shipping Policy Generator Cookie Consent Legal Protection You Can Trust 1800+ Policies Created per Day 1 Million+ Businesses 400 Million+ Consents Collected per Month Comes With Everything You Need Out of the Box Comprehensive Legal Policies Policies created by our state-of-the-art software are tailor-made to fit the unique needs of your business. Easy Consent Management Our cookie consent manager can help you comply with complex consent laws like the GDPR and ePrivacy Directive. US / EU Privacy Law Coverage Compliance with international laws like the GDPR, CCPA, and ePrivacy Regulation made fast and easy. Learn More Termly’s products fully support IAB TCF 2.2 and Google Consent Mode. Features That Make Compliance a Breeze Running a business requires you to comply with a wide variety of laws, rules, and service provider guidelines. It’s a hassle and a risk trying to adhere to all of these regulations on your own. Termly can help ease the burden of legal compliance and give you peace of mind. View Pricing Learn More Multiple Business Platforms Whether you run a blog, ecommerce site, or app, our compliance suite has your business covered. Always Up-to-Date We’ll automatically update all of your policies to meet the requirements of any new laws or regulations. Easy to Install Once you’ve created a policy, simply copy and paste a link or a code snippet onto your website. We do the rest! Save Thousands on Legal Fees Why spend a fortune on a lawyer when you can use Termly’s team of attorneys to create your legal policies for free! What Customers Are Saying More than 1,000,000 businesses use Termly. Join our community of amazing companies! “Termly transformed what would have been an expensive interaction with attorneys into an enjoyable, inexpensive process. The resulting documents are current and give us confidence that we are doing right by our customers.” Dean Heckler CEO at Heckler Design Explore All of Our Compliance Solutions Cookie Consent Create a managed consent solution to protect your blog, website, or app Terms and Conditions Generator Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms Privacy Policy Generator Create a compliant privacy policy that outlines your data collection practices Disclaimer Generator Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability Return Policy Generator Generate a return policy to appease your customers and protect your business Shipping Policy Generator Create a shipping policy to manage your customers expectations Ready to protect your business? Sign Me Up! Learn More Termly allows our users to focus more on their business instead of spending countless hours figuring out data privacy compliance. – Jona, Senior Product Manager @ Termly Copyright Termly 2023 Company About Us Careers Updates and Press Our Privacy Center Our Privacy Policy Our Terms of Use Our Disclaimer Our Cookie Policy Our Sub-Processors Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Do Not Sell or Share My Information Products Privacy Policy Generator Terms and Conditions Generator EULA Generator Refund & Return Policy Shipping Policy Generator Disclaimer Generator Consent Management Platform Cookie Consent Cookie Banner Cookie Policy Generator Cookie Scanner Support Help and Support FAQs Contact Us Pricing Partner with Us Resources Cookie Preferences Legal Dictionary Security FAQ Disclaimer: Termly Inc is not a lawyer or a law firm and does not engage in the practice of law or provide legal advice or legal representation. All information, software, services, and comments provided on the site are for informational and self-help purposes only and are not intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. Use of this site is subject to our Terms of Use. Copyright Termly 2023