Home | AHLA Skip to main content Join Today Take Action Contact Foundation Member Login About The Hospitality Industry Hotels and the lodging industry create endless career possibilities and economically strengthen communities all over the country. Find out how our industry impacts communities across the U.S. Learn More Who We Are About AHLA Annual Reports Executive Staff Governance Structure Board of Directors Executive Committee Committees HTNG 5-Year Strategic Plan Our Members Our Members Association Members Allied Member Directory Our Partners Hospitality's Economic Impact AHLA's latest industry data and research is available. Search the AHLA Resource Center Search today Advocacy & Issues Take 60 SECONDS & make a difference for the hotel industry. Make your voice heard with your elected officials and make a difference for our great industry by contacting your representatives. Take Action! Policy Issues Alternative Accommodations Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Immigration Reform Labor Issues Online Booking Franchise Tax Policy State & Local Policy Center The latest hotel industry advocacy issues. Policy Issues Per Diem Rates Resort Fees Safety & Security Sustainability Trafficking Prevention Travel & Tourism Workforce Development HotelPAC HotelPAC is AHLA's Political Action Committee (PAC). It is a voluntary, bi-partisan PAC formed to help elect federal candidates who support the lodging industry. Take Action Now! Events & Webinars Don't Miss The Industry's Most Innovative Trade Show! Learn More View All Events See all of AHLA's upcoming events. AHLA Events AHLA State Conferences The Hospitality Show GM Summit @ The Hospitality Show Hotels On The Hill ForWard: Women Advancing Hospitality HTNG Events Night of a Thousand Stars Off-Site The Forum Responsible Stay Summit The Industry Event Calendar View Or Submit Your Own Event! Webinar Archive Revisit previous webinars in our members-only webinar archive. Sponsor An Event Learn more about event sponsorship opportunities with AHLA. Coming to a State Near You! AHLA State Conferences Industry Events View AHLA's aggregated calendar of events across the industry. News Initiatives Uniting Hotels On Industry-Wide Initiatives AHLA is dedicated to uniting the industry around tackling major initiatives. Learn More Strategic Initiatives Heart of the House Program Hospitality for Hope HotelsACT Hotel Kitchen Responsible Stay Workforce Initiatives Advancing Women In Hospitality Hospitality Is Working The Hotel Industry: A Place To Stay Safety Initiatives 5-Star Promise No Room For Trafficking Safe Stay New AHLA Initiative: Responsible Stay Showcasing our industry efforts in sustainability, including an industry-wide commitment to energy efficiency, water conservation, waste reduction, and responsible sourcing. Learn more Membership Connect with your colleagues across the country. Get Connected Become A Member Join your peers today and contribute to the future of hospitality! Learn More Membership Options Associations Branded Independent International Management, Owners & Chains Students & Educators Vendors Our Members Hotelier Membership Overview Vendor Membership Overview State & Local Association Members Allied Member Directory Search AHLA's database of Allied members to find vendors and providers for your hotel business. AHLA Committees Committees are content-focused groups that consist of representatives across all of AHLA's membership Join An AHLA Network Today! Get engaged in the industry by joining one of our committee networks. Learn more Data & Resources Resource Library Search AHLA's resource library for industry research, data, operations resources and member toolkits. Search Resource Library: Research, Operations, Toolkits Find toolkits and resources to support your hotel's operations and see the latest industry trends and data to help you make informed business decisions. Data Center Member-only reports and data provided by AHLA Partners and Allied+ Members HTNG Technology Resources Access HTNG's Technical Specification library to get details on current and legacy hotel technology systems. State Facts Visit AHLA's State Facts dashboard to learn more about the state-by-state economic impact the hotel industry makes in the United States. HTNG × Search AHLA Industry Member Login Hotels advance sustainability goals at second annual Responsible Stay Summit February 29, 2024 AHLA, HAC unite to expand hotel sustainability certification February 28, 2024 AHLA and Procure Impact launch Dignity of Work Pledge to create 100,000 hours of work for overlooked populations February 27, 2024 New Jersey bill would destroy hotel franchising, drive hotels from Garden State February 22, 2024 Press Release AHLA commends House vote to reauthorize Trafficking Victims Protection Act February 15, 2024 Watch suppliers compete for your business in real-time Hoteliers procuring their electricity, natural gas, and sustainable energy with Transparent Energy get access to our auction-based procurement process.With a Transparent Energy auction, you’ll watch our large supplier pool compete for your business in real-time, compressing margins and giving you the best rates and terms for your business. Read about Philadelphia’s Marriott experience with Transparent Energy THE INDUSTRY EVENT CALENDAR Filters Industry Events AHLA Events Keyword Series All SeriesAHLA On The RoadForWardHTNG Date (field_date) Events for Clear date Month Sort By Date AscendingDate Descending Want to Submit An Event? Submit Event Info Berlin, Germany ITB Berlin Berlin Exhibition Grounds March 5-7, 2024 Costa Mesa, CA CLIC Conference The Westin South Coast Plaza March 6-7, 2024 San Francisco, CA 2024 California Hospitality Conference: San Francisco You’re invited to the 2024 California Hospitality Conference: San Francisco! Join fellow hoteliers f... March 14, 2024 Atlanta. GA HUNTER Hotel Investment Conference Atlanta Marriott Marquis March 19-21, 2024 Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Last page Last » HotelsACT - Take Action! Tell Congress to support hotel-friendly policies today! Get Involved Key Issues AHLA is the singular voice representing every segment of the hotel industry including major chains, independent hotels, management companies, REIT’s, bed and breakfasts, industry partners and more. Protecting Hotels from Onerous Workplace Rules Discover More Highlighting Hoteliers’ Community Engagement & Impact Discover More Recruiting a Larger Workforce & Promoting Career Opportunities Discover More Fighting for a Level Playing Field Discover More Leading on Sustainability, Diversity & Safety Discover More < > Upcoming Events View all events Event 2024 California Hospitality Conference: San Francisco San Francisco, CA March 14, 2024 Event 2024 Tennessee Hospitality Conference Nashville, TN April 3, 2024 Event 2024 Ohio Hospitality Show Columbus, OH April 9, 2024 Event 2024 South Carolina Hospitality Conference Columbia, SC April 23, 2024 Event ForWard 2024 Annual Conference Chicago, IL April 29 - May 1, 2024 Event 2024 DMV Hotel Conference Washington DC May 2, 2024 Event 2024 Arizona Hotel Conference Phoenix, AZ May 7, 2024 Event HTNG Connect: Asia-Pacific 2024 Bangkok, Thailand May 8-10, 2024 Event 2024 New York Hotel Conference New York City, NY May 14, 2024 Building A Diverse Industry Our vision is to build an industry as diverse as the guests we serve The AHLA Foundation is committing $5 million to advance DE&I across the hotel and lodging industry and to create and execute on a five-year strategic plan. Learn More Platinum Gold Silver American Hotel & Lodging Association American Hotel & Lodging Association 1250 Eye Street, N.W., Suite 1100 Washington, D.C. 20005 Partner Organizations AHLA Foundation American Hospitality Alliance AHLEI General Inquiries Careers Partner/Sponsor Copyright AHLA 2024. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions SMS Terms & Conditions