Design Articles, Inspiration & Resources | Design Shack Design Shack Twitter Facebook Pinterest RSS Feed Articles Applications Adobe InDesign Adobe Lightroom Adobe Premiere Pro Adobe XD Affinity Designer Affinity Publisher After Effects Bootstrap DaVinci Resolve Figma Final Cut Pro Google Fonts Google Slides Instagram Keynote Photoshop Actions Photoshop Brushes PowerPoint Procreate Microsoft Word Sketch Tumblr Design Projects App Templates Background Textures Brochures Business Cards Business Templates Christmas CV & Resumes Email Templates Flyers Fonts Free iOS Icons iPhone Mockups Logo Templates Mockup Templates Posters Weddings Categories Business CSS Graphics Inspiration Layouts Mobile Navigation Software Trends Typography UX Design More → Resources All Fonts 3D Art Nouveau Baseball Blackletter Block Cartoon Chalkboard Chunky Clean Comic Condensed Corporate Cursive Cute Cyberpunk Decorative Elegant Feminine Futuristic Gaming Geometric Gothic Graffiti Groovy 70’s Halloween Handwriting Japanese Kids & Children Logo Marker Medieval Mid-Century Minimal Monogram Monospace Movie Number Old English Outline Pirate Pixel Poster Psychedelic Retro Rounded Rustic Sci-Fi Script & Brush Serif Shadow Slab Serif Space Sports Stencil Swash Tattoo Thin & Skinny Title Vintage Western Graphics Actions Brushes Graphic Templates Icons Logos Mockup Templates Textures Photography LUTs Presets Presentations Animated Business Plan Charts & Graphs Clean Company Profile Corporate Creative Education eLearning Fashion Finance Flow Chart Fun Infographic Management Marketing Plan Medical Minimal Modern Photography Pitch Deck Portfolio Real Estate Research Roadmap Sales Science Simple Social Media Startup Timeline Travel Webinar Wedding Print Book Brochure Business Card Business Plan Calendar Catalog Corporate Cover Letter eBook Event Proposal Flyer Greeting Cards Invitation Invoice Letterhead Lookbook Magazine Marketing Newsletter Portfolio Proposal Resume & CV Save The Date White Paper Video Intros & Openers Logos Lower Thirds LUTs Slideshows Social Media Titles Transitions Typography Video Templates Web Gallery All Web Design Logo Interface About Advertising Write for Us Contact Font Collections / 4 Mar 2024 What Is X Height in Typography? In the intricate world of typography, each element plays a pivotal role in shaping the readability, aesthetics, and overall impact of printed and digital text. One such fundamental aspect is the ‘x height’, a term that might seem cryptic to the uninitiated but is crucial for designers and typographers. In this quick guide, we aim to demystify the concept of x height, exploring its significance, how it influences typographic design, and the considerations designers must make when selecting or creating typefaces. By understanding x height, we can appreciate the subtleties that make typography an art form that communicates beyond mere words. DaVinci Resolve Templates / 4 Mar 2024 40+ Best DaVinci Resolve Intro Templates, Titles & Openers 2024 Many professionals are now switching from Premiere Pro to DaVinci Resolve. Why? Because it offers amazing features compared to Premiere Pro and After Effects for free. Switching to DaVinci Resolve allows you to save up to $600 per year that otherwise spent on Adobe Premiere Pro. This gives professionals more money to invest in things that are more important, like high-quality templates. We’ve rounded up some of the best DaVinci Resolve intro and title templates to show you how useful this software can be. Check them out below and be sure to download a few templates to use in your projects. Font Collections / 4 Mar 2024 25+ Best Creative Artistic Fonts for Inventive Designs When it comes to leaving a lasting impression with a design, choosing the right font can make all the difference. In this list, we’ve compiled some of the best and most creative artistic fonts, guaranteed to elevate your design projects to new heights. Each font in this collection echoes a unique creative aura that stands apart from typical typography. These artistic fonts blend aesthetics and functionality, ensuring you don’t have to compromise on either. Whether you’re working on a logo, poster, brand identity, or any form of print or digital media, these artistic fonts can help in manifesting your creative vision. From sleek minimalistic fonts to bold, headline-grabbing typefaces, there’s a creative font for every designer’s need in this list. Dive in and start downloading! Photoshop Brushes / 29 Feb 2024 45+ Best Photoshop Layer Styles in 2024 (Free & Premium) Today, we’re bringing you a collection of Photoshop layer styles you can use to transform your ordinary text, shapes, and logos into creative designs. Whether you want to add a modern glitch effect to your poster titles or give a retro look to your logo designs, Photoshop layer styles can help you create beautiful designs almost instantly without any effort. All you have to do is download the PSD file that already contains the layer styles and effects, edit the text layer, and enter your own titles or headings. Or use the ASL file to create your own styles. It usually takes hours upon hours to create such effects but with Photoshop layer styles it only takes a few clicks. We’ve handpicked a few premium and free Photoshop layer styles you can experiment with. Have a look. Background Textures / 29 Feb 2024 20+ Best Halftone Textures & Patterns for Photoshop Halftone textures and patterns, with their dotted gradients and monochromatic schemes, offer a unique blend of old-school charm and modern sophistication. In this curated selection, we shine a spotlight on the best halftone textures and patterns available, emphasizing their versatility, ease of use, and the distinct flair they add to any design. From subtle, fine-grained dots to bold, dramatic patterns, each texture in our collection is chosen to inspire and enhance your creative projects, bridging the gap between traditional print aesthetics and contemporary design trends. So whether you’re working on a vintage-themed project or just want to add a dose of sophistication to your project, this collection has all kinds of halftone textures to choose from. Have a look. Font Collections / 28 Feb 2024 35+ Best Edgy Fonts for Cool Designs Edgy fonts are the key to crafting designs that stand out from the crowd with a bold and unique look. In this collection, we bring you a whole bunch of rad and stylish edgy fonts for all kinds of design projects. These fonts stretch beyond the ordinary, bringing an edge and character that cannot be replicated, ensuring your designs will make a statement. It includes all kinds of edgy fonts with tattoo-style designs, blackletter designs, modern styles, and more. We’ve included a range of both premium and free edgy fonts in our list, making it easy for you to experiment and find what truly connects with your design palette. Let’s dive in and explore these unpredictable letterforms. Brochure Templates / 28 Feb 2024 20+ Best Free Brochure & Pamphlet Templates for Google Docs Google Docs has come a long way in the past few years and it’s now just as good, if not even better, than Microsoft Word. You can even use it to create brochures and pamphlets and we have proof. In this post, we are showcasing a collection of the best brochure templates for Google Docs. We found lots of creative pamphlet templates and brochure templates and handpicked the best for this list. Whether you’re spreading the word about a local event, showcasing a new product, or educating your audience on important topics, these Google Docs templates will help you get the job done without having to use any expensive software. Background Textures / 27 Feb 2024 25+ Best Marble & Stone Textures for Photoshop Today, we are bringing you a collection of marble and stone textures to add an organic and earthy appeal to your work. This collection includes a variety of textures featuring smooth marble designs to raw and rugged stone wall textures, each selected for its authenticity, high resolution, and versatility in application. Whether it’s giving a website a luxurious backdrop, enhancing the realism of a digital illustration, or incorporating nature’s own designs into home decor, the right texture can elevate your work to new heights. These beautiful stone and marble textures will help you achieve that goal. Dive in and explore all the marble and stone textures below. InDesign Templates / 27 Feb 2024 50+ Best InDesign Templates 2024 (For Brochures, Flyers, Books & More) InDesign is a piece of software that can be used for all manner of design and publishing. With the help of pre-made InDesign templates, you can take full advantage of this software to supercharge your workflow and complete projects in record time. Whether you’re working on a brochure design, flyer design, book, or magazine design, you can easily get a head start in your design process when using an InDesign template that’s already been designed and formatted by professionals. In this post, we’re featuring a hand-picked selection of various InDesign templates you can use with all kinds of projects. If you’re looking for inspiration, these designs will help you get a few new ideas as well. Graphics / 27 Feb 2024 The 15 Best (And Worst!) Rebrand Examples of 2023 & 2024 Doing a rebrand is a massive undertaking for most companies and often involves taking great risks. That’s usually why we see only a handful of rebrands in a year. However, we saw so many popular and iconic companies go through massive rebrands over the past few months. And it doesn’t appear to be slowing down. Clearly, we are in the midst of a rebrand season. Refreshing a brand according to new design standards is always a good thing but not all brands get this part right. Today, we take a look at some of the best rebrands of the past few months. As well as the worst rebrands that got everything wrong by trying to follow a trend. Let’s dive in. Premiere Pro Templates / 26 Feb 2024 20+ Best Premiere Pro Credits Templates (For Rolling & Scrolling Credits) In the realm of filmmaking and video editing, a strong ending is not only about the climax of the storyline but also about the credits that roll thereafter. To help you streamline this key aspect of production, we’ve put together an extensive collection of the best Premiere Pro credits templates. For creators and video editors who often find themselves grappling with end-credit design, this compilation of templates will serve as a reliable resource. Whether you’re working on a full-fledged movie, an emotionally charged documentary, or simply a short film, our collection of Premiere Pro credits templates encompasses both free and paid options, satisfying production needs of various sizes. The art of rolling credits in Premiere is a skill that goes a long way, and with the right template, the process becomes much more comfortable and efficient. So, dive into this list and find the perfect match for your next masterpiece. Lightroom Presets / 26 Feb 2024 55+ Professional Lightroom Presets 2024 Minimizing the time you spend on processing and enhancing photos is one of the things most photographers and graphic designers often struggle with. Adobe Lightroom, coupled with a set of professional Lightroom presets, makes this whole process much easier. What if we told you that you can make Lightroom even more powerful to process images, add beautiful effects, enhance tone, adjust contrast, and much more with just one-click? All of this is possible thanks to premade Lightroom presets. In this collection, we’re featuring some of the best professional Lightroom presets you can use to supercharge your workflow and manage your time more effectively. These presets are also customizable, allowing you to adjust their settings to match any kind of photo you have. Font Collections / 26 Feb 2024 20+ Best Digital Fonts (+ Digital Clock and Number Typography) Today, we are bringing you a collection of creative digital fonts that are perfect for giving your modern and technology-themed designs a retro-futuristic look and feel. Digital fonts, with their clear, LCD-inspired aesthetics, bring a unique blend of functionality and futuristic flair to design projects. Whether you’re crafting a sci-fi movie poster, designing a cutting-edge app interface, or creating promotional materials for tech products, these fonts embody the essence of digital sophistication. These digital fonts offer a direct nod to the world of electronics and timekeeping, transforming text into a statement of modern elegance and efficiency. Whether you’re seeking paid or free options, we’ve got you covered in this ultimate guide to digital typography. Let’s dive in. InDesign Templates / 23 Feb 2024 35+ Best InDesign Proposal Templates (Business + Project Proposals) Are you looking for the perfect InDesign proposal templates to elevate your business or project proposition? Look no further! Our curated selection of templates, both free and premium, caters to professionals and designers who understand the value of an impressive proposal. One of the main advantages of using InDesign for crafting business proposals is the customization it offers, and combined with the right template, you can create a compelling proposal. Our assorted range of InDesign business proposal templates are tailor-made, easy to understand, cohesive, and designed to showcase your proposal at its best. Not only business proposals, but our list also covers an array of InDesign project proposal templates specially designed to spellbind project stakeholders. Accentuate the important details and make an impression that lasts with our compilation. Check them all out below. Graphics / 23 Feb 2024 10 Famously Bad Examples of Design (& What to Learn From Them) Even some of the world’s biggest brands and most reputable designers make mistakes. Today, we take a look at some of the famously bad design examples to see what you can learn from them. They say you should try to learn from your mistakes. But, do you know what’s even better? To learn from other people’s mistakes! And that’s exactly what we’re about to do. In this list, we showcase some of the popular examples of bad graphic design and web design examples to help you learn from the mistakes that made the world cringe. More Articles Features Each Design Shack feature covers everything you need to know about a topic, with articles, inspiration, and how-to posts. Font Collections Instagram Templates Sketch Templates How to Design a Logo Photoshop Actions PowerPoint Templates Brochure Templates Lightroom Presets More Features Resources Thousands of free and premium fonts, presentation templates, graphics, video templates, and more. Explore popular categories: Fonts Graphic Templates Presentation Templates Photography Presets Print Templates Video Templates Close-Up Catalog Mockup Template The Close-Up Catalog Mockup Template is an innovative tool capable of refreshing and enhancing your design presentation. Being ideal for magazines or ... Stylish Square Brochure Mockups Introducing the Stylish Square Brochure Mockups, a handy tool for presenting your editorial designs in a refined and professional format. Lending a re... Open Catalogue Page Mockup Explore new potentials of your design with the Square Catalogue Mockup. Ideally crafted for graphic designers, magazines, print houses and more, it... Spiral Bound Catalogue Mockups Add an air of professionalism and aesthetic appeal to your catalogue presentation with our Spiral Bound Catalogue Mockups. This unique mockup guarante... Kamely Futuristic Slab Serif The Kamely Futuristic Slab Serif typeface possesses a distinct symmetrical rhythm due to a wide-ranging mix of inspirations. This results in a unique ... Karens Bold Slab Serif Foont Karens Bold Slab Serif Font is an intricately-designed font bundle that brings out an uncommon blend of modern and elegance in every stroke, perfect f... More Resources Made by Compact Creative © 2024 Twitter Facebook Pinterest RSS Feed Home / Articles / Features / Resources / Gallery About / Advertising & Sponsorship / Contact / Privacy In Partnership with