Contextual Advertising & Programmatic Platform | Media.net Home Marketplace contextual ads programmatic buyers about sign in Contact Us sign in Contact Us Are you ready to maximize your revenue? Tap into one of the largest pools of advertisers in the world and let our ads maximize your monetization. Keep Good Company. Tech That Ups Your Monetization Game. Monetize your content with exclusive access to search demand worth billions from the Yahoo! Bing Network. Leverage competitive demand from search, direct advertisers and traditional RTB sources to maximize your yield. Harness the power of our next-gen cross-format header bidding platform with server-side enablement. One Tag, Many Possibilities. Contextual Ads Revolutionize your ad strategy. Based on our proprietary ad format, contextual ads open up advertising search budgets worth billions of dollars. This format filters the user’s intent via relevant search keywords, resulting in finely targeted ads and much higher revenues as advertisers are willing to pay more for visitors with qualified intent. Display Ads Get global demand for your inventory. We provide you easy access to high-quality display ads by connecting with all the major buyer networks and managing operational overheads so that you don’t have to. You also benefit from our strong relationships with DSPs, Agency Trading Desks, Horizontal Networks, Vertical Networks, Performance Networks, AMPs, DMPs, etc. Native Ads Prioritize your user experience. Tap into ever-increasing native budgets with Media.net’s native ads. They are completely customized to the look and feel of your pages for higher user engagement. You also have the option to drive your audience to contextually relevant articles on your site through the native unit. Apply for the Media.net advantage Contact Us About Marketplace programmatic contextual ads buyers Careers Resources Contact Us AdChoices CookieSettings terms of service Policies: inventory policy ad quality policy privacy policy preferences copyright © 2024 media.net all rights reserved