Poison Control Help & FAQNeed immediate assistance? Get Help Online webPOISONCONTROL About webPOISONCONTROL Infographic Poison Info By Substances By Age By Season Order Materials Podcast First Aid Get Help Online or By Phone Statistics National: webPOISONCONTROL National: Calls DC Metro: Calls Button Battery Ingestions Donate Now Act Fast The Poison Post® Pill ID Batteries Tips Mechanism Guideline In the News Severe Cases Fatal Cases Statistics Donate Now Get Help ONLINE OR BY PHONE Contact Poison Control right away if you suspect a poisoning. Help is available online with webPOISONCONTROL® or by phone at 1-800-222-1222. Both options are free, expert, and confidential. Get help onlineorCall 1-800-222-1222 Call 911 right away if the individual collapses, has a seizure, has trouble breathing, or can’t be awakened. Donate Now Need help identifying a pill? Mixed up your meds? Found a loose pill? Worried that your refill looks different? Fortunately, most medications can be identified from the letters and numbers imprinted on the pill. Identify a pill Tip of the Day A curious child who is given enough time learns very quickly how to manipulate safety latches on drawers or cabinets, or the child-resistant caps on bottles. Remember that nothing is "child-proof" and should never be trusted to keep your child safe. Careful supervision is still required. Learn more Poison & Prevention Information Batteries Cause Devastating Injuries Swallowed batteries burn through a child's esophagus in just 2 hours, leading to surgery, months with feeding and breathing tubes, and even death. About the size of a nickel, 20 mm, 3-volt lithium coin cells are the most hazardous as they are big enough to get stuck and burn faster. Secure battery compartments and keep loose batteries away from children. Learn more E-Cigs and Toddlers: Beware Electronic cigarettes (e-Cigs) are devices made to look like real cigarettes. They contain a battery, a heater, and liquid nicotine. When heated, the nicotine liquid becomes a vapor, which users inhale. Liquid nicotine products contain flavorings and something to help the product vaporize. Liquid nicotine products are very poisonous if swallowed. Learn more Carbon Monoxide: The Invisible Killer It's not an intriguing or novel hazard, just the persistent, invisible killer: carbon monoxide. Seriously, you still don't have a carbon monoxide alarm in every sleeping area of your home? Get one! And keep fuel-burning appliances in good repair; don't use grills or gasoline-powered tools indoors, and don't run your car in an attached garage or place a generator close to your home. Learn more The Poison Post® Free quarterly e-newsletter 4.22 My Child Ate a Cannabis Edible Cannabis edibles are often sweet or savory products that are naturally attractive to young children. Serious and sometimes life-threatening side effects can occur in children who consume cannabis edibles. Learn more This issue also contains: Can A Myers' Cocktail Help Me? The Dangers of Disposable E-Cigarettes Amoxicillin Precautions and Side Effects What is Serotonin Syndrome? What is a Hangover and Can It Be Cured? View past issuesSubscribe webPOISONCONTROL Did you know you can get help from Poison Control without calling? There’s a do-it-yourself poison control tool and app. webPOISONCONTROL has helped nearly a million people figure out what to do after a possible poisoning. Just answer a few questions about what happened and you’ll get a safe and accurate recommendation in less than 3 minutes. webPOISONCONTROL will tell you exactly what to do. Learn more. Get Help Online First Aid for Poisonings Poison Control is here to help if you swallow or come in contact with something that might be poisonous. Don't wait for symptoms to develop. Contact Poison Control immediately if you suspect a poisoning. Before you contact us, there are first aid measures that make a difference if accomplished within seconds to minutes of the poison exposure. Be sure you know about them. First Aid Tips webPOISONCONTROL Data Dashboard The webPOISONCONTROL data analysis dashboard is the only free and publicly available online source of national (U.S.), near real-time poison exposure data. Find out more about the dashboard so you can fully explore data summaries and trends of poisonings from common substances like personal care products, cleaning substances, medicines, pesticides, plants, bites and stings, and more. webPOISONCONTROL Dashboard Items of interest: Poison Statistics Jingles Spike Program © 2012 - 2024 NCPC Terms of Use (Websites)Terms of Use (Triage)About UsPrivacy PolicyContact UsFeedbackMedical Toxicology Fellowship