Free University of Berlin: Home Springe Direct to Contents University of Berlin Service Navigation Start Sitema Palatics Protection Data Protection Nutriere Freight Dedia: German: English Direct access information Foreign study. Transfer at the Google ™ search menu university loading ... Studyloading ... Researchloading ... Featuresloading... Internationaloading ... Excellence strategy heading ... For an optimal presentation of this page, please activate JavaScript.icon: arrow right icon with an arrow pointing to the right.: Björn Kral study, teach, research and work 40,000 people from more than 150 nations, different origin and religious affiliation.This diversity shapes the self -image of the university.Humanity, respect and tolerance are the cornerstones of our community.Anti -Semitism, racism and discrimination are not tolerated.As a university, we are a place to exchange arguments, a place of open and democratic discussion culture.Also in conflict -rich situations.Icon: Pfeil right icon with a arrow pointing to the right. Antid discrimination statute of the Free University of Berlin.Important basis for diversity and anti-discrimination work at the University of Create Pressure Picture: Dirk Laubnericon: Arrow on the right Icon with a arrow pointing on the right. Congress Poverty and Health 2024: Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach opens Congress on March 5th in the Henry-Ford Bau of the Free UniversityBerlin press release source: Bernd Wannenmacher event calendar Advertisement of this content is needed JavaScript. Overview of Newsroom: Read what freelance university is moving.It maintains exchange partnerships with several hundred universities worldwide.The team of the student service center supports questions about the application, enrollment and study planning.Studies discovering students on the campus of the Free University Image Source: Bernd Wannenmacher Research Research at the Free University of Berlin is characterized by the diversity of its scientific networks as well as by focusing and future -oriented research fields: internationality and interdisciplinarity shape the university research profile.Since 2019, Freie Universität Berlin has been funded as part of the Berlin University Alliance Excellence Association in the federal and state excellence strategy competition.On the research profile Nanoblick on cell boundaries: In the new Suprafab building on the campus of the Free University of Berlin, the characteristics and functional mechanisms of supramolecular structures will be examined on biogers.Studying and working at the university from more than 100 nations, their alumni work all over the world, for many students and scientists, stays abroad are a matter of course of their work.Internation is the same for the Free University of Berlin, the subject of research, element of teaching, experienced everyday life for university members and part of their special history since 1948. People from more than 100 nations study and work at the Free University of Berlin Bildmacher: Bernd WannenmacherProfessional & career energy & sustainability diversity, equality & family Information for employee-interested students and doctoral students and doctoral studies and promotional school press and media-training-prospective service navigation start-upt-on-contact attention. Wise to use social media these side jumps Feedback English The scientific ethos of the Free University of Berlin has been in the foundation inDecember 1948 determined by three values: truth, justice and freedom.