ODI | ODI: Think change ODI Logo ODI Read this page in Search French Trending: Israel-Gaza crisis Russia-Ukraine war Sudan Trending Israel-Gaza crisis Ukraine Sudan Our Programmes Climate and Sustainability Development and Public Finance Digital Societies Gender Equality and Social Inclusion Global Risks and Resilience Humanitarian Policy Group International Economic Development Group Politics and Governance ODI About us Our work Our experts Our finances Browse Insights and podcasts Events Publications Press More ODI Global Advisory ODI Europe Fellowship scheme Careers Search Enter something to search for Search Newsletter Sign up to our newsletter. Follow ODI Podcast Twitter Linkedin Youtube ODI in conversation with Lisa Nandy MP Lisa Nandy joins ODI Chief Executive Sara Pantuliano to discuss how Britain’s global development strategy can best support economic growth, jobs and prosperity in lower income countries, and how we make sure the urgency of climate action does not undermine this. Watch the event Latest content Think Change podcast: what will it take to end femicide? This episode examines the root causes of femicide, how women’s movements are countering it, and what further action is needed to bring about truly lasting change. Listen 27 February 2024 Why aren’t we there yet? Understanding and addressing donor barriers to localisation in climate adaptation 22 February 2024 Airports, air pollution and climate change 21 February 2024 Supporting Ukraine is costly – but Europe should be clear on the risks of letting Russia win 21 February 2024 Ten recommendations to help DFC better execute on its development mandate Breaking down barriers to women's political power: an era-defining election year In an era-defining election year, this event brings together former political leaders and gender experts to reflect on actions to promote and break down barriers to women’s political power. Watch back the event Think Change podcast In this show we discuss some of the world’s most pressing global issues with a variety of experts and commentators. Listen now Think Change podcast: will the ICJ ruling change anything for Gaza? Legal, humanitarian and foreign policy experts take stock of what the ICJ interim ruling means for Israel, Gaza and wider geopolitical relations. Listen Events 06 Mar 2024 Sounding the alarm on Sudan’s hunger crisis 07 Mar 2024 Community engagement with armed actors: implications for proactive protection and violence reduction 07 Mar 2024 Ahead of CSW68: which policies can unlock women's economic rights & empowerment? 14 Mar 2024 Towards Sustainable Fuel Subsidy Reform in Nigeria 15 Mar 2024 ODI Fellowship Scheme introductory webinar 2024 – 1 18 Mar 2024 Emerging Economies Climate Report 2023 Launch event 18 Mar 2024 ODI Fellowship Scheme introductory webinar 2024 – 2 19 Apr 2024 The role of development finance institutions in addressing food security in fragile economies 22 February 2024 Watch back – Living under the Taliban: gender, insecurity and child marriage in Afghanistan 12 February 2024 Watch back – Harnessing the blue economy for African coastal states through the AfCFTA 08 February 2024 Watch back – Overcoming inertia: Myanmar, Syria, Somalia and neglected crises Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletters We only use your email address to send you the newsletter and to see how many people are opening our emails. Please read our full privacy policy Sign up About us Press Leadership Governance Venue hire Terms and statements Contact © 2023 ODI. CC BY-NC-ND 4.0. ODI is a registered charity (number 228248).