Western Michigan University | Pursue your purpose Skip to main content Search AcademicsAdmissionsFinancial AidStudent LifeAthleticsResearchGive AboutA–ZContactFind PeoplegoWMUVisit Secondary menuAbout A–Z Contact Find People goWMU Visit Search Main menuAcademics Admissions Financial Aid Student Life Athletics Research Give Plan your visit Schedule a campus visit today and see our stunning new student center! Schedule your visit It’s time to Rethink Smart At Western, you can seek a deeper understanding of who you are and who you’re meant to become. We celebrate the passions that drive you and the possibilities that inspire you. Here, a degree is a pursuit of purpose where learning empowers you, well-being strengthens you and an experience-driven education leads to a meaningful career. It’s time to Rethink Smart. Are you ready? First year Transfer International Graduate Visit us Learn and live in the No. 3 Best Metro Area in America for new college grads (Smart Asset, 2023). Visit our campus perfectly positioned between Chicago and Detroit and less than an hour’s drive from Lake Michigan. Apply now Pursue a meaningful career at a University designed to develop the whole you. You’ll find everything you need to thrive intellectually, emotionally, physically and socially both in and out of the classroom. Explore academics Experience-driven learning will give you a leg up when you’re ready to pursue a meaningful career. You can capitalize on the wealth of internships and similar opportunities available as soon as you arrive on campus. Pride points 9 of 10 Broncos are employed quickly, working in their field in jobs they like 2022-23 Career Outcomes Report Explore the data 97% of Broncos had instructors who made them excited about learning 2022-23 Career Outcomes Report Explore the data 93% of Broncos participate in experience-driven learning 2022-23 Career Outcomes Report Explore the data Thrive on campus Wellness at Western Holistic wellness tools available to Broncos—WellTrack and Uwill—promote self-reflection and allow students to be proactive with their health and well-being. The Bronco Promise Free tuition and fees for up to five years for full-time, first-year students whose family has an adjusted gross income of $50,000 or less and net assets below $50,000. FAFSA must be completed by July 1. A place to belong The new student center is the heart of campus where students can find community and belonging. As a student, going to class is your 9 to 5 … but Western also fills that 5 to 9 gap. That's really what makes the difference; it's not just having awesome faculty and professors but having awesome student leaders and the Office of Student Engagement and everyone who works to help develop students on their off time. Laila Stein, B.S.‘23 , aviation flight science, aviation management and operations Careers Explore careers, interviewing, internships and jobs. Prepare to prosper Research See why Western is a national leader in research and innovation. Get started Global learning Advance global and intercultural competence. Discover the world Bookstore Find all your essentials for success at Western. Get your gear The Bronco family No matter if you’re an alumnus or family member of a current student, you’re a part of the Bronco family. Keep connected with our news, events and campus updates, and become an active member in our community. Family resources Alumni Video of 860646771 News Western joins Michigan universities in collaborative to spur innovation across state Black mason broke barriers, laid first building blocks for learning at Western Dunbar Hall to open with innovative learning, technology at center of complete redesign Associate professor joins grant to prepare Detroit students for health care professions More news Events Spring recess Date: Mar. 5 Time: All day Spring recess Date: Mar. 6 Time: All day Spring recess Date: Mar. 7 Time: All day Spring recess Date: Mar. 8 Time: All day More events Footer Apply to WMU Schedule your campus visit Request info Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Snapchat Audiences Alumni and Donors Businesses Veterans Locations Kalamazoo Regional Locations Online Education Stryker School of Medicine Services Campus Safety Information and Resources Human Resources Maps Parking Western Michigan UniversityKalamazoo MI 49008-5200 USA(269) 387-1000Contact WMUWMU Notice of Non-DiscriminationLand Acknowledgment Statement© 2024 All rights reserved.