Home - The Rumpus Essays Fiction Poetry Comics Features Interviews Reviews Themed Months What to Read When Columns Funny Women Voices on Addiction ENOUGH The First Book We Are More Conversations With Writers Braver Than Me Dear Sugar Roxane Gay All Columns Subscriptions Membership Poetry Book Club Letters in the Mail (from Authors!) Store Bookshop Rumpus Shirts & Sweatshirts Donate Become a Member Become a Member Essays Fiction Poetry Comics Features Interviews Reviews Themed Months What to Read When Columns Funny Women Voices on Addiction ENOUGH The First Book We Are More Conversations With Writers Braver Than Me Dear Sugar Roxane Gay All Columns Subscriptions Membership Poetry Book Club Letters in the Mail (from Authors!) Store Bookshop Rumpus Shirts & Sweatshirts Donate The Latest Essays Syncopation Mollie HawkinsMarch 5, 2024 I need them to change the music to something harmless. Something by a blond pop star. Reviews Genius or Madness: Patrick Langley’s The Variations Georgie DevereuxMarch 5, 2024 Like a piece of music or genetic code, the gift changes over time and according to who is experiencing it. Langley’s novel traces the shifts. Interviews The Other Home I Found is in the Art Itself: A Conversation with Richard Blanco Antonio DeJesus LopezMarch 4, 2024 . . . it’s the poet or artist’s job to open up a new dialogue, to ask questions that aren’t being asked Poetry Rumpus Original Poetry: Three Poems by Alexa Luborsky Alexa LuborskyFebruary 29, 2024 Girl A maintains the story of Girl B about a brother, a father, a tree, and a kiss. / The story became the thirst for a story, while the river watched. Interviews Sustaining Forces When Splintering: A Conversation with Leslie Jamison Anna HeldFebruary 28, 2024 All of life is simultaneity for everyone. We’re all inside of many different tracks of experience at once. Voices on Addiction Voices on Addiction: Learning to Steal Rebecca EvansFebruary 27, 2024 My clothes hung, though, I called it draping. I called it fashion. Reviews Punctuating pseudo-realities: Daniel Lefferts’s Ways and Means Peter HuhneFebruary 27, 2024 This is a world in which the “ways and means” of the novel’s title are no sure thing, in which the relationship of the protagonists to the money they have (or don’t have) easily exceeds tangible causality. Fiction Rumpus Original Fiction: We Are the Titanic Gabrielle GriffisFebruary 26, 2024 We float in the pool and stare at the clouds. My sister says Jack. I say Rose, like a weird game of Marco Polo. News & Upcoming Events March Spotlight: Letters in the Mail February Spotlight: Letters in the Mail January Spotlight: Letters in the Mail December Spotlight: Letters in the Mail The Rumpus Member Drive Become a member! Become a MONTHLY or ANNUAL RUMPUS MEMBER and receive exclusive content, editorial insights, merch discounts, and more! *Annual Members also receive access to submit their work year-round outside of our regular no-fee reading periods. Be a part of building a better Rumpus! JOIN NOW! Featured Comics Sketch Book Reviews: Ardor Kateri KramerJanuary 18, 2024 On Oversharing Angie KangJanuary 11, 2024 Mulch Eliza HarrisDecember 7, 2023 more comics Essays from Sex with a Brain Injury Annie LiontasDecember 19, 2023 Ghosts in the Mirror Kimberly Rooney 高小荣November 30, 2023 Debtors to a Mercy We Never Begged For Michael Todd CohenNovember 28, 2023 more Essays Letters in the Mail from Authors! Receive letters with creative prompts from some of our favorite authors written just for Rumpus readers and sent straight into your (snail) mailbox 2 x a month! Sign up for Letters! Fiction Rumpus Original Fiction: Three Flash Stories by Mandira Pattnaik Mandira PattnaikFebruary 12, 2024 Rumpus Original Fiction: Counting Aleksandra KamińskaJanuary 29, 2024 Rumpus Original Fiction: The Photograph Gladwell PambaJanuary 22, 2024 More Fiction What to Read When What To Read When The World Is On Fire Sarah Ruiz-GrossmanFebruary 9, 2024 What to Read When Falling in Love Hurts Andrés N. OrdoricaJanuary 26, 2024 The Rumpus’s Most Anticipated Books of (early) 2024 The RumpusDecember 22, 2023 More Lists Join the Rumpus Poetry Book Club to receive a new poetry collection every month and an invite to a subscriber-only video conversation with the author and a Rumpus Editor. Next up: Lynne Thompson’s Blue on a Blue Palette from BOA Editions. Subscribe by March 15, 2024 to start with this title. JOIN THE CLUB Poetry Let it tremble in riotous beauty: Ana Portnoy Brimmer’s To Love an Island Éric Morales-FranceschiniFebruary 7, 2024 Identifying a Mixed Flock: Dimitri Reyes’s Papi Pichón Basia WilsonNovember 14, 2023 From the Archive: Rumpus Original Poetry: Four Poems by Noor Hindi Noor HindiNovember 8, 2023 More Poetry Columns Voices on Addiction: Triggers and Warnings Natalie RoseJanuary 23, 2024 Funny Women: Post-Diversity Initiatives in Publishing Dara PassanoJanuary 12, 2024 ENOUGH: Ghost Ship Rachel R. BaumJanuary 9, 2024 More Columns Reviews Curiosity is the Devil’s Lure: Liliana Colanzi’s You Glow in the Dark Enrique Aureng SilvaFebruary 13, 2024 The Gravity of Displacement: Balsam Karam’s The Singularity Emily McBrideFebruary 6, 2024 Our Anesthetized Culture: Kyle Chayka’s Filterworld Rose CourteauJanuary 30, 2024 More Reviews Interviews Writing a Poem as An Act of Faith: A Conversation with Yalie Saweda Kamara Junious WardFebruary 12, 2024 I Had to Hold a Whole Ocean in My Hands: A Conversation with Ani Gjika Jung Hae ChaeFebruary 7, 2024 Reversing Reversal: A Conversation with Lisa Olstein Amanda HawkinsFebruary 5, 2024 More Interviews Even more Rumpus Become a Member! Become a MONTHLY or ANNUAL RUMPUS MEMBER and receive exclusive content, editorial insights, merch discounts, and more! Annual Members also receive access to submit their work year-round outside of our regular no-fee reading periods. Be a part of building a better Rumpus! Join today! COMMUNITY SUPPORT KEEPS THE MAGAZINE GOING! Founded in 2009 in San Francisco and now based in Asheville, NC (with editors and contributors all over the US and abroad!), The Rumpus is one of the longest-running online literary magazines around. We’ve been independent from the start, which means we’re not connected with any academic institution, wealthy benefactor, or part of a larger publishing company. The vast majority of the magazine’s funding comes from reader support. In other words, we can’t survive without YOU! Make a Tax-Deductible Donation Letters in the mail (from authors) Receive letters from some of our favorite authors written just for Rumpus readers and sent straight into your (snail) mailbox 2x a month! sign up now! Poetry Book Club Join the Rumpus Poetry Book Club to receive a new collection every month and an invite to a subscriber-only conversation with the author and a Rumpus Editor. Next up: Lynne Thompson’s Blue on a Blue Palette from BOA Editions. Subscribe by March 15, 2024 to start with this title. Join the CLUB! The Rumpus publishes original fiction, poetry, literary humor writing, comics, essays, book reviews, and interviews with authors and artists of all kinds. Our mostly volunteer-run magazine strives to be a platform for risk-taking voices and writing that might not find a home elsewhere. We lift up new voices alongside those of more established writers our readers may already know and love. We want to bring new perspectives into the conversation that will make us all look deeper. We believe that literature builds community—and if reading The Rumpus makes you feel more connected, please show your support! Get your Rumpus merch in our online store. Subscribe to the Rumpus Poetry Book Club and Letters in the Mail from authors. And join us by becoming a monthly or yearly Member. We support independent bookstores! 10% of sales on any titles purchased through our Bookshop.org page or affiliate links benefits the magazine. The Rumpus in your Inbox! Subscribe By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use regarding the storage of the data submitted through this form. The Rumpus Team About & Writers’ Guidelines Donate Advertise TOS and Privacy Policy © 2023, The Rumpus. Search for: Search Input your search keywords and press Enter. Sign up for the weekly Rumpus Once a week, we'll send you a roundup of what's new on the magazine, invites to upcoming events, open calls for submissions, and more! Subscribe By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use regarding the storage of the data submitted through this form.