Home | Homeland Security Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu Topics Topics Topics Border Security Citizenship and Immigration Cybersecurity Disasters Election Security Homeland Security Enterprise Human Trafficking Immigration and Customs Enforcement Preventing Terrorism and Targeted Violence Resilience Science and Technology Trade and Economic Security Transportation Security News News News All DHS News Apps Blog Comunicados de Prensa Data Events Fact Sheets Featured News Homeland Security LIVE Media Contacts Media Library National Terrorism Advisory System Press Releases Publications Library Social Media Speeches Subscribe Testimony In Focus In Focus In Focus Addressing Climate Change Artificial Intelligence at DHS Cybersecurity DHS at 20 Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Honoring Veterans Migration and Borders Operation Allies Welcome Recognizing DHS Excellence Uniting for Ukraine How Do I? How Do I? How Do I? Alphabetical Listing At DHS For Businesses For Travelers For the Public Get Involved Get Involved Get Involved #BeCyberSmart Blue Campaign Citizen Corps If You See Something, Say Something® Know2Protect Nationwide SAR Initiative REAL ID Ready.gov Stop the Bleed US Coast Guard Auxiliary About DHS About DHS About DHS Budget & Performance Contact Us Employee Resources History Homeland Security Careers In Memoriam Laws & Regulations Leadership Mission Organization Priorities Site Links Message from Secretary Mayorkas on the 21st Anniversary of our Department Read the Secretary's Message DHS Safety and Security Resources for Health Care Providers, Including Pharmacies View the Resources DHS Moves to Improve Supply Chain Resilience and Cybersecurity Within Our Maritime Critical Infrastructure Read the Fact Sheet DHS Launches First-of-its-Kind Initiative to Hire 50 Artificial Intelligence Experts in 2024 Learn How You Can Join Migration and Borders: Expanding Lawful Pathways + Enhanced Enforcement Learn more Women's History Month: Celebrating the Women of DHS Image During Women’s History Month, we recognize the many inspiring women leaders at the Department of Homeland Security for their dedication, accomplishments, and sacrifice. Celebrating the Women of DHS Uniting for Ukraine Image Uniting for Ukraine provides a pathway for displaced Ukrainian citizens and their immediate families to come to the United States. Learn More About Uniting for Ukraine Resources for Leaders of Faith-Based Communities, Organizations, and Institutions to Protect Against Targeted Violence Image DHS, and our partners, will continue to help community leaders prepare for and respond to a range of public safety challenges. View the Resources Addressing Climate Change Image DHS is committed to adapting and responding to the climate emergency. Addressing Climate Change Cybersecurity Image Enhancing the nation’s cybersecurity resilience is a top priority for DHS. DHS Response: Cybersecurity REAL ID Image Meet your new ID. The one that's ready to fly. Are You REAL ID Ready? News & Updates News & Updates February 26, 2024 | Blog DHS Safety and Security Resources for Health Care Providers, Including Pharmacies February 21, 2024 | Fact Sheets FACT SHEET: DHS Moves to Improve Supply Chain Resilience and Cybersecurity Within Our Maritime Critical Infrastructure February 18, 2024 | Press Releases Readout of Secretary Mayorkas’s Bilateral Meeting with People’s Republic of China State Councilor and Minister of Public Security Wang Xiaohong in Vienna, Austria February 7, 2024 | Press Releases DHS Works with NFL, Nevada, and Las Vegas Partners to Secure Super Bowl LVIII February 7, 2024 | Press Releases DHS Blue Campaign Partners with Lyft to Educate Rideshare Drivers About Human Trafficking Show me more News & Updates Homeland Security Careers Image How to Report Suspicious Activity Image Check Wait Times Image Cybersecurity Image Return to top Topics News In Focus How Do I? Get Involved About DHS DHS.gov An official website of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security About DHS Accessibility Budget and Performance DHS Components FOIA Requests No FEAR Act Data Privacy Policy Site Links Office of Inspector General The White House USA.gov Looking for U.S. government information and services? Visit USA.gov