Chicago Booth Review | The University of Chicago Booth School of Business This website uses cookies to ensure the best user experience. Privacy & Cookies Notice Accept Cookies Manage My Cookies Manage Cookie Preferences Accept All Cookies Reject All Cookies NECESSARY COOKIES These cookies are essential to enable the services to provide the requested feature, such as remembering you have logged in. ALWAYS ACTIVE Accept | Reject PERFORMANCE AND ANALYTIC COOKIES These cookies are used to collect information on how users interact with Chicago Booth websites allowing us to improve the user experience and optimize our site where needed based on these interactions. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. FUNCTIONAL COOKIES These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages or by us. TARGETING OR ADVERTISING COOKIES These cookies collect information about your browsing habits to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. The cookies will remember the website you have visited, and this information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers. SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our websites, or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social media site. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities. Confirm My Selections Search Booth Site The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Search Booth Site Monetary Policy Inequality Health Care Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Motivation Jobs +All CBR Topics Skip to main content The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Monetary Policy Inequality Health Care Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Motivation Jobs +All CBR Topics Home Chicago Booth Review Monetary Policy Inequality Health Care Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Motivation Jobs All Chicago Booth Review Topics HomeChicago Booth Review Monetary Policy Inequality Health Care Climate Change Artificial Intelligence Motivation Jobs All Chicago Booth Review Topics Chris Gash Chicago Booth Review We’ve Been Underestimating Discrimination New methods of measuring racism and sexism find a larger, systemic impact. We’ve Been Underestimating Discrimination Latest Most Read More Recent Stories Load More Get It Done with Ayelet Fishbach What’s the best way to set and manage goals and exercise self-control? In this Tiny Course, a series of short videos and quick quizzes can help you start to master the science of motivation. Get It Done with Ayelet Fishbach Editors’ Picks Why Hasn’t the Fed Done More to Fight Inflation? A simple explanation for the bank’s muted response to rising prices Why Hasn’t the Fed Done More to Fight Inflation? CBR - Monetary Policy Crises Change, So Make Contingency Plans A Q&A with Chicago Booth’s René Caldentey about crisis-ready supply-chain management Crises Change, So Make Contingency Plans CBR - Operations Management Can a Fictional Ad Man Help Sell Real Cigarettes? On-screen smoking can significantly boost tobacco sales. Can a Fictional Ad Man Help Sell Real Cigarettes? CBR - Marketing Latest from the Magazine A.I. Is Going to Disrupt the Labor Market. It Doesn’t Have to Destroy It. The decisions of companies, governments, and educators will help to shape the ultimate outcomes of the A.I. revolution. A.I. Is Going to Disrupt the Labor Market. It Doesn’t Have to Destroy It. A Blueprint for a Better Stock Exchange With the transformation of asset markets over the past two decades, ‘flow trading’ could offer a more flexible and fairer way to trade. A Blueprint for a Better Stock Exchange The Danger of Resentment and Social Exclusion A Q&A with Chicago Booth’s Alex Imas about the desire for exclusivity. The Danger of Resentment and Social Exclusion Online Banks Are Passing on Higher Rates Faster Their rapid response to monetary-policy changes benefits depositors and could have big implications for policy makers. Online Banks Are Passing on Higher Rates Faster In a Changing World, Embrace Ambiguity Companies are looking for executives who can navigate through uncertainty. In a Changing World, Embrace Ambiguity Big Finance Is Going Green. Smaller Finance, Not So Much The largest institutions have increasingly favored green stocks in recent years as small investors have done the opposite. Big Finance Is Going Green. Smaller Finance, Not So Much How Proactive Healthcare Can Save on Costs Regular, continuous care is good for patients, and could also benefit providers and insurers. How Proactive Healthcare Can Save on Costs Steve Jobs’s Complex Legacy Three shows reveal the Apple CEO’s impact on Silicon Valley culture. Steve Jobs’s Complex Legacy How Will A.I. Change the Labor Market? Economists consider how the technology will affect job prospects, higher education, and inequality. How Will A.I. Change the Labor Market? Your Privacy We want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. Please review Chicago Booth's privacy notice, which provides information explaining how and why we collect particular information when you visit our website. Sign Up for more Chicago Booth Review Sign Up for more Chicago Booth Review The University of Chicago Booth School of Business Explore CBR + All CBR Topics About Us All Issues Contact Us Chicago Booth Privacy Notice Accessibility Follow Chicago Booth Review Research driven insights on business, policy, and markets. © 2004-2024 Chicago Booth Review