Mintel - A Global Market Intelligence & Research Agency Mintel Leap - Game-changing Market Intelligence AI - Book a demo Mintel Leap - Game-changing Market Intelligence AI - Book a demo Mintel Leap - Game-changing Market Intelligence AI - Book a demo About Contact Press Events Store Login EN / ENGLISH Solutions Solutions From our syndicated to custom solutions – we’ll tell you exactly what you need to know. Consumers Find out everything you need to know about your customers so you can adapt your strategy to their changing needs. Innovation Innovation is at the heart of every successful enterprise strategy. It’s new products, new markets and new ideas that keep every industry’s leaders ahead of the game. Markets No two markets are exactly alike. What works in one place is no guarantee of success in another. We can be your eyes and ears in the markets that matter. Trends To understand our ever-evolving world, it’s helpful to zoom out and see the entire landscape. From there trends emerge that can direct and influence culture, brand and markets. Competitors Our competitive intelligence – your competitive advantage. Any advantage over the opposition can be transformative for your sales, your profits and your brand. Products Find your perfect fit. Explore our diverse product lineup of advanced market research solutions to help you drive better decision-making. Industries Industries Our industry solutions combine the latest market intelligence, industry insights and expert recommendations to help you anticipate what’s next. Advertising and Marketing Beauty and Personal Care Education and Libraries Financial Services Food and Drink Government Household Ingredients, Flavours and Fragrances Insurance Media and Content Producers Packaging Retail Sports, Gaming and Entertainment Technology Travel and Tourism TV, Phone and Internet Spotlight Get fresh perspectives, new data and groundbreaking analysis into the markets that matter with Mintel Spotlight. Subscribe Spotlight Get unique perspectives on industry trends, consumer behaviour and market dynamics, curated by our experts. Downloads Covering emerging trends across the year, we offer our expertise so you can strategise with certainty and confidence. Events Connect with industry leaders, uncover innovation opportunities, and spark growth through strategic thinking. Podcast Listen to thought-provoking conversations from industry leaders and seasoned experts, as they dissect the trends shaping your market. Topics Track trending themes in one convenient place. Browse to find the conversations that spark your interest. Pricing Book a demo Homepage Page September 2, 2022 2022 0 Mintel Leap. More time for Strategising Campaign planning Thought Leadership Advising Decision-making Book a demo Featured Downloads Consumer Research Download 2024 Global Consumer Trends Identifies five consumer behaviour trends that will shape consumer markets in 2024 and beyond. Download Food and Drink Download 2024 Global Food and Drink Trends Identifies three consumer behaviour trends that will shape food and drink markets in 2024 and beyond. Download Beauty and Personal Care Download 2024 Global Beauty and Personal Care Trends Identifies three consumer behaviour trends that will shape beauty and personal care markets in 2024 and beyond. Download Consumer Research Download Sustainability & Consumer Behaviours: How to engage your audience Our latest findings on sustainability and how businesses can evolve their sustainability strategy to secure future ROI & match changing consumer values in 2023. Download Advertising and Marketing Download 2024 Omnichannel Marketing Trends Learn how marketers can break through the noise with revitalized marketing strategies that call on pre-digital tactics, disrupt linear funnel thinking, and demonstrate a true commitment to action. Download Advertising and Marketing Download 2024 Telecom & Media Marketing Trends Learn how telecom and media brands will continuously challenge barriers to entry, recontextualize nostalgia, and emphasize consumer customization. Download Financial Services Download 2024 Financial Services Marketing Trends Learn how financial services brands are changing their messaging and product strategies to prioritize consumer-centric value, seamless experiences, and the preferences of younger generations. Download Insurance Download 2024 Insurance Marketing Trends Learn how insurance brands will reestablish their trust among consumers, engage with younger customers, and deploy more digital marketing in the year ahead and beyond. Download Discover the right Market Intelligence or Custom Insight solution for you Discover the right Market Intelligence or Custom Insight solution for you Launching a new product? Looking into market expansion? Conducting competitive analysis? Preparing for a big pitch? Mintel Leap Game-changing Market Intelligence AI delivering instant answers to your strategic questions. Mintel GNPD The definitive source to track and analyse global product innovation. Mintel Purchase Intelligence We know the new products people want to buy and why. Mintel Reports The smartest way to understand consumer markets. Mintel Market Sizes Markets sized, segmented and forecasted. Mintel Consulting Custom insight to help you make better strategic marketing decisions. Mintel Leap Game-changing Market Intelligence AI delivering instant answers to your strategic questions. Menu Insights Detailed menu analysis and trends: Sourced, explored, inspired. Mintel GNPD The definitive source to track and analyse global product innovation. Mintel Reports The smartest way to understand consumer markets. Mintel Trends Understand what’s new and next in consumer behaviour. Mintel Global Consumer Understand and compare consumers across 36 markets. Discover our products Working with the world’s leading businesses Unlock Your Market Potential. Knowledge, expertise and insight that helps you understand where to play and how to win. View our case studies View our case studies Mintel Store Get smart fast with our exclusive market research reports, delivering the latest data, innovation, trends and strategic recommendations. Buy now Make better decisions, faster From syndicated to custom solutions – we’ll tell you exactly what you need to know. Consumers Find out everything you need to know about your customers so you can adapt your strategy to their changing needs. Discover Innovation Innovation is at the heart of every successful enterprise strategy. It’s new products, new markets and new ideas that keep every industry’s leaders ahead of the game. Discover Markets No two markets are exactly alike. What works in one place is no guarantee of success in another. We can be your eyes and ears in the markets that matter. Discover Trends To understand our ever-evolving world, it’s helpful to zoom out and see the entire landscape. From there, trends emerge that can direct and influence culture, brand and markets. Discover Competitors Our competitive intelligence – your competitive advantage. Any advantage over the opposition can be transformative for your sales, your profits and your brand. Discover Get fresh perspectives, new data and groundbreaking analysis into the markets that matter with Mintel Spotlight. Article Packaging How the Packaging Industry Has Evolved Article Mintel Mintel Leap – Welcome to the future of Market Intelligence Read more Careers at Mintel Welcome to Mintel, where we nurture talent, encourage creativity and celebrate the very best and brightest minds. Current Openings We’d love to learn more about you and what you can bring to Mintel. Check out our current openings. Discover jobs Career Development Looking for more reasons to choose Mintel as the place to develop your professional career? Find out more Our Impact We are driven to make an impact where it matters – in our jobs, our communities and ourselves. Find out more Join Mintel Spotlight Get fresh perspectives, new data and groundbreaking analysis into the markets that matter with Mintel Spotlight. Subscribe Products Comperemedia Direct Comperemedia Omni Consulting Field Services Global Consumer GNPD Leap Market Sizes Menu Insights Purchase Intelligence Reports Trends Company About Bug Bounty Program Careers Contact Corporate Responsibility ERDF Events Press Store Spotlight Spotlight Subscribe Legal Cookie Policy Gender Pay Gap Legal & Compliance Modern Slavery Act Privacy Policy Terms of Use EN / ENGLISH EN / ENGLISH © 2024 Mintel Group Ltd. All rights reserved. | 沪ICP备17034376号. Sitemap Search Solutions Consumers Find out everything you need to know about your customers so you can adapt your strategy to their changing needs. Innovation Innovation is at the heart of every successful enterprise strategy. It’s new products, new markets and new ideas that keep every industry’s leaders ahead of the game. Markets No two markets are exactly alike. What works in one place is no guarantee of success in another. We can be your eyes and ears in the markets that matter. Trends To understand our ever-evolving world, it’s helpful to zoom out and see the entire landscape. From there trends emerge that can direct and influence culture, brand and markets. Competitors Our competitive intelligence – your competitive advantage. Any advantage over the opposition can be transformative for your sales, your profits and your brand. Products Find your perfect fit. Explore our diverse product lineup of advanced market research solutions to help you drive better decision-making. Industries Our industry solutions combine the latest market intelligence, industry insights and expert recommendations to help you anticipate what’s next. Advertising and Marketing Beauty and Personal Care Education and Libraries Financial Services Food and Drink Government Household Ingredients, Flavours and Fragrances Insurance Media and Content Producers Packaging Retail Sports, Gaming and Entertainment Technology Travel and Tourism TV, Phone and Internet Spotlight Get fresh perspectives, new data and groundbreaking analysis into the markets that matter with Mintel Spotlight. Spotlight Get unique perspectives on industry trends, consumer behaviour and market dynamics, curated by our experts. Downloads Covering emerging trends across the year, we offer our expertise so you can strategise with certainty and confidence. Events Connect with industry leaders, uncover innovation opportunities, and spark growth through strategic thinking. Podcast Listen to thought-provoking conversations from industry leaders and seasoned experts, as they dissect the trends shaping your market. Topics Track trending themes in one convenient place. Browse to find the conversations that spark your interest. Pricing Company About Contact Press Events Store Login EN / ENGLISH Book a demo Login EN / ENGLISH CN / 中文 DE / DEUTSCH ES / ESPAÑOL FR / FRANÇAIS JP / 日本語 KR / 한국어 PL / POLSKI PT / PORTUGUÊS TH / THAI