Home | CCHR Florida Free Baker Act Help 800-782-2878 info@cchrflorida.org Facebook X Instagram Facebook X Instagram The Baker Act ECT Suicide & Violence News Events Donate Select Page Parents' Bill of RightsOn July 1, 2021, Florida’s Parents’ Bill of Rights became law. As a parent, you need to know and understand these rights. CCHR has created a series of 15-30 second videos to help explain some of these rights as well as a simple booklet that can be downloaded. FIND OUT MORE The Baker ActThe Baker Act is the Florida mental health law that allows people of all ages, including children, to be held involuntarily for up to 72 hours in a psychiatric facility for an examination. It is important for people to know their rights under this law and how they can protect themselves and their family. FIND OUT MORE Suicide & ViolenceCCHR Florida warns Lawmakers that Psychotropic Drugs may contribute to Violence and Suicide. Learn More #BanECT“One fact about ECT:It damages the brain. Period.ECT should have been banned 50 years ago.”— Dr. Norman Shealy, Neurosurgeon More Info Help Fight Psychiatric Human Rights Abuses! What is CCHR? What Is the Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR)? The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) is a nonprofit watchdog organization that investigates and exposes abuse in the mental health industry. Find Out More Report Abuse! Why We Fight! Often times people who seek help from psychiatrists, psychologists and other mental health workers, are falsely diagnosed and forced to undergo unwanted and harmful psychiatric treatments, involuntary commitment or electroshock. Report Abuse! Become a Member Support CCHR! As a non-profit mental health watchdog, CCHR relies on memberships and donations in order to continue its mission. Donations of any amount are appreciated and are tax-deductible. To make a donation and become a member please click below. Become a Member Parental Rights It is a fundamental right of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and care of their minor children. Important information relating to a minor child should not be withheld, either inadvertently or purposefully, from his or her parent, including information relating to the minor child’s health, mental health, well-being, and education. A list of “Parental Rights” has been compiled using existing rights understood to be guaranteed to a parent so that all parents can easily know and understand their rights. FIND OUT MORE Psychiatry: An Industry of Death Museum A leading proponent for exposing mental health atrocities ramps up its Florida presence with a facility that includes a Psychiatry: An Industry of Death museum and a targeted focus on psychiatric abuses both locally and throughout the world. The museum presents the unvarnished history of psychiatry across fourteen audio-visual displays, each revealing another aspect of psychiatric abuse and violations of human rights. You are invited to tour this museum. This entirely self-guided tour includes documentaries and displays of psychiatry’s most harmful treatments. It is the definitive resource on historical and contemporary psychiatric theories and practices. The museum is free to the public and is open 7 days a week. Photo Gallery Free Information Kit Restoring Human Rights and Dignity to the Field of Mental Health What should you know about psychiatry’s “cures” in the name of mental health? How valid are psychiatrists’ diagnoses—and how safe are their drugs? The answers are contained in this information kit, which is provided free to legislators, government officials, medical and legal professionals, and human rights and advocacy organizations. Request a Free Kit “Psychiatry does not commit human rights abuse. It is a human rights abuse.” ~ Dr. Thomas SzaszProfessor Emeritus in Psychiatry and Co-Founder of CCHR Voices for Humanity – A Stand for Rights in the Sunshine State Watch the full episode here TAKE ACTION & MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD! Florida Residents Only: Something that is very much needed is for people like yourself to sign up for CCHR Florida’s Call-to-Action Email Alerts. Once added, you will receive any future Alerts on important mental health human rights issues such as: Involuntary Examination (Baker Act) Mental Health Screening Mental Health Education Psychiatric Drug Dangers Electroshock Parental Rights To see how easy it is, here is a 60 second video that demonstrates how the alerts work. Sign Me Up! LATEST NEWS The Baker Act and Your Rights: One Attorney’s Perspective By: Dr. Stephen Talmadge Ph.D. psychology | Attorney INTRODUCTION I will address many questions about Baker Acts and will present ... CCHR Florida February 8, 2024 Baker Act Testimonials – The Baker Act These are letters and emails thanking CCHR Florida for the help provided to families: “Thanks for sending the documents, for ... CCHR Florida February 8, 2024 Baker Act CCHR Florida Takes Home the Platinum Award for Government Relations in Campaign to Protect Children Recognized for their outstanding work, CCHR organized a campaign that helped pass key pieces of legislation protecting children and parental ... CCHR Florida November 2, 2022 Baker Act Human Rights Expert: Is ECT making mental healthcare better or worse? What Is ECT? Electroconvulsive therapy sends electricity through the brain. The voltage can be as high as 460, and the current ... CCHR Florida November 2, 2022 Rights Human Rights Expert: Why Everyone Should Care About Coercive Psychiatry To Lead the World in Freedom, We Must Start With Mental Health Around the world, civil liberties are declining. People in ... CCHR Florida July 26, 2022 Rights Mass Acts of Violence in Our Communities, Are We Asking the Right Questions? More than 30 studies, drug regulatory agency warnings and expert opinion link psychotropic drugs to violent and suicidal behavior. According ... CCHR Florida June 14, 2022 Mass Violence CCHR Florida Wins the 2022 Social Impact Award: Campaign Protects Children and Parental Rights The international Social Impact Awards honor communicators who use their platforms to better their community and the global community at ... CCHR Florida May 24, 2022 Baker Act CCHR Florida Receives PRNEWS Nonprofit Award 2022 for Social Responsibility Awarded for outstanding work, CCHR developed a successful strategy to organize a campaign resulting in the passing of legislation to ... CCHR Florida April 20, 2022 Rights This April, CCHR Reminds You to Not Only Eliminate Stress but to Also Avoid Dangerous Solutions In honor of April being Stress Awareness Month, CCHR provides tips to combat stress while avoiding false solutions that could ... CCHR Florida April 7, 2022 Mental Illness Human Rights Expert: Why We Need a Foster Child Bill of Rights Legislation Can Make a Positive Difference For a range of reasons still being explored, the foster care system suffers from ... CCHR Florida July 26, 2022 Children and Teens Human Rights Expert: What the Mental Health Industry Gets Wrong About Suicide Prevention Money May Fuel the Problem of Poor Mental Health Care Even though professionals have reframed mental distresses in different ways ... CCHR Florida February 17, 2022 Suicide Holiday Suicide Myths: Contrary to Beliefs, CDC Reports that Suicide Rates are Lowest in December The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) states that the holiday suicide myth supports misinformation about suicide and might actually hinder ... CCHR Florida January 23, 2024 Suicide CCHR Florida The Citizens Commission on Human Rights of Florida is an award winning non-profit watchdog organization that investigates and exposes psychiatric abuse and educates the public about their rights in the field of mental health. CCHR Florida provides only facts and does not provide medical or legal advice. Our office recommends that an individual seek a competent medical examination by a non-psychiatric medical professional. Awards Contact CCHR Florida 109 N. Fort Harrison Ave. Clearwater, Florida 33755 Tel: 1-800-782-2878 Free Help and Consultation Call 800-782-2878 DONATE © 2023 CCHR Florida. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Newsletter Signup SIGN UP FOR THE LATEST NEWS "*" indicates required fields Name* First Last City* Email Address* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Δ ×