How to Help Refugees — Aid, Relief and Donations | USA for UNHCR Donate Refugee Facts What We Do Emergencies News How To Help Search Refugee Facts What We Do Emergencies News How To Help Search About Us Contact Us Back to Gift Store > × Change Lives in Ukraine Two years later, displaced families still struggle to find safety, have hope and rebuild their lives. Your generosity today will make an impact. DONATE NOW Sign up to learn more about refugees: Global Impact of Our Donors Help 12 million Displaced individuals and individuals of concern received medical care Hope 6.2 million Displaced individuals received social protection services Home 114,300 Refugees resettled worldwide in 2022 Learn About Us Mission USA for UNHCR protects refugees and empowers them with hope and opportunity. Responding to emergencies and providing long-term solutions for refugees Livelihoods Cash Assistance Innovation Education See All Programs The Latest News UNHCR: Chad fears ‘very real’ prospect of more Sudanese refugee arrivals, needs support UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, is increasingly concerned that more refugees will cross to Chad from Darfur in the coming weeks amid a worrying lack of food and other essentials. Learn More Microcredit helps Ukrainian refugees start businesses in Georgia A program that provides business mentoring and micro-finance to Ukrainian entrepreneurs in Georgia is helping them support themselves and other refugees. Learn More LGBTIQ+ advocate from Ukraine creates new life in D.C. thanks to sponsorship program Anton Levdyk, a Ukrainian refugee and LGBTIQ+ advocate, is finding community and support in D.C. through Uniting for Ukraine, a program that provides a legal pathway for eligible Ukrainians to enter the U.S. as humanitarian parolees. Learn More Twice displaced by war in Ukraine, but refusing to give up Yana Liubymova uses her experience of displacement to support and advocate for other Ukrainians forced to flee. Learn More Key Takeaways from UNHCR 2023 Emergency Preparedness and Response Report Here are four key takeaways you need to know from UNHCR’s 2023 Emergency Preparedness and Response Report. Learn More 5 Things You Should Know About the War in Ukraine The war in Ukraine displaced millions of people within the country and into neighboring countries—uprooting one-third of Ukraine's total population. Two years into the war, here are five things to know. Learn More How You Can Help Fundraise Communities across the U.S. are making a difference in the lives of refugees every single day. You can too. Learn More Donate Help deliver urgent aid. Your support can provide lifesaving care - and hope for a better future. Donate NOW Advocate Join thousands of Americans who are standing in support of refugees and displaced people worldwide. Take Action Help Refugee Families As a monthly donor, you'll become one of our most valued partners, and you’ll know that every day you are helping to bring hope, comfort and support to the world's most vulnerable people. Donate Now The Basics Refugee Facts What We Do Emergencies News How To Help About Us Overview Our Team Our Partners The HIVE Finances Careers FAQ Contact Us General Inquiries Donor Contact Planned Giving Contact Community Fundraising Contact Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Email updates 1310 L ST NW, STE 450, Washington, DC 20005 1-(855)-808-6427 EIN 52-1662800 Privacy Policy ©2024 USA for UNHCR