Stardock Stardock.com Navigation Software Object Desktop Your complete Windows customization suite. Start11 Customize the Start Menu and Taskbar in Windows 10/11. Fences 5 Automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on Windows 10 and 11. DeskScapes Personalize your desktop background with animated pictures and video. Multiplicity Connect multiple PCs with one keyboard and mouse. Groupy 2 Organize multiple applications into grouped tabs on your Windows desktop. CursorFX Customize your Windows cursor and create your own. SpaceMonger Quickly free up storage space on PCs and shared-networks. WindowBlinds 11 Customize the look and feel of your taskbar, window frames, and more. View All Software Products Discover our productivity and customization tools. Corporate Software Solutions Increase productivity, design intelligent controls and reinforce branding with our enterprise products. Games Galactic Civilizations Discover new adventures and rule the galaxy your way in this 4X space strategy game. Sins of a Solar Empire II Real-time strategy. Unrivaled scale. Star Control The space action/adventure classic returns. The Political Machine 2024 Win the hearts and minds of America's voters. Ashes of the Singularity Massive-scale warfare in an epic RTS. Offworld Trading Company Save humanity. Turn a profit. Preferably both. All Games Check out our complete catalog of award-winning games. Community Stay up-to-date with game news and dev journals. Metaverse See how you rank against other players in your favorite games. Wikis Immerse yourself in game lore, tutorials, and more. Community Software Games Discord Wikis WinCustomize News Community Challenge Unveiled: "Flight of the Phalenoids" for GalCiv IV: SupernovaStart11 v2 2.06 Arrives with New FeaturesSteam Playtest Now Available for The Political Machine 2024Announcing Object Desktop Insider with Start11 v2 and Fences 5 on ARMGalactic Civilizations IV: Supernova - v2.31 Stability and Enhancement Update All News > Blog Start11 v2 2.06 Arrives with New FeaturesReleasing Start11 v2 2.05 with a New EnhancementFences 5 is Coming to SteamStart11 v2 is headed to SteamStart11 v2 Makes Searching Better, Private All Blogs > Support Forums Search Stardock Corporation Home Page Pre-order Now: Join the Playtest Win the hearts and minds of America’s voters and take the 2024 presidential election by storm in Stardock’s popular political strategy game. Pre-Order Now v5 Now Available Automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on Windows 10 and 11. Get it Now Now Available Explore, colonize, shape cultures, forge alliances, and pioneer tech in this epic space strategy. Get it Now Now Available The industry's most advanced Start Menu customization program. Get it Now Now Available Keep your desktop organized with the only universal tab experience for Windows 10/11. Get it Now Join the Battle Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time strategy game with unrivaled scale! Get it Now Now Available The complete productivity and personalization suite for Windows. Get it Now Your Windows Powerhouse Suite Object Desktop allows you to organize, create, control, and customize. Get started >> Join the Battle Players can battle for galactic dominance in our ultimate 4X real-time strategy game, Sins of a Solar Empire II. See for yourself >> Announcements March 29, 2024 Community Challenge Unveiled: "Flight of the Phalenoids" for GalCiv IV: Supernova February 28, 2024 Start11 v2 2.06 Arrives with New Features February 21, 2024 Steam Playtest Now Available for The Political Machine 2024 February 20, 2024 Announcing Object Desktop Insider with Start11 v2 and Fences 5 on ARM February 15, 2024 Galactic Civilizations IV: Supernova - v2.31 Stability and Enhancement Update Our Software Customize your Windows experience with this complete suite of desktop enhancement products. LEARN MORE Automatically organize your desktop apps, files, and folders on Windows 10 and 11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Customize the Start Menu and Taskbar in Windows 10/11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Keep your desktop organized with the only universal tab experience for Windows 10 and 11. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Customize the look and feel of your Windows 10/11 Start menu, taskbar, window frames, and control buttons. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Instantly connect multiple PCs and move files between them using a single keyboard and mouse. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Our Games Explore, colonize, shape cultures, forge alliances, and pioneer tech in this epic space strategy. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Battle for galactic dominance in this real-time strategy game with unrivaled scale! LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Your mission: Save humanity, Captain. At all costs and by any means necessary. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Win the hearts and minds of America's voters and take the 2024 presidential election by storm. LEARN MORE | PRE-ORDER A massive-scale real-time strategy game where you command entire armies on a dynamic battlefield. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Mars has been colonized, and competition is fierce in this fast-paced economic RTS. LEARN MORE | VIEW TRAILER Transform Galaxies Learn more about careers at Stardock. Explore Careers Stardock.com Footer Software Object Desktop Corporate Solutions Start11 Fences 5 DeskScapes Multiplicity Groupy 2 Partner Software Games Galactic Civilizations IV Sins of a Solar Empire II Star Control The Political Machine Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation Offworld Trading Company Siege of Centauri Sorcerer King: Rivals Company About Blog Management Team Careers News Press Assets Contact Us Forums Support My Account Create an Account Product Keys Reset Password Update Account Info Sign up for our newsletter Subscribe © 2024 Stardock Site Map Terms Privacy DMCA Thank you! Please check your email for a confirmation link. Once confirmed, you can look forward to receiving exclusive specials and announcements direct from Stardock. Need to unsubscribe?