Home | Institute for Healthcare Improvement Skip to main content My IHI Help Donate English English Improvement Areas Toggle submenu View All Improvement Areas Discover free resources and tools, learning opportunities to build your knowledge and skills, and IHI leadership and expertise in key topics. Health Equity Improvement Capability Patient Safety Triple Aim and Population Health Whole System Quality Workforce Safety Workforce Well-Being and Joy in Work Image IHI's Work Is Grounded in Improvement Science IHI uses and teaches practical quality improvement methods to enable sustainable changes in all aspects of health and health care. Learn More Education Toggle submenu Education Overview Learn, connect, and grow with numerous IHI educational opportunities, designed with your needs in mind. Conferences Training Fellowship Program Certified Professional in Patient Safety Earn your CPPS credentials by demonstrating a high level of proficiency in the core patient safety standards. IHI Open School Online courses are an easy and effective way to gain essential training and skills — on your own time, at your pace. Subscriptions Curriculum Continuing Education Education Platform Login Access your online training and courses. Image IHI Patient Safety Congress On May 14–16, join health professionals from around the world who are passionate about ensuring safe, equitable care wherever it’s provided – from the hospital to outpatient settings to the home.​ Learn More Consulting Toggle submenu Health & Health Care Consulting IHI provides improvement expertise, methods, tools, and best practices to address key health care challenges. Assessment Strategic Consulting Transformation Consulting Who We Help Our work includes partnering with health systems, community-based organizations, foundations, industry partners, and governments across the globe. Image Experience and Expertise IHI’s consulting team partners with you to co-design support and solutions tailored for your specific context and improvement needs, including assessment, strategy, capability-building, and transformation. Learn More Networks & Initiatives Toggle submenu Networks Leadership Alliance Health Improvement Alliance Europe Initiatives Age-Friendly Health Systems IHI Lucian Leape Institute National Steering Committee for Patient Safety Patient Safety Awareness Week Rise to Health Coalition The Conversation Project Image Breaking the Rules for Better Care How many rules, created with the best of intentions, don’t benefit patients, families, or staff? Breaking the Rules for Better Care, an IHI Leadership Alliance initiative, encourages health systems to identify health care “rules” that get in the way of the care experience. Learn More Resources Toggle submenu View All Resources How to Improve Insights Tools White Papers Publications Image IHI Framework for Improving Joy in Work With burnout and staff turnover in health care continuing to rise at alarming rates, this white paper describes a framework with nine critical components to improve joy in work and workforce well-being. Learn More About Toggle submenu About IHI For more than 30 years, IHI has used improvement science to advance and sustain better outcomes in health and health care across the world. Vision, Mission, Values History People Finances News Careers Image Improving Health and Health Care Worldwide IHI brings awareness of safety and quality to millions, catalyzes learning and the systematic improvement of care, develops solutions to previously intractable challenges, and mobilizes health systems, communities, regions, and nations to reduce harm and deaths. Learn More Home Driving Health Care Forward Through Insights and Innovations In large systems and small villages, we have taken improvement methods and applied them to improving all aspects of health and health care. Learn More Image We use improvement science to advance and sustain better outcomes in health and health care across the world. Who We Help 8.7 Million IHI Open School courses completed 42 Countries in which IHI is working 19 Global Strategic Partners 3,000+ Recognized Age-Friendly Health Systems Who We Help Image We build improvement capability by providing people with methods and tools to make care better. IHI Open School IHI Open Sc​hool ​​online courses include 35+ continuing education credits for nurses, physicians, and pharmacists, as well as a ​Basic Certificate in Quality and Safety. Learn More Training Training programs are designed to foster collaborative learning and hands-on experiences, ensuring that you gain practical skills and insights. Learn More Access IHI Open School Already an IHI Open School subscriber? Login to the IHI Education Platform and continue your learning journey. IHI Education Platform Image We convene and create connections to enable knowledge sharing and peer learning for system-wide improvement. Conferences IHI’s world-class conferences offer opportunities to learn the latest improvement ideas, connect with like-minded colleagues, and generate momentum for ch​ange in your organization.​​ Learn More Leadership Alliance An exclusive leadership initiative for ambitious health care system executives and their teams. Learn More Health Improvement Alliance Europe Progressive leaders united for change, driven by collaboration, and focused on achieving health and health care results in Europe. Learn More Image We partner with you to improve health and health care at all levels of your system. Consulting Our experienced consultants provide you with the methods, tools, and best practices to address the challenges your organization faces. Learn More Resources IHI offers a wealth of free tools, white papers, publications, audio and video, insights, and other resources to support your efforts to improve health care quality and safety. Learn More James Laughton, MD Hamad Medical Corporation Hamad Medical Corporation "The quality of IHI's content and learning continues to be inspiring." Education Angela Kramer Director, Ba​yCare Health System Director, Ba​yCare Health System "The best conference in health care." IHI Forum Ann Lewis Chief Executive Officer, CareSouth Carolina, Inc. Chief Executive Officer, CareSouth Carolina, Inc. "The opportunity to gather with folks who are like-minded around ‘let’s do something, let’s make something happen’." Networks Jo Evans Senior Improvement Advisor, Haelo Senior Improvement Advisor, Haelo "IHI is a world leader in its field." Initiatives Image Science of Improvement Methodology IHI applies practical improvement science and methods to improve and sustain performance in health and health systems across the world. We generate optimism, harvest fresh ideas, and strengthen local capabilities. Our Approach IHI Patient Safety Congress The IHI Patient Safety Congress on May 14–16, 2024, is the must-attend conference for those who continue to shape ​​smarter, safer, more equitable care for patients wherever it’s provided — from the hospital and outpatient settings to the home.​​​​​​​​​​​​ Learn More Image Featured Resources Image Insights Centering What Matters: The Core of Age-Friendly Care Tools SBAR Tool: Situation-Background-Assessment-Recommendation Insights From Hospitals to Everyday Life: Using Quality Improvement Skills to Tackle Problems White Papers Whole System Quality View Resources Subscribe to hear the latest from IHI. * Required fields About Contact Careers News © Institute for Healthcare Improvement. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Privacy Terms of Use Accessibility Statement