MIT News | Massachusetts Institute of Technology Skip to content ↓ Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT Top Menu↓ Education Research Innovation Admissions + Aid Campus Life News Alumni About MIT More ↓ Search MIT Search websites, locations, and people See More Results Suggestions or feedback? MIT News | Massachusetts Institute of Technology Subscribe to MIT News newsletter Browse Enter keywords to search for news articles: Submit Browse By Topics View All → Explore: Machine learning Social justice Startups Black holes Classes and programs Departments View All → Explore: Aeronautics and Astronautics Brain and Cognitive Sciences Architecture Political Science Mechanical Engineering Centers, Labs, & Programs View All → Explore: Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL) Picower Institute for Learning and Memory Media Lab Lincoln Laboratory Schools School of Architecture + Planning School of Engineering School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Sloan School of Management School of Science MIT Schwarzman College of Computing View all news coverage of MIT in the media → Listen to audio content from MIT News → Subscribe to MIT newsletter → Close 📬 Want a dose of MIT in your inbox? Subscribe to the MIT Daily and/or MIT Weekly newsletters. Top News Exposure to different kinds of music influences how the brain interprets rhythm A study of people in 15 countries reveals that while everyone favors rhythms with simple integer ratios, biases can vary quite a bit across societies. Read full story → Today’s Featured News Podcast: Curiosity Unbounded, Episode 7 — Staying radical and relevant President Sally Kornbluth talks with Associate Professor Skylar Tibbits about 4D printing and self-assembling materials, and why design at MIT is unique. Read transcript → Using generative AI to improve software testing MIT spinout DataCebo helps companies bolster their datasets by creating synthetic data that mimic the real thing. Read full story → Tests show high-temperature superconducting magnets are ready for fusion Detailed study of magnets built by MIT and CFS confirms they meet requirements for an economic, compact fusion power plant. Read full story → Study determines the original orientations of rocks drilled on Mars The “oriented” samples, the first of their kind from any planet, could shed light on Mars’ ancient magnetic field. Read full story → In the Media - New York Times Prof. Jonathan Gruber, MIT Innovation Fellow Brian Deese and Stanford doctoral student Ryan Cummings write for The New York Times about the health benefits of new weight-loss drugs and the risk they pose to American taxpayers. “The magnitude of potential benefit and potential cost — roughly $15,000 per year per person — posed by these drugs suggests that policymakers may have no alternative but to step in and bring their costs in line with their social benefits,” they write. “If policymakers succeed in doing so, we could build a model for drug price negotiation that enables an extraordinary medical breakthrough to improve both our health and our fiscal position.” Learn more → In the Media - The Boston Globe Prof. Daniela Rus, director of CSAIL, speaks with Boston Globe reporter Evan Sellinger about her new book, “The Heart and the Chip: Our Bright Future With Robots,” in which she makes the case that in the future robots and humans will be able to team up to create a better world. “I want to highlight that machines don’t have to compete with humans, because we each have different strengths. Humans have wisdom. Machines have speed, can process large numbers, and can do many dull, dirty, and dangerous tasks,” Rus explains. “I see robots as helpers for our jobs. They’ll take on the routine, repetitive tasks, ensuring human workers focus on more complex and meaningful work.” Learn more → Looking for audio? Listen to the MIT News podcast → Recent Highlights Four-peat: MIT students take first place in the 84th Putnam Math Competition MIT undergrads win top five spots for the fourth year in a row and capture the Elizabeth Lowell Putnam Prize. Read full story → At Sustainability Connect 2024, a look at how MIT is decarbonizing its campus The event featured updates from faculty and staff from across MIT, as well as a panel on communicating climate in the media. Read full story → School of Science announces 2024 Infinite Expansion Awards Nine postdocs and research scientists honored for contributions to the Institute. Read full story → Startup accelerates progress toward light-speed computing Lightmatter, founded by three MIT alumni, is using photonic technologies to reinvent how chips communicate and calculate. Read full story → A careful rethinking of the Iraq War Roger Petersen’s new book details military operations and political dynamics in Iraq, shedding new light on the challenges of state-building. Read full story → Dealing with the limitations of our noisy world Tamara Broderick uses statistical approaches to understand and quantify the uncertainty that can affect study results. Read full story → Professor Edward Roberts, management scholar, champion of entrepreneurship, and “MIT icon,” dies at 88 Identifying keys to successful tech-based business, he helped generations of MIT students and faculty to start firms. Read full story → First-year MIT students gain hands-on research experience in supportive peer community Mini-UROP program connects first-years with graduate students and postdocs for enriched learning. Read full story → More MIT News articles In the Media Financial Times Writing for the Financial Times, Prof. Kristin Forbes delves into her new study examining how quantitative tightening (QT) programs impact markets. “QT programs have, so far, been working as central banks intended,” Forbes writes. “At the same time, they have provided a small degree of support for central banks’ efforts to tighten financial conditions, with minimal impact on market functioning and liquidity. QT has worked in the opposite direction to quantitative easing, but the effects are much, much more muted.” Learn more → CNBC Prof. Stuart Madnick speaks with CNBC reporter Kevin Williams about how the rise of generative AI technologies could lead to cyber attacks on physical infrastructure. “If you cause a power plant to stop from a typical cyberattack, it will be back up and online pretty quickly,” Madnick explains, “but if hackers cause it to explode or burn down, you are not back online a day or two later; it will be weeks and months because a lot of the parts in these specialized systems are custom made.” Learn more → TechCrunch TechCrunch reporter Haje Jan Kamps spotlights AgZen, an MIT startup that has developed a new tool that utilizes AI to optimize the use of pesticides and avoid over application. “The real winner in all of this may prove to be public health and the environment. With studies indicating widespread contamination of agricultural streams, wells, and aquifers due to pesticide runoff, and the global soil at high risk of pesticide pollution, agtech companies are scrambling for solutions,” writes Jan Kamps. “By reducing foliar pesticide usage by 30% to 50%, AgZen’s technology might help mitigate these impacts, aligning with the critical need for improved spray efficiency highlighted in recent reports.” Learn more → Tech Briefs Prof. Skylar Tibbits speaks with Tech Briefs reporter Andrew Corselli about his team’s work developing a new “additive manufacturing technique that can print rapidly with liquid metal, producing large-scale parts like table legs and chair frames in a matter of minutes.” Of his advice for engineers aiming to bring their ideas to fruition, Tibbits emphasizes: “Work hard, fail a lot, keep trying, don’t give up, and have amazing people around you. We're a research lab, so our whole goal is to go from impossible to possible. So, we're allowed to fail; we're not limited by profitability or customer demand or economy.” Learn more → New York Times Style Magazine New York Times Style Magazine reporter Susan Dominus spotlights the “maximalist, category-defying work” of MIT Prof. Emerita Joan Jonas, who is being honored with a retrospective at the MoMA. “Perception is something that really is an important part of my thinking,” Jonas explains. “How does the audience perceive my work? How does my work change their perception?” Michael Rakowitz SMVisS ’98 notes that Jonas, “is a foundational and transformative figure not just in the realm of video and performance and feminist art but in art that moves away from anthropocentrism.” Learn more → Fast Company Prof. Charles Stewart III and Ben Adida PhD ’06 speak with Fast Company reporter Spenser Mestel about how to restore the public’s faith in voting technology. Adida discusses his work launching VotingWorks, a non-profit focused on building voting machines. VotingWorks is “unique among the legacy voting technology vendors," writes Mestel. “The group has disclosed everything, from its donors to the prices of its machines.” Learn more → New York Times Prof. Nathaniel Hendren and Prof. Justin Steil speak with New York Times reporter Jason DeParle about the difficulty in building affordable housing in opportunity-rich neighborhoods. “A lot has changed in American life over the past 50 years, but the hostility to affordable housing has remained surprisingly durable,” Steil explains. “Where you grow up matters a great deal for shaping your life outcomes,” Hendren adds. Learn more → The Hill Writing for The Hill, Prof. Christopher Knittel and graduate student Kailin Graham emphasize the importance of ensuring the transition away from fossil fuels is an equitable process that provides support for vulnerable workers. “If we’re serious about achieving a truly just transition, far more federal policy action is needed,” they write. Learn more → MIT Technology Review Senior Research Scientist Lisa Barsotti speaks with MIT Technology Review reporter Sophia Chen about how she and her colleagues developed a new device that uses quantum squeezing to help the LIGO detectors identify more celestial events, such as black hole mergers and neutron star collisions. “With these latest squeezing innovations, installed last year, the collaboration expects to detect gravitational waves up to 65% more frequently than before,” Chen explains. Learn more → New Scientist MIT scientists have found that an experimental treatment for Alzheimer's disease involving sounds and flickering lights appears to “ramp up the brain’s waste disposal networks, which boosts the clearance of beta-amyloid and other toxic proteins that contribute to memory and concentration problems,” reports Clare Wilson for New Scientist. “Once we understand the mechanism, we can probably figure out how to further optimize this whole concept and improve the efficacy,” explains Prof. Li-Huei Tsai. Learn more → Previous news clip Next news clip View all news coverage of MIT in the media → Press Inquiries → Featured Multimedia Play video In 2.679 (Electronics for Mechanical Systems II), MIT mechanical engineering students imagine something they would like to build, learn about electronic principles and how to apply them to create mechanical systems through all stages of design, fabrication to assembly. Play video Nervous System is a generative design studio that works at the intersection of science, art, and technology. Participants used custom computational design tools to construct surfaces with complex curvature from flat materials like paper, wood, or metal. Play video "So much of what I'm trying to teach is really for us to just use the literary arts as an excuse to come together and celebrate being alive," says Joshua Bennett, professor of literature and distinguished chair of the humanities at MIT. Play video The Climate Project at MIT will focus our community’s talent and resources on solving critical climate problems with all possible speed – and will connect us with a range of partners to deliver those technological, behavioral and policy solutions to the world. Play video MIT researchers have developed an additive manufacturing technique that can print rapidly with liquid metal, producing large-scale parts like table legs and chair frames in a matter of minutes. Play video By blending 2D images with foundation models to build 3D feature fields, a new MIT method helps robots understand and manipulate nearby objects with open-ended language prompts. Previous news clip Next news clip View more videos on MIT's YouTube channel → More News Three Lincoln Laboratory inventions named IEEE Milestones Achievements in air traffic control, microelectronics, and lasers are recognized for their lasting benefit to humanity. Read full story → Eight from MIT named 2024 Sloan Research Fellows Fellows honored for creativity, innovation, and research accomplishments. Read full story → Power when the sun doesn’t shine With batteries based on iron and air, Form Energy leverages MIT research to incorporate renewables into the grid. Read full story → Brain surgery training from an avatar MIT.nano Immersion Lab works with AR/VR startup to create transcontinental medical instruction. Read full story → How cognition changes before dementia hits Study finds language-processing difficulties are an indicator — in addition to memory loss — of amnestic mild cognitive impairment. Read full story → The MIT Press announces Grant Program for Diverse Voices recipients for 2024 Grant recipients bring new perspectives to the world through the MIT Press. Read full story → 3 Questions: Shaping the future of work in an age of AI Daron Acemoglu, David Autor, and Simon Johnson describe the new MIT Shaping the Future of Work Initiative. Read full story → How early-stage cancer cells hide from the immune system A new study finds precancerous colon cells turn on a gene called SOX17, which helps them evade detection and develop into more advanced tumors. Read full story → Load More News More about MIT News at Massachusetts Institute of Technology This website is managed by the MIT News Office, part of the Institute Office of Communications. News by Schools/College: School of Architecture and Planning School of Engineering School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences MIT Sloan School of Management School of Science MIT Schwarzman College of Computing Resources: About the MIT News Office MIT News Press Center Terms of Use Press Inquiries Filming Guidelines RSS Feeds Tools: Subscribe to MIT Daily/Weekly Subscribe to press releases Submit campus news Guidelines for campus news contributors Guidelines on generative AI Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT Top Level Links: Education Research Innovation Admissions + Aid Campus Life News Alumni About MIT Join us in building a better world. Massachusetts Institute of Technology77 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA, USA Recommended Links: Visit Map (opens in new window) Events (opens in new window) People (opens in new window) Careers (opens in new window) Contact Privacy Accessibility Social Media Hub MIT on X MIT on Facebook MIT on YouTube MIT on Instagram