Rytmik for Nintendo DSiWare: Pocket music station Rytmik Rock Edition Hip Hop King Retrobits World Music More Games RYTMIK DSiWare Video Twitter Facebook RYTMIK DSiWare RYTMIK is a pocket music station. Rytmik is an application for creating rhythmical and melodic themes and for composing whole songs. Its user interface blends the fast and well-arranged interface of classic drum machines with flexible pattern interface of popular trackers and with modern sound library. It contains more than 170 carefully selected sound samples of drums, cymbals, percussions and bass and melodic instruments. Pocket music station huge selection of drums, percussions, basses and leads Create Music build songs from clips, combine clips into 4 tracks Play the Songs varied collection of 16 pre-made songs With Rytmik you can quickly and easily create the basic building stone – an audio clip. It consists of musical notations for up to four instruments that you may transpose, select their location in the stereo field, and modify their volume, polyphony and echo. You may arbitrarily combine up to 128 such clips in four tracks and create complex pieces of music. Moreover you have a rhythm library and varied collection of 16 pre-made compositions at your disposal that you may quickly compose your own pieces from. Sound library library of more than 170 sound samples Create a Song up to 128 clips, each clip has up to 4 instruments Setup Instruments location in the stereo field, volume, polyphony and echo Rytmik is not only for playing with sounds; in the hands of a skilful musician it can become a serious musical instrument – surprisingly powerful pocket music station. For the best musical experience we recommend connecting headphones or quality speaker system. You’ll become the king of the Friday party in no time… Available in the Nintendo DSi Shop Release Date (Europe): Friday, 07 May 2010 Release Date (Japan): Wednesday, 23 Jun 2010 (aka ARC Style: Rytmix) Release Date (US): Monday, 23 August 2010 Platform: DSiWare Price: 800 Nintendo DSi Points Play Songs Get the Flash Player to see this player. © 2010 CINEMAX, s.r.o. Nintendo trademarks used under licence. DSiWare is available only through the Nintendo DSi system. RYTMIK DSiWare Video Twitter Facebook