Daily Herald - Suburban Chicago's Information Source Daily Herald - Suburban Chicago's Information Source advertisement × Log Out Account Profile Newsletters Today's E-edition Sign Up for Newsletters Subscribe Log In Today’s Stories News Sports Opinion Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyle Classifieds Calendar Follow Us Twitter Facebook Instagram Home Today's stories E-Edition Newsletters Photo Galleries Communities High Schools Weather DH Events & Contests News News Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Local Politics Nation & World Politics Sports Sports High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Fire Sky Wolves Boys basketball Girls basketball Prep Football Suburban Business Suburban Business Finance Health Technology Real Estate Property Transfers Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Television Theater Events Calendar Oakley's Family Guide Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Parenting Travel Celebrations Oakley's Family Guide Opinion Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Cartoons Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries Obituaries Search Obituaties Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Ads Local Businesses Newspaper Services Manage Delivery Account Subscribe Customer Service ELECTION 2024: Race News, Endorsements, & More >> Kennedy Expressway construction is back next week. Here’s what you need to know Enjoy those Kennedy Expressway reversible lanes while you can. A major Kennedy redo resumes next week with Illinois Department of Transportation crews focusing on the reversible lanes this year. Workers started the three-year, $150 million project in 2023, rehabbing bridges on the inbound Kennedy b... Chicago just logged its warmest February on record — and its 5th warmest winter May’s last-second shot sends Palatine past Warren for 1st state berth Today's Forecast Today's e-Edition Today's Headlines Today's Obituaries Today's Events Today's Advertisers Puppy reunited with foster family in Antioch Vacant Wheeling office building to become apartments Fight over domed greenhouse goes to court Celebrity chef brings new Italian steakhouse home to Lake Zurich How AI is helping Lake County forest preserves engage with the public The Lake County Forest Preserve District is using artificial intelligence to enhance the user experience for visitors to its website. A computer program known as a chatbo... Investigators in Carol Stream shooting say body camera video released not ‘materially’ altered The team investigating the fatal shooting of a man by Carol Stream police released a statement on Monday regarding the release last week of video footage from officer’s b... Mayors slam Pritzker’s proposal to eliminate grocery tax A group of suburban leaders pushed back Monday on Gov. J.B. Pritzker’s proposal to eliminate the state’s 1% grocery tax, saying it would deprive their communities of fund... Oscars 2024: Film critic Dann Gire predicts who will win and who should win Christopher Nolan‘s historical epic “Oppenheimer” will dust the competition during the 96th Academy Awards, film critic Dann Gire says. See if he’s correct when the Oscars air live at 6 p.m. Sunday, March 10, on ABC. Buffalo Grove fire chief to step down; Deputy chief named successor Buffalo Grove Fire Chief Mike Baker will retire July 14 and Deputy Chief Lawrence “Larry” Kane will assume his post the next day. “Chief Baker leaves behind a remarkable ... Chicago man charged with attempted carjacking in Mount Prospect Mount Prospect police are charging a man with attempted carjacking after he entered a Mercedes-Benz SUV while the owner was pumping gas at a station, authorities said. On... Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch WASHINGTON — President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump are poised to move much closer to winning their party's nominations during the biggest day of the prima... Porch collapse in Aurora sends seven to area hospitals Seven people were transported to area hospitals Saturday after a second-story porch collapsed at an apartment building in Aurora, officials announced Monday. Aurora param... Latest News 10:12 am Margret Diaz selected as Bartlett Police Department ‘s 2023 Civilian Employee of the Year 9:58 am Support, connection and a night away for moms who need it the most 9:32 am New Age Spa Institute — pioneering beauty and wellness education in partnership with America’s Beauty Show 2:27 pm Filling out FAFSA made simple 11:38 am Hanover Township Mental Health Board approves funding at February meeting Recommended for You More Suburban News Find your community How to help families displaced by Mundelein roof collapse ‘I hope I made an impact’: Mount Prospect deputy chief retires Aurora Christian’s OT win sends Eagles to 1A state tournament Cook County approves transportation projects in Barrington, Des Plaines Normal denies cold-shooting Downers Grove North repeat trip to state Dumpsters and special brush pickup to aid in Geneva tornado cleanup New Trier ends Glenbard North’s Cinderella run Fifth grader sows seeds for new garden club at elementary school in Cary Crystal Lake South’s road ends against rigid DePaul defense Naperville man opens Mister Sparky franchise in Downers Grove Round Lake Beach standoff ends peacefully Northwestern Medicine donates $200,000 to local food banks Submitted Content More Submitted Content Chris Sparkman to lead village of Long Grove Prospect Heights District 23 celebrates Leap Day at the first D23 PTO Family Library Night at Prospect Heights Public Library Signal Hill, DAR donates $1,000 to purchase books for District 220 schools Cantigny launches free entry on Wednesdays Early opening just first of thrilling perks planned at McHenry Outdoor Norris Gallery Series welcomes Tricia Park in ‘Violin Solos: From Bach to BTS’ March 24 Chicago Blues Hall of Famer Michael Charles coming to Moonlight Theatre April 5 Career and Technical Education programs at MCC offer hands-on training, real-world experience Contribute | Share your stories, events and photos | Share now Photo Galleries The Week in Pictures photo gallery for the last week of February, 2024. Experience the Thrill of Local Sports Through Our Lens Images: Storms leave plenty of destruction, cleanup begins The Week in Pictures photo gallery for Feb. 12-25, 2024. Images: Girls State Wrestling Finals Images: Boys State Swimming Finals School Graduations More Galleries Featured Videos Choose a video to watch Watch more videos News more Democratic primary candidates Garcia and Lopez differ on potential cease-fire in Gaza By Christopher Placek Mar 04, 2024 6:18 pm - Progressive 4th District U.S. Rep. Jesus “Chuy” Garcia and Democratic primary challenger Chicago Alderman Ray Lopez hold disparate views on a potential cease-fire in the ... A 4-year-old Gaza boy lost his arm — and his family. Half a world away, he’s getting a second chance By DREW CALLISTER Mar 04, 2024 6:18 pm - Omar Abu Kuwaik is far from his home in Gaza. The 4-year-old's parents and sister were killed by an Israeli airstrike, when he lost part of his arm. He’s one of the luck... Could Bears, White Sox partner to build two new stadiums in Chicago? Fran Spielman Mar 04, 2024 6:05 pm - The developer working with the White Sox to build a new stadium in the South Loop said Monday he is trying to forge a “financing partnership” with the Bears that could pa... Sports more White scores career-high 37 as Bulls rally from 22 down to stun Kings By BEN ROSS Mar 05, 2024 12:34 am - SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Coby White had a career-high 37 points and DeMar DeRozan scored 19 of his 33 in the fourth quarter as the Chicago Bulls rallied from 22 points down t... MacKinnon extends home point streak to 30 games, Avs blank Blackhawks By PAT GRAHAM Mar 04, 2024 11:25 pm - DENVER — Nathan MacKinnon extended his home point streak to 30 games with two goals and two assists, and the Colorado Avalanche beat the Chicago Blackhawks 5-0 on Monday ... High school scores for March 4 Mar 04, 2024 10:03 pm - Monday, Mar 4 Boys basketball IHSA State supersectionals Class 4A At UIC Homewood-Flossmoor 60, Curie 58 At DeKalb Palatine 55, Warren 53 ... Crime more Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to leaking military secrets By ALANNA DURKIN RICHER Mar 04, 2024 12:04 pm - BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts Air National Guard member Jack Teixeira pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to leaking highly classified military documents about the wa... Suspect arrested in Wheeling robbery may be tied to other heists By Charles Keeshan Mar 04, 2024 6:24 pm - A 26-year-old Chicago man was arrested over the weekend in connection with a strong-arm robbery last month in Wheeling, and more charges stemming from similar suburban he... Former Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury in ex-president’s civil fraud trial By JAKE OFFENHARTZ Mar 04, 2024 9:38 am - NEW YORK — Allen Weisselberg, the former chief financial officer of the Trump Organization, pleaded guilty Monday in New York to perjury in connection with testimony he g... Entertainment more Book Review: ‘The Hunter’ is a dark and lyrical tale of revenge, friendship and loyalty in collision By BRUCE DESILVA Mar 05, 2024 6:46 am - Cal Hooper fled a failing marriage, quit his exhausting job with the Chicago Police Department, and settled down in Ardnakelty, a fictional village nestled in the mountai... Book review: Elizabeth Brooks’ Austen-esque World War II novel has romance, betrayal and a touch of macabre By DONNA EDWARDS Mar 04, 2024 10:57 am - In a chance meeting in 1934, Nina hosts a dinner party. She’s 14, trying on womanhood for the first time, and even the drunken foolery of Guy Nicholson and his friend can... Heun: St. Charles Arts Council to hold plein air competition By Dave Heun Mar 04, 2024 6:13 am - St. Charles Arts Council director Kathryn Hill wants to increase the public’s awareness of all the arts events, locations and promotions the city has to offer. One new event this year will be a plein air art competition in August. Opinion more A summary of Daily Herald political endorsements By Daily Herald Editorial Board Mar 04, 2024 6:04 pm - Expanded early voting began in communities throughout the suburbs and all of Illinois on Monday for the March 19 political primary elections. Here is a list of Daily Hera... It’s inappropriate for town to call for cease-fire Letter to the Editor Mar 04, 2024 4:59 pm - I was unaware of the meeting that occurred proposing Naperville calling for a cease-fire in Gaza. I am deeply concerned about the message this sends to our community memb... Political remarks were unrelated to Vietnam Memorial Letter to the Editor Mar 04, 2024 4:58 pm - Regarding the College of DuPage emeritus English professor’s “guest view.” Expressing sentimentality about the thousands of Americans killed in Vietnam is nice but offeri... Business more Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb Mar 05, 2024 6:56 am - CLINTON TOWNSHIP, Mich. — A fire raging at a building that supplies novelties, phone accessories and other merchandise to discount stores caused multiple explosions that ... JetBlue, Spirit ending $3.8B deal to combine after court ruling blocked their merger By MICHELLE CHAPMAN Mar 04, 2024 2:56 pm - JetBlue Airways and Spirit Airlines are ending their proposed $3.8 billion merger weeks after a federal judge blocked the deal, saying it would hurt consumers who depend ... Prescribed burns part of conservation, nature’s cycle By Jenny Whidden Mar 03, 2024 4:58 pm - Long before Europeans settled in Illinois and transformed the Prairie State into what it is today, fire fueled the land. Landscape scale fire, both natural and indigenous... Trending News Top Jobs Today's Obituaries Suburban Calendar Back To Top About Us Daily Herald Events Daily Herald Media Group News Privacy Policy Terms of Service Staff Advertising/Marketing Jobs at Paddock Publications Contact Us Connect With Us Quick Links E-Edition Contests Calendar Share Article or Event Newsletters Advertising About our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Business Directory Services RSS Email Newsletters Copyright © 2024 Paddock Publications, Inc., P.O. Box 280, Arlington Heights, IL 60006 Paddock Publications, Inc. is an Employee-Owned Company