TV Guide, TV Listings, Streaming Services, Entertainment News and Celebrity News - TV Guide X Close Ad Join or Sign In Sign in to customize your TV listings Continue with Facebook Continue with email By joining TV Guide, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. Live & Upcoming Live & Upcoming TV ScheduleNew TonightStreamingLive Sports New This Month The Ultimate Guide to What to Watch on Netflix, Hulu, Prime Video, Max, and More in February 2024 New Netflix Shows and Movies in February What's on HBO and Max in February Amazon Prime Video's New Shows and Movies This Month New Hulu Shows and Movies in February 2024 Shopping Shopping Best Live TV Streaming ServicesBest VPNDIRECTV Stream ReviewHulu Live TV Review Deals Mean Girls 20th Anniversary Edition Comes With a Burn Book Slipcase Need a Last-Minute Valentine's Day Gift? Naked Wines has a Great Offer The Latest Audible Promotion Gives You Three Free Audiobooks Percy Jackson Collector's Edition Book on Sale for Great Price After Disney+ Finale What to Watch What to Watch The Best Shows of 2023The Best Performances of 2023Winter TV PreviewRecommendations NewsletterThe Best Shows on Netflix Right NowThe Best Shows on Hulu Right NowThe Best Shows on Prime Video Right NowThe Best Shows on HBO Max Right Now If You Like... 10 Shows Like True Detective to Watch If You Like True Detective 15 Shows Like Sons of Anarchy to Watch if You Miss Sons of Anarchy 7 Shows Like Percy Jackson and the Olympians to Watch if You Like Percy Jackson 10 Shows Like Reacher to Watch if You Want More Reacher News News Latest NewsShopping and Best TV DealsTV Recommendations Newsletter The Latest News on Your Favorite Shows Everything We Know About Ginny & Georgia Season 3 Sam Waterston Leaving Law & Order After More Than 400 Episodes Outlander: Blood of My Blood: Everything to Know About the Outlander Spin-Off The Yellowstone Sequel Series Eyes a Big Name for the Female Lead Interview with the Vampire Season 2 Announces Premiere Date Discover what to watch today Get recommendations across all your streaming services and live TV Hulu's Extraordinary Is the Best Superhero Romcom You Haven't Seen Imagine New Girl in the MCU All the Canceled and Renewed TV Shows This Month Netflix's Avatar: The Last Airbender Season 2: Cast, Latest News, and Everything Else to Know TV and Movie Recommendations Hand-picked recommendations to watch right now The 47 Best Shows and Movies on Apple TV+ Right Now (March 2024) Tim Surette 3 days ago The Ultimate Guide to What to Watch on Netflix, Hulu, Prime Video, Max, and More in March 2024 Kelly Connolly 4 days ago New Hulu Shows and Movies in March 2024 Kelly Connolly 5 days ago New Max and HBO Shows and Movies in March 2024 Tim Surette 1 week ago Latest TV News The latest TV and streaming headlines Netflix's Avatar: The Last Airbender Season 2: Cast, Latest News, and Everything Else to Know Kat Moon 10 hours ago Hulu's Extraordinary Is the Best Superhero Romcom You Haven't Seen Liam Mathews 12 hours ago Hiroyuki Sanada Says Before Shōgun It Was 'So Hard to Correct Every Detail' of Japanese Culture on Set Kat Moon 13 hours ago All the Canceled and Renewed TV Shows This Month (March 2024) TV Guide Editors 14 hours ago All the Canceled and Renewed TV Shows in February 2024 TV Guide Editors 18 hours ago Outer Banks Season 4: Cast, Latest News, and Everything Else to Know Kat Moon 3 days ago Grey's Anatomy Season 20: Cast, Premiere Date, Trailer, and Everything Else to Know Megan Vick 3 days ago 9-1-1 Season 7: Trailer, New Channel, Premiere Date, and Everything Else to Know Rebecca Rovenstine 3 days ago TV and Movie Reviews The verdict on new shows and movies Spaceman Review: Adam Sandler Befriends a Psychic Spider in This Downbeat Sci-Fi Drama Gavia Baker-Whitelaw 5 days ago Netflix's Avatar: The Last Airbender Illustrates Why Live-Action Remakes Rarely Work Gavia Baker-Whitelaw 6 days ago The Regime Review: Kate Winslet Reigns Over HBO's Too-Clever Political Satire Allison Picurro 6 days ago Avatar: The Last Airbender Review: This Netflix Remake Is an Insult to Everyone Involved Gavia Baker-Whitelaw Feb 22, 2024 Constellation Review: Apple TV+'s Space Thriller Sets Audiences Adrift Maggie Fremont Feb 19, 2024 Shōgun Review: FX's Historical Limited Series Is a Complex, Breathtaking Spectacle Keith Phipps Feb 14, 2024 The New Look Review: Apple TV+'s Christian Dior Series Is a Slow-Paced War Drama With No Interest in Fashion Gavia Baker-Whitelaw Feb 14, 2024 Tracker Review: Justin Hartley's CBS Procedural Has Promise but Plays It Too Safe Maggie Fremont Feb 9, 2024 Popular Movies See all movies Dune 2 hr 35 mins The heir to the noble Atreides family is tasked with protecting 'the spice,' the most valuable resource in the universe. But soon, the family come to realise that not everybody is interested in defending such a precious asset. As malevolent forces explode into conflict over the planet's exclusive supply of the most precious resource in existence-a commodity capable of unlocking humanity's greatest potential-only those who can conquer their fear will survive. 74 Metascore 2021 PG13 Drama, Action & Adventure, Other Watchlist Where to Watch Article 370 This drama is based on the actual events after the Indian government enacted Article 370, giving special status to Kashmir and Jammu. Zooni Haksar is a field agent whose assignment may be beyond her years. She's selected to go into Kashmir and crack down on the rising terrorism in the region; the ultimate goal is to repeal Article 370 without any bloodshed. 2024 Drama, Suspense, Action & Adventure Watchlist Where to Watch I Am Jackie O 1 hr 22 mins A documentary on the life of the former First Lady and widow of assassinated President John F. Kennedy, who is one of the most admired American women in history. Jackie Kennedy Onassis was the epitome of grace, glamor, and beauty in her generation. She was also one of the most enigmatic and fascinating personalities of the 20th century. 2020 NR Documentary, Other Watchlist Where to Watch Wicked Little Letters 1 hr 40 mins A 1920s English seaside town bears witness to a dark and absurd scandal in this riotous mystery comedy. Based on a stranger than fiction true story, the film follows two neighbours: deeply conservative local Edith Swan and rowdy Irish migrant Rose Gooding. When Edith and fellow residents begin to receive wicked letters full of unintentionally hilarious profanities, foul-mouthed Rose is charged with the crime. The anonymous letters prompt a national uproar, and a trial ensues. 54 Metascore 2023 Drama, Comedy, Other Watchlist Where to Watch Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 2 hr 30 mins This adaptation of J.K. Rowling's first bestseller follows the adventures of a young orphan who enrolls at a boarding school for magicians called Hogwarts, and unravels a mystery connected to a diabolical wizard who vanished years ago. Invited to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Harry embarks on the adventure of a lifetime. At Hogwarts, he finds the home and family he has never had. 65 Metascore 2001 PG Fantasy, Family, Action & Adventure, Other Watchlist Where to Watch Conagher 1 hr 40 mins Mrs. Evie Teale is struggling to stay alive while raising her two children alone on a remote homestead. Conn Conagher is a honest, hardworking cowboy. Their lives are intertwined as they fight the elements, indians, outlaws, and loneliness. 1991 PG Other Watchlist Where to Watch Popular Shows See all shows The Pursuit of Love 1 Season 2021 Drama, Other Watchlist Where to Watch What Happened in Oslo 1 Season 2021 Documentary Watchlist Where to Watch Intro to Biblical Greek 2019 Other Watchlist Where to Watch Special Presentation 2003 Events & Specials, Other Watchlist Where to Watch Sangre Yoruba. A Musical Journey Through Africa, Brazil & Cuba 2021 Other Watchlist Where to Watch Roger Waters: The Wall 2014 Documentary Watchlist Where to Watch TV and Streaming Deals Get the most for your money Mean Girls 20th Anniversary Edition Comes With a Burn Book Slipcase Jess Reyes Feb 16, 2024 Need a Last-Minute Valentine's Day Gift? Naked Wines has a Great Offer Jess Reyes Feb 13, 2024 The Latest Audible Promotion Gives You Three Free Audiobooks Jess Reyes Feb 12, 2024 Percy Jackson Collector's Edition Book on Sale for Great Price After Disney+ Finale Jess Reyes Feb 9, 2024 Preorder the Original Berserk Anime on Blu-ray for the First Time Phil Owen Feb 9, 2024 New Book in the Wildly Popular Crescent City Fantasy Series Is Steeply Discounted Phil Owen Jan 26, 2024 Get 20 Percent off Lego Sets at Macy's Ahead of Valentine's Day Jess Reyes Jan 26, 2024 Reese's Book Club Pick for January Is 35% off at Amazon Phil Owen Jan 19, 2024 Streaming Service Reviews and Guides Everything you need to know to cut the cord All the Devices You Can Stream Fubo TV With Lara Vukelich 3 days ago Hulu Live TV Channel List 2024: What Channels Are on Hulu with Live TV? Jess Barnes 1 week ago Sling TV Channels List: What Channels are on Sling TV? Lara Vukelich Feb 14, 2024 Sling TV 2024: Packages, Channels, Pricing and More Lara Vukelich Feb 14, 2024 Today's Netflix Top 10 RankingsIf You Like This Show...The 100 Best Shows on TVRenewed or Canceled?Editors Pick Your Next Favorite Show About About TV Guide Newsletters Sitemap Careers Help Center Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Settings Get the TV Guide app App StoreGoogle Play Follow us © 2024 TV GUIDE, A FANDOM COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.