Hi-Fructose Magazine - The New Contemporary Art Magazine Skip to content Menu SubscriptionsShopSubmitPromote The New Contemporary Art Magazine The 69th Volume of Hi-Fructose is here.Hi-Fructose issue 69 features a selection of the best in New Contemporary Art from around the world with a cover feature on Lola Gil, a special 16 page insert on the art of Ed Fairburn, a print exclusive interview with John Waters, and articles on The Call Center, Bunnie Reiss, Janet Hill, Yui Sakamoto, Mameko Maeda, Lewis Chamberlain, and more! Take a look inside Articles The Happy Hellscapes of Joe Vaux Oscar Joyo Harnesses Color and Pattern With Latest Works Natural Hallucinations abound “When Two Worlds Collide” Ryan Matthew Cohn and Jean Labourdette explore the Wunderkammer in “Mors Et Anima” Gregory Hergert’s Blue Acid The Photography and Sculptures of Mari Katayama The Installations and Sculptures of Rob Voerman The Dark Surrealist Paintings of Fred Laverne Telmo Miel Brings Collaborative Paintings to Thinkspace The Oil Paintings of Reza Bahmani The Happy Hellscapes of Joe Vaux Brassworks, darkart, Joe Vaux, painting January 31, 2024 Artist and animation director Joe Vaux paints what he likes. His personal work is teeming with impish demons. His cheerful hellscapes are populated with lost souls, sharp toothed monstrosities, and swarms of wrong-doers. And yet, there’s an innocence to all of this. Click to read the Hi-Fructose exclusive interview with Joe Vaux. Oscar Joyo Harnesses Color and Pattern With Latest Works Oscar Oryo, painting, Thinkspace January 9, 2024 Vibrant and bold, Oscar Joyo’s latest body of work which was exhibited at Thinkspace Projects in Los Angeles, vibrates the retina; while delving into his childhood memories childhood in Malawi and themes of Afrofuturism. View All The Articles Since 2005 The New Contemporary Art MagazineHi-Fructose is a quarterly print art magazine founded by artists Attaboy and Annie Owens in 2005. Hi-Fructose focuses squarely on the art which transcends genre and trend, assuring readers thorough coverage and content that is informative and original. Hi-Fructose showcases an amalgamation of new contemporary, emerging as well distinguished artists, with a spotlight on awe inspiring spectacles from round the world. Subscribe Social Feed hifructosemag 10,001 1,157,842 The New Contemporary Art Magazine. Founded 2005. Hifructose.com Get print issues and subscriptions below: Work in progress by Taylor Schultek. Look at the big pile of paint! See this work by him in Los Angeles this weekend at @thinkspace_art @taylorschultek “On the Run” 20” x 16”Oil on Linen2024 3871 37 Open Work in progress by Taylor Schultek. Look at the big pile of paint! See this work by him in Los Angeles this weekend at @thinkspace_art @taylorschultek “On the Run” 20” x 16”Oil on Linen2024 ... 3871 37 Sunday style until Monday has its way, personified by Anna Mond.@annamond 2031 12 Open Sunday style until Monday has its way, personified by Anna Mond.@annamond ... 2031 12 We first featured HF Vol. 21 artist Katsuyo Aoki in 2015. The artist is perhaps best known for her intricate, near abstract pure white porcelain skulls. Ten years later, you can see her works in person at the Chicago Art Institute. @katsuyo_aoki 670 3 Open We first featured HF Vol. 21 artist Katsuyo Aoki in 2015. The artist is perhaps best known for her intricate, near abstract pure white porcelain skulls. Ten years later, you can see her works in person at the Chicago Art Institute. @katsuyo_aoki ... 670 3 A lil peek at the Upcycled Garden at @citymuseum Opens tonight in St. Louis.Art by @attayumfactory 399 7 Open A lil peek at the Upcycled Garden at @citymuseum Opens tonight in St. Louis.Art by @attayumfactory ... 399 7 DCG London proudly presents “Between the Wrinkles” solo show by one of the most emblematic artists of the new surrealism, Joe Sorren. The new collection traverses the rooms of memory, with mastery, genius, and a staggering naturalness, in a execution that is at once impressionistic and abstract. Time becomes primordial while we ponder the dynamics unfolding before our eyes and we experience a mysterious conceptual tension. Gathering the oeuvre of Sorren’s maturity in an hymn to the beauty of life, this show will enchant you like a breath of snow, leaving you with a handful of star dust between your fingers..“Between the wrinkles” by Joe Sorren Dorothy Circus London 9 March - 6 April@dorothycircus@joesorrenart#joesorren #americanmaster #americanartist #artcontemporain #現代アート #当代艺术 #現代アート #현대 미술 #popsurrealism #contemporaryart #americanartcollector #contemporarymasters #artcollector #artcollection #postimpressionist #newsurrealism 636 11 Open DCG London proudly presents “Between the Wrinkles” solo show by one of the most emblematic artists of the new surrealism, Joe Sorren. The new collection traverses the rooms of memory, with mastery, genius, and a staggering naturalness, in a execution that is at once impressionistic and abstract. Time becomes primordial while we ponder the dynamics unfolding before our eyes and we experience a mysterious conceptual tension. Gathering the oeuvre of Sorren’s maturity in an hymn to the beauty of life, this show will enchant you like a breath of snow, leaving you with a handful of star dust between your fingers..“Between the wrinkles” by Joe Sorren Dorothy Circus London 9 March - 6 April@dorothycircus@joesorrenart#joesorren #americanmaster #americanartist #artcontemporain #現代アート #当代艺术 #現代アート #현대 미술 #popsurrealism #contemporaryart #americanartcollector #contemporarymasters #artcollector #artcollection #postimpressionist #newsurrealism ... 636 11 Currently living and working in the idyllic town of Urtijëi, Italy, sculptor Willy Verginer shares a closeness with his environment in both technique and concept. His surreal wooden sculptures are often carved from a single linden tree trunk with incredible precision and detail. Although their features are classical, Verginer paints bold stripes of color across his figures and poses them in awkward positions, making them completely contemporary. Previously covered on hifructose.com and in our print edition, he’s often paired his figures of women, men, and young children with other animals and objects that don’t fit together.@verginerwilly #sculpture 4325 26 Open Currently living and working in the idyllic town of Urtijëi, Italy, sculptor Willy Verginer shares a closeness with his environment in both technique and concept. His surreal wooden sculptures are often carved from a single linden tree trunk with incredible precision and detail. Although their features are classical, Verginer paints bold stripes of color across his figures and poses them in awkward positions, making them completely contemporary. Previously covered on hifructose.com and in our print edition, he’s often paired his figures of women, men, and young children with other animals and objects that don’t fit together.@verginerwilly #sculpture ... 4325 26 “I like to think that my works are made in such a way that they can be continued in any direction almost indefinitely,” says Grisha Kim. “For me it’s more like a puzzle or construction set. It is just like adding parts to an assembled structure.lThere’s patience and then there’s Grisha Kim’s level of patience. Our next issue features a special insert, printed on drawing paper, in the center of the magazine. Subscribe today and get HF 70 as your first issue in April. @_grisha_kim_ #drawing 1614 11 Open “I like to think that my works are made in such a way that they can be continued in any direction almost indefinitely,” says Grisha Kim. “For me it’s more like a puzzle or construction set. It is just like adding parts to an assembled structure.lThere’s patience and then there’s Grisha Kim’s level of patience. Our next issue features a special insert, printed on drawing paper, in the center of the magazine. Subscribe today and get HF 70 as your first issue in April. @_grisha_kim_ #drawing ... 1614 11 Even though it was a bright and sunny day in Los Angeles, the stars aligned to give a fitting tribute to the life of co-owner Shawn Mary Vezinaw Hosner.A live band, a taco truck, impromptu tattoo station, murals, dove release, and “Shawn Forever!” art/object exhibition made this celebration of life represent the art supporter’s giving spirit and even her sense of humor. Inside the exhibition, for example, amidst the multiple commissioned works, a wall title proudly stated that Shawn “never saw Titanic”.See @thinkspace_art for information on their GoFundMe to help them recover from the mountain of medical bills from Shawn’s 15 month long battle against stage four metastatic breast cancer and ways that they are honoring her life. 230 5 Open Even though it was a bright and sunny day in Los Angeles, the stars aligned to give a fitting tribute to the life of co-owner Shawn Mary Vezinaw Hosner.A live band, a taco truck, impromptu tattoo station, murals, dove release, and “Shawn Forever!” art/object exhibition made this celebration of life represent the art supporter’s giving spirit and even her sense of humor. Inside the exhibition, for example, amidst the multiple commissioned works, a wall title proudly stated that Shawn “never saw Titanic”.See @thinkspace_art for information on their GoFundMe to help them recover from the mountain of medical bills from Shawn’s 15 month long battle against stage four metastatic breast cancer and ways that they are honoring her life. ... 230 5 Load More Follow on Instagram Get Past Issues and Bundles Shop Back Issues Subscribe to the Hi-Fructose Mailing List Your Email Send Follow us on our social networksInstagram, Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Tumblr Shop US Store Canadian Store Hi-Fructose European Edition Hi-Fructose Apparel Subscribe 4 and 8 Issue Subscriptions Subscription Details Articles, About, FAQs, Submit, Promote, Distribute © 2023 Hi-Fructose Magazine built by j.kulp Shop US Store Canadian Store Hi-Fructose European Edition Hi-Fructose Apparel Subscribe 4 and 8 Issue Subscriptions Subscription details Articles, About, FAQs, Submit, Promote, Distribute Follow us on our social networksInstagram, Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, Tumblr Search Search Subscribe to the Hi-Fructose Mailing List Email* First Name Last Name Send