Seasoned Advice Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Seasoned Advice help chat Seasoned Advice Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question bakingfood-safetysubstitutionsbreadequipmentchickenmeateggsflavorcake more tags Active Hot Week Month 2 votes 1 answer 83 views Is there a solution to searing a steak indoors with a very sensitive smoke alarm? steaksearing Divi 4,776 modified 7 mins ago 3 votes 3 answers 1k views Would Bulgur be a good substitute for barley in soup? substitutions FuzzyChef 63.5k modified 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 553 views Is there a distinction between fleur de sel and sel de guérande? salt Peggy Hall 1 modified 6 hours ago 11 votes 1 answer 69k views White foam when boiling presoaked beans beans Linda Johnson 1 modified 9 hours ago 17 votes 2 answers 7k views What is the code for the rings stamped on the top of canned food? canningpackaging gnicko 1,067 modified yesterday 1 vote 8 answers 21k views Can dried peppers get hotter with aging? chili-peppers Phillip Mackay 1 answered yesterday 1 vote 1 answer 663 views Due to allergies, I'm limited to avocado mayo, it taste like drywall, what can I do to make it palatable? flavor Sam 1 modified yesterday 13 votes 5 answers 7k views What's in a 'Paella'? spanish-cuisinepaella Pod 468 modified yesterday 65 votes 2 answers 355k views What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp? shrimp Jolenealaska♦ 58.5k modified yesterday 4 votes 1 answer 7k views How do I clean my gas oven at the very bottom where the burner is? ovencleaninggas user109440 1 modified 2 days ago 1 vote 3 answers 96 views Densities of simple syrups? syrup bob1 14.7k modified 2 days ago 1 vote 2 answers 92 views Beef tenderloin fat ratio beef myklbykl 4,974 answered 2 days ago 1 vote 2 answers 6k views What could cause ice pops (popsicles) to go soft in the freezer? storage-methodfreezingstorageice-cream TuwannaRico 1 modified 2 days ago 9 votes 2 answers 3k views What do PY, L, and E mean on the label of this olive oil product? italian-cuisineolive-oil wjandrea 163 modified Mar 2 at 23:55 Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions first apartment ever need pet advice Short story in which a spacecraft is destroyed when all its internal friction is removed, so that it falls apart Tapping or clicking sound coming from the floor... when central air conditioning or heating comes on? Should I respond to students who plead for increasing grade Travel Ban in the United Kingdom for Criminal History Can cables entering a box have their sheath removed short of the box? The statistical model equivalent of this R formula What methods were used for password encryption before adoption of DES? What happens when Congress violates the Constitution through inaction? Is there a general purpose scripting language that I can expect to find on (almost) all Windows installations? Probability of pairs Does Wizard Empowered Evocation Feature Work with Magic Items? Usage of ese/esa/eso with implied gender Data structure whose name starts with the letter “N”? Tennenbaum's Theorem and polynomials Using the Eichler-Selberg Trace formula to compute class numbers? Conflict of interests of reviewing paper if I have talked to the author Do a majority of European countries accept LGBTI+ asylum seekers? What is the mountain lake in this photo? Does working 2 jobs in a company count as an experience? Using "u" to transliterate Greek "υ" (upsilon) into English Modeling timeseries with strong seasonality How do you find out if you need a permit for a crane near a local airport in Seymore Indiana? Does doing 4 vs 3 substantive chapters in a US PhD come across as a "higher quality" dissertation? more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Seasoned Advice Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707