Visual Studio Code - Code Editing. Redefined Visual Studio Code Docs Updates Blog API Extensions FAQ Learn Search Download Version 1.87 is now available! Read about the new features and fixes from February. Dismiss this update Code editing. Redefined. Free. Built on open source. Runs everywhere. Download Mac UniversalStable Build Download for WindowsStable Build .debDebian, Ubuntu... .rpmRed Hat, Fedora... .deb (x86) .rpm (x86) .tar.gz (x86) DownloadStable Build Stable Insiders macOS Universal Windows x64 User Installer Linux x64 .deb Linux x64 .rpm Other downloads or open on web Web, Insiders edition, or other platforms By using VS Code, you agree to its license and privacy statement. IntelliSense Run and Debug Built-in Git Extensions Meet IntelliSense. Go beyond syntax highlighting and autocomplete with IntelliSense, which provides smart completions based on variable types, function definitions, and imported modules. Print statement debugging is a thing of the past. Debug code right from the editor. Launch or attach to your running apps and debug with break points, call stacks, and an interactive console. Git commands built-in. Working with Git and other SCM providers has never been easier. Review diffs, stage files, and make commits right from the editor. Push and pull from any hosted SCM service. Extensible and customizable. Want even more features? Install extensions to add new languages, themes, debuggers, and to connect to additional services. Extensions run in separate processes, ensuring they won't slow down your editor. Learn more about extensions. Deploy with confidence and ease With Microsoft Azure you can deploy and host your React, Angular, Vue, Node, Python (and more!) sites, store and query relational and document based data, and scale with serverless computing, all with ease, all from within VS Code. VS Code for and many more languages on the Marketplace... Get Started Now Windows Windows 10, 11 User Installer x64 Arm64 System Installer x64 Arm64 .zip x64 Arm64 CLI x64 Arm64 .deb Debian, Ubuntu .rpm Red Hat, Fedora, SUSE .deb x64 Arm32 Arm64 .rpm x64 Arm32 Arm64 .tar.gz x64 Arm32 Arm64 Snap Snap Store CLI x64 Arm32 Arm64 Mac macOS 10.15+ .zip Intel chip Apple silicon Universal CLI Intel chip Apple silicon Want new features sooner? Get the Insiders build instead. Use vscode.dev for quick edits online! GitHub, Azure Repos, and local files. License and Privacy Terms By downloading and using Visual Studio Code, you agree to the license terms and privacy statement. VS Code automatically sends telemetry data and crash dumps to help us improve the product. If you would prefer not to have this data sent please go see How to Disable Crash Reporting to learn how to disable it. Third party licenses for the CLI can be found here. Hello from Seattle. Follow @code Support Privacy Manage Cookies Terms of Use License © 2024 Microsoft