New Movies, TV Shows | Celebrity News & Gossip | CINEMABLEND Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Cinemablend Cinemablend Search Search Cinemablend US EditionUSUKAustraliaCanada News Features Reviews Videos ReelBlend Superheroes Voices Wrestling Movies TV Streaming Theme Parks Deals Trailers Interviews 3D Star Wars Game of Thrones Newsletter More About Us TrendingBest Animated Shows Of All TimeNew High-Profile Boyfriend Making Headlines At Eras TourBest Rom Coms Of All-Time2024 Upcoming Movies Latest News How To Watch Married At First Sight Australia Season 11 Online And Stream New Episodes Free From Anywhere Aatif Sulleyman last updated 5 March 24 Which singletons will find their happily-ever-after? See how to watch Married at First Sight Australia Season 11 online wherever you are and for free on 9Now in Australia. Bachelor Nation Is Hoping Joey Graziadei’s Latest Castoff Is The Next Bachelorette, And I Couldn’t Agree More Heidi Venable published 5 March 24 Joey Graziadei is down to three women on The Bachelor, and fans hope the latest contestant sent home will become The Bachelorette. NCIS Put A Fun Twist On Torres And Parker’s Personal Relationship, And I’d Love To See More Of It Adam Holmes published 5 March 24 The NCIS Season 21 episode "Left Behind" gave Torres and Parker a new off-work dynamic. All The Bachelor Season 28 Eliminations For Joey Graziadei, Updated Weekly Heidi Venable last updated 5 March 24 See who was sent home on Joey Graziadei's season of The Bachelor. This file is updated weekly. Did 90 Day Fiancé's John McManus Stay With Megan After The Single Life? Here's What We Know Mick Joest published 5 March 24 90 Day: The Single Life has focused on John McManus' new relationship with Megan, but where do they stand now? Thunderbolts’ Geraldine Viswanathan’s Latest Funny Take On Replacing Ayo Edebiri In The MCU Film Shows Just How Close The Two Stars Are Corey Chichizola published 5 March 24 Thunderbolts lost Ayo Edebiri, but gained her friend Geraldine Viswanathan. Will Smith Shares That Bad Boys 4 Has Finished Filming, And Fingers Are Crossed It Hits Its Release Date Will Smith and Martin Lawrence have announced that Bad Boys 4 has finished filming, but the filmmakers will have to work quick to hit the scheduled release date. The Sweet Story Behind How Dave Bautista Adopted Millie Bobby Brown’s Dog Dave Bautista loves dogs, and this is a great story about the newest addition to his family. After Jonathan Majors Was Found Guilty In His Assault Trial, He And Girlfriend Meagan Good Reveal How They’re Doing Jonathan Majors and Meagan Good provided an update on their relationship following the former's guilty verdict. 'When It's Your Movie You Get To Pick Who You Hang Out With': Kevin Costner Shares Sweet Post After Revealing His Kid Is In His New Horizon Western While the first trailer for Horizon: An American Saga has everyone talking, Kevin Costner has revealed that his son is in the movie. NCIS: Origins Spinoff Casts Young Gibbs, Here's How He Compares To Season 1 Mark Harmon Say hello to young Gibbs! After Soccer Star Lionel Messi's Wild Free Kick Hit A Toddler, Her Dad's Reaction Was Hilariously More Sports Fan Than Parent Lionel Messi's errant free kick struck a toddler in the face, but it's her dad's reaction that has the sports fan in me laughing. Beyoncé's Dad Defends Kelly Rowland After She Allegedly Walked Off Today Because She Hated Her Dressing Room Beyoncé's dad Mathew Knowles came to Kelly Rowland's defense after she walked off of TODAY, allegedly because of her dressing room. Latest videos from CinemaBlend Exclusive: Greta Gerwig Reveals She And Timothée Chalamet Almost Cameoed In 'Barbie' Christopher Nolan Talks About Changes He Made To 'The Dark Knight' To Keep Its PG-13 Rating ‘They Were Cucumbers!’ Chris Pratt, James Gunn & ‘GOTG 3' Cast Can’t Stop Laughing During Trivia "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" writer/director James Gunn and stars Chris Pratt (“Peter Quill / Star-Lord”), Karen Gillan (“Nebula”), Pom Klementieff (“Mantis”), Will Poulter (“Adam Warlock”) and Chukwudi Iwuji (“The High Evolutionary”) play a trivia game with CinemaBlend and reveal hilarious behind-the-scenes stories from the making of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" movies. Margot Robbie Knows Y’all Are Obsessed With Her Feet And She Thinks It’s ‘Lovely’ And ‘Flattering’ Margot Robbie is one of the biggest stars in the world. After her star-making debut in "The Wolf of Wall Street," she became a sensation, and now is the titular character of "Barbie." While she is an Oscar-nominated actress with dozens of great performances under her belt, fans seem to keep focusing on one thing: her feet. Robbie’s feet have been the object of internet fascination for quite a while, and now she’s opening up about how she feels of this strange obsession. Robbie and her "Barbie" co-star Ryan Gosling sat down with CinemaBlend's very own Hannah Saulic during the Barbie press junket in Los Angeles to talk about their new film. The conversation turned to Robbie’s feet, when she was asked how she felt about the persistent interest online. The "I, Tonya" star opened up about the first time she realized this was a thing, and it happened the first time she googled herself. Christopher Nolan Talks Quentin Tarantino's Retirement Plans, And How He Feels About Making More Films Is Loki He Who Really Remains? 'Loki' Season 2, Episode 5 Review & Analysis You read that right - could Loki be behind everything we know regarding the TVA? Disney+'s "Loki" Season 2, Episode 5 has us thinking exactly that. Join CinemaBlend's Sean O'Connell as he dives into everything we learned about Loki (and his variants) in this episode, the gravity of his time slipping abilities, and how it could be the answer to Marvel's larger issues moving forward. Cinemablend NewsletterYour Daily Blend of Entertainment NewsContact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Grid List Movies Wild Godzilla X Kong Video Sees The Titans Working Together In An Epic Way By Dirk Libbey published 5 March 24 Godzilla and Kong have found the perfect way to team up in The New Empire. Movies 'I Don't Want To Stand Here Full-Frontal Nude': Kate Winslet Recalls Wishing She Could Have Been More Empowered During Love Scenes Early In Her Career By Eric Eisenberg published 4 March 24 Kate Winslet thinks that intimacy coordinators for sex scenes are a great thing for the film industry. Movies 32 Famous Actors Who Almost Played Iconic Horror Movie Characters By Jason Wiese published 4 March 24 Your favorite horror movie actors were not always the first choice for their famous, freaky roles. Movies I Knew Almost Nothing About Bob Marley Before Going To See One Love, Here's Why The Biopic Turned Me Into A Fan By Alexandra Ramos published 4 March 24 I decided to see Bob Marley: One Love without knowing that much about the artist - here's why the film actually turned me into a fan. Movies Zendaya's Been A Fashion Icon During The Dune 2 Press Tour, But I Was So Focused On Her C-3PO Look I Didn't Catch This Gorgeous 'Spiral' Dress By Erik Swann published 4 March 24 Zendaya dazzled with her C-3PO look while doing press for Dune: Part Two, but her "spiral" dress also deserves attention. Movies Fans Made A List Of Sequels That 'S–t All Over' What Came Before, And It's Not Just Star Wars They're Ranting About By Ryan LaBee published 4 March 24 A Reddit fan thread debates the sequels that disregarded the movies that came before them, and it's not only Star Wars that fans are ranting about. Movies 32 Hilarious Billy Crystal Quotes From Movies And TV By Philip Sledge published 4 March 24 From rom-coms to SNL to Pixar movies and more. Here are 32 unforgettably hilarious Billy Crystal quotes. Movies VIEW MORE Grid List Voices I Knew Almost Nothing About Bob Marley Before Going To See One Love, Here's Why The Biopic Turned Me Into A Fan By Alexandra Ramos published 4 March 24 I decided to see Bob Marley: One Love without knowing that much about the artist - here's why the film actually turned me into a fan. Movies Sheryl Lee Ralph Discusses Moesha’s Legacy And Shares Take On The Show Not Winning Emmys Or Other Major Awards By Adreon Patterson published 3 March 24 Sheryl Lee Ralph discussed Moesha's legacy while sharing her take on the show not winning Emmys or other major awards. Television Fire Country’s Jules Latimer Explains The Power Of Playing A Black Queer Female Captain, And The Positive Impact It Has On Fans By Riley Utley published 2 March 24 Exclusives Jules Latimer told CinemaBlend the power of playing a Black queer female captain on Fire Country and explained the positive impact it has had on fans. Exclusives Angela Bassett Leaves For 9-1-1 Before Sunrise And Comes Home Late. What She's Hoping To Teach Her Teenage Children About 'Having Success' By Laura Hurley published 2 March 24 Angela Bassett has worked very hard over the decades to earn her acclaim, and here's what she hopes her kids learn from that hard work. Television 16 Great Movies To Watch During Women's History Month And How To Stream Them By Sarah El-Mahmoud last updated 1 March 24 Honor, reflect and celebrate women of history (factual and fictional) with these incredible films. Streaming News VIEW MORE Grid List Television Every Seinfeld Joke That Has Been Reused In Curb Your Enthusiasm So Far By Eric Eisenberg last updated 5 March 24 There are a lot of Seinfeld jokes and bits that are brought back on Curb Your Enthusiasm, and we've picked out all of them. Television ’It Was Sobering’: Nathan Fillion Just Opened Up About The Rookie: Feds’ Surprise Cancellation By Megan Behnke published 5 March 24 The Rookie star Nathan Fillion is opening up about The Rookie: Feds' surprising cancellation, which came on the heels of the SAG-AFTRA strike. Television Jeff Probst And I Feel The Same Way About Survivor’s 90 Minute Episodes By Mack Rawden published 4 March 24 Jeff Probst talked candidly about Survivor getting longer and what it means for the show. Television After Vanderpump Rules Alums Jax Taylor And Brittany Cartwright Reportedly Separated, Fans Have Mixed Feelings About Their Upcoming Bravo Show By Danielle Bruncati published 4 March 24 Vanderpump Rules' Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright reportedly separated ahead of their new show's debut, and fans are talking. Television Wow, Wow, Wow, It’s Not Even Spring And Hallmark Already Seems To Be Wrapping On A Christmas Movie For 2024 By Carly Levy published 4 March 24 Spring hasn’t even come yet, and Hallmark has a brand new Christmas movie for 2024 that’s already wrapped up filming. Television Following The Dwayne Johnson-Zac Efron Movie, Baywatch Is Making Another Comeback By Eric Eisenberg published 4 March 24 While the Baywatch movie starring Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron didn't work out as planned, the lifeguard-centric franchise is now trying another comeback attempt. Television Upcoming Hallmark Movies: Full List Of New Titles And Premiere Dates By Adrienne Jones, Heidi Venable last updated 4 March 24 Here's what's coming up for Hallmark Channel movies! Television Meet the team Mack Rawden Editor In Chief, Huge Wrestling Fan, Expert On All Things Clue. Sean O'Connell Managing Editor, Spider-Man and Snyderverse Expert Jessica Rawden Managing Editor Eric Eisenberg Assistant Managing Editor, Expert In Stephen King And All Things Marvel Adrienne Jones Senior Content Creator, Romantic Drama Expert Corey Chichizola Assistant Managing Editor, Horror, Musical Expert Laura Hurley Senior Content Producer, One Chicago And Everything Dick Wolf Expert Nick Venable TV Editor Adam Holmes Senior Content Producer, DC Expert Erik Swann Senior Content Producer Grid List reviews Drive-Away Dolls Review: Margaret Qualley And Geraldine Viswanathan Delight In A Sexy, Silly, But Flawed Comedy By Eric Eisenberg published 21 February 24 Drive-Away Dolls operates with a traditional setup, but it has its own weird style and a sex-positive boldness that prevents it from ever feeling stale. Movies Dune: Part Two Review: Denis Villeneuve's Sci-Fi Epic Is Blockbuster Perfection By Eric Eisenberg published 21 February 24 Had it come out on its original release date, Dune: Part Two would have been crowned the best movie of 2023, but it will instead likely end up being remembered as the best movie of 2024. Movies Bob Marley: One Love Review: Reinaldo Marcus Green's Biopic Focuses More On The Message Than The Man’s Life, For Better And Worse By Mike Reyes published 14 February 24 Working with both traditional aspects and an attitude that puts capturing vibes over regurgitating facts, Bob Marley: One Love has a huge heart that never falters. Movies Madame Web Review: Sony's Latest Live-Action Spider-Verse Experiment Doesn’t Know Why It Exists Either By Dirk Libbey published 13 February 24 Madame Web is neither trashy fun nor exciting cinema. Movies VIEW MORE REVIEWS Grid List Videos Avatar: The Last Airbender Live-Action Cast Interviews By Katie Hughes published 22 February 24 Netflix's live-action adaptation of "Avatar: The Last Airbender" is finally here. Interviews 'Dune: Part Two' Interviews With Timothée Chalamet, Zendaya, Austin Butler, Florence Pugh And More By Jeff McCobb published 22 February 24 The cast of 'Dune: Part Two' is here to chat about Denis Villeneuve's highly-anticipated sequel. Interviews 'Dune: Part Two' Video Review: A Sequel That *Almost* Lives Up To The Original By Gabriel Kovacs published 21 February 24 The 'Dune' sequel might be grander and more complex, but that doesn't necessarily make it better than the original. Movies ‘I Thought I Was Dying’: Sydney Sweeney and the 'Madame Web' Cast Talk 'Hot Ones' and more By Hannah Saulic published 14 February 24 Sydney Sweeney, Dakota Johnson, Isabela Merced, Celeste O'Connor and Tahar Rahim interview ahead of "Madame Web's" release. Interviews 'Argylle' Interviews With Bryce Dallas Howard, John Cena, Samuel L. Jackson And More By Gabriel Kovacs published 29 January 24 Director Matthew Vaughn and his cast sat down with CinemaBlend to talk about their new spy film 'Argylle.' Interviews 'Masters of the Air' Video Interviews With Barry Keoghan, Austin Butler, Callum Turner And More By Jeff McCobb published 25 January 24 The cast of Apple TV+’s "Masters Of The Air" joins CinemaBlend to discuss bringing this massive production to life. Interviews 'Mean Girls' Video Interviews With Reneé Rapp, Tina Fey, Angourie Rice And More By Katie Hughes published 11 January 24 Get in loser, the "Mean Girls" cast is here to spill on all the behind-the-scenes details. Interviews 'The Boys in the Boat' Interviews With George Clooney, Joel Edgerton And More By Katie Hughes published 3 January 24 Watch our interviews with filmmaker George Clooney and his cast for "The Boys in the Boat," in theaters now. Interviews Grid List Features Percy Jackson And The Olympians Season 2: What We Know About The Next Installment So Far By Alexandra Ramos published 5 March 24 Season 2 of Percy Jackson and the Olympians is confirmed. Here is what we know so far. Streaming News Every Seinfeld Joke That Has Been Reused In Curb Your Enthusiasm So Far By Eric Eisenberg last updated 5 March 24 There are a lot of Seinfeld jokes and bits that are brought back on Curb Your Enthusiasm, and we've picked out all of them. Television 32 Famous Actors Who Almost Played Iconic Horror Movie Characters By Jason Wiese published 4 March 24 Your favorite horror movie actors were not always the first choice for their famous, freaky roles. Movies Only Murders In The Building Season 4: What We Know So Far About The Next Installment By Alexandra Ramos last updated 4 March 24 Only Murders in the Building Season 4 is confirmed. Here is what we know so far. Streaming News Great Taylor Sheridan Movies And TV Shows (And How To Watch Them) By Philip Sledge last updated 4 March 24 Here's how to watch some great Taylor Sheridan movies and shows! Streaming News Grid List Podcasts Denis Villeneuve Interview | 'Dune: Part Two,' Completing The Trilogy, & More Posted Denis Villeneuve returns! Jonathan Glazer Interview | The Unique Way ‘The Zone Of Interest’ Captures Its Sense Of Recency Posted The great Jonathan Glazer joins ReelBlend. VIEW MORE PODCASTS Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility statement Careers About us FAQ Jobs Contact Archives Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.