SAFe 6.0 Skip to content REGISTER NOWNew SAFe Workshop: Achieving Responsible AI with SAFeRegister Here Search Framework Framework AboutAbout SAFe SAFe Contributors What’s new in SAFe 6.0? Presentations and Videos Posters and Graphics Contact Us Blog Read MoreExtended SAFe Guidance Community Contributions SAFe Beyond IT SAFe Training SAFe 6.0 Select SAFe configuration OverviewThe SAFe Overview is a visualization of the seven core competencies of Business Agility and the dimensions of each. EssentialThe Essential SAFe configuration provides the minimal elements necessary for ARTs to deliver solutions and is the simplest starting point for implementation Large SolutionThe Large Solution SAFe configuration is for enterprises building large and complex solutions that do not require portfolio concerns PortfolioPortfolio SAFe provides portfolio strategy and investment funding, Agile portfolio operations, and Lean governance. FullThe Full SAFe Configuration is the most comprehensive version of the Framework and supports enterprises that build and maintain a portfolio of large and complex solutions Extended SAFe Guidance This guidance extends the body of knowledge beyond the articles that are linked directly from the Big Picture. Some highlights below. Accelerating Flow in SAFe Agile Contracts Applying Kanban in SAFe Applying SAFe to Hardware Development Agile Architecture Coaching Flow Value Management Office (VMO) What’s New in SAFe 6.0 View All Extended Guidance What’s New in SAFe? SAFe constantly evolves. Read what’s new below. Staying SAFe with AI New Extended Guidance Article: Value Management Office (VMO) Enterprise Portfolio Management: Strategic Alignment and Collaboration Organizing SAFe Portfolios Around Value Gaining Competitive Advantage with Strategic Themes View More Recent Blog Posts Below is a list of the most recent blog posts about SAFe. Exciting new book on Industrial DevOps Staying SAFe with AI New Community Contribution Article: Building the Change and Communications Competency for Effective ARTs New Extended Guidance Article: Value Management Office (VMO) Enterprise Portfolio Management: Strategic Alignment and Collaboration Read More Looking for SAFe 5?It’s here! FrameworkDownload SAFe Posters & Graphics Watch and download SAFe videos and presentations Blog TrainingCourse Calendar About Certification Become a Trainer Content & TrademarksFAQs on how to use SAFe content and trademarks Permissions Form Usage and Permissions Scaled Agile, Inc Contact Us 5400 Airport Blvd., Suite 300Boulder, CO 80301 USA Business Hours Weekdays: 9am to 5pmWeekends: CLOSED © 2024 Scaled Agile, Inc. Get News Privacy Policy Code of Conduct Remote Training Policy DAEA2F06-E0FD-4DBA-8560-2D61F70C362E 4F60BB82-0505-4C99-AE8E-416215FB7376 41FDBA7F-305F-4E28-88A8-78941B743DBE We use cookies to analyze website performance and visitor data, deliver personalized content, and enhance your experience on the site. Cookie Policy. By clicking Accept you consent to the use of all cookies. Otherwise click Adjust Cookie Settings.Adjust Cookie Settings AcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept