March 2024 Monthly Forecast : Security Council Report Security Council Report Subscribe to receive our publications What's In BlueInsights on the work of the UN Security Council Country andRegional IssuesPublications on country-specific and regional issues in the Council Thematic andGeneral IssuesCouncil thematic and structural issues and peace making, keeping and building About the UNSecurity CouncilBackground information on the Council, its subsidiary bodies and activities About SCR Past Publications Home Contact Resources A User's Guide to Practice and Procedure The UN Security Council Handbook English | Français Security Council Working Methods in Hard Times Light falls on empty chairs in the Security Council Chamber. UN Transitions in a Fractured Multilateral Environment UN peacekeepers of the UN Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA). March 2024 Monthly Forecast Posted 29 February 2024 Download Forecast: SCR Podcast: Follow us on Twitter: Podcast: Overview In March, Japan will hold the presidency of the Security Council. Read more In Hindsight: The Security Council and Conflict Prevention Conflict prevention is at the core of the UN Charter. As Secretary-General António Guterres remarked during his swearing-in ceremony on 12 December 2016, “prevention is not a novel concept—it is what the founders of the UN asked us to do”. Read more Status Update since our February Forecast This is the Status Update since our last Forecast. Read more Non-Proliferation In March, Japan plans to convene a high-level briefing on nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation as a signature event of its presidency. Read more Syria The Council expects to hold two meetings this month on Syria: one on the political and humanitarian issues and another on the chemical weapons track. Read more South Sudan The Council is expected to renew the mandate of the UN Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) before its 15 March expiration. Prior to this, the Council will hold a briefing, followed by consultations, on the Secretary-General’s 90-day UNMISS report, released on 24 February. Read more Afghanistan In March, the Security Council is expected to consider the renewal of the mandate of the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA), which is set to expire on 17 March. Prior to that, the Council will hold its quarterly meeting on Afghanistan. Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of UNAMA Roza Otunbayeva is expected to brief. A civil society representative may also brief. Read more DPRK (North Korea) In March, the Security Council is expected to extend the mandate of the Panel of Experts assisting the 1718 Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) Sanctions Committee. Additionally, the Chair of the 1718 DPRK Sanctions Committee, Ambassador Pascale Baeriswyl (Switzerland), is scheduled to brief Council members in closed consultations on the 90-day report on the committee’s work. Read more Sudan In March, the Council will hold a briefing on the Secretary-General’s report on “UN efforts to support Sudan on its path towards peace and stability” in accordance with resolution 2715 of 1 December 2023, which terminated the mandate of the UN Integrated Transition Assistance Mission in Sudan (UNITAMS). Read more EU-UN Cooperation In March, the Security Council will hold its annual meeting on strengthening EU-UN cooperation under the agenda item “Cooperation between the United Nations and regional and subregional organizations in maintaining international peace and security”. Read more Conflict Prevention In March, the Security Council will hold an open debate on “Promoting Conflict Prevention – Empowering All Actors Including Women and Youth”. Japan is organising the open debate as a signature event of its Council presidency. Briefings are expected by representatives of the UN Secretariat, academia, and civil society. Read more Yemen In March, Security Council members is expected to hold a briefing, followed by closed consultations on Yemen. UN Special Envoy Hans Grundberg; the Head of the UN Mission to Support the Hodeidah Agreement (UNMHA), Major General Michael Beary; and a representative of OCHA are expected to brief. Read more Lebanon In March, Council members expect to receive a briefing in consultations on the Secretary-General’s report on the implementation of resolution 1701. Read more Democratic Republic of the Congo In March, the Security Council will hold a briefing and consultations on the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The anticipated briefer is the Special Representative and Head of the UN Organization Stabilization Mission in the DRC (MONUSCO), Bintou Keita. Read more UNDOF (Golan) In March, the Council will hold its quarterly consultations on the UN Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) in the Golan. Read more Council Programme of Work for Mar Council Programme of WorkInteractive Calendar Council Working Methods In Hindsights 29 February 2024 The Security Council and Conflict Prevention 31 January 2024 The Financing of AU-led Peace Support Operations: Assessing Council Dynamics and Anticipating Future Action More In Hindsights Latest Publications 11 December 2023 UN Transitions in a Fractured Multilateral Environment Research Report Insights into the evolving discussion on peace operation transitions and examination of some transition cases exploring Security Council practice, analysis of emerging trends, identification of challenges, and drawing of lessons for planning and managing future transitions. Continue Reading 1 June 2023 Security Council Elections 2023 Research Report The 77th session of the UN General Assembly is scheduled to hold elections on 6 June for five non-permanent seats of the Security Council for the 2024-2025 term. Continue Reading 2 May 2023 Security Council Working Methods in Hard Times Research Report Security Council Report’s report of 2 May, Security Council Working Methods in Hard Times, analyses the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Ukraine crisis on the Council’s working methods and on its transparency, effectiveness, and accountability. These events affected many aspects of life in the Council: how it meets, how it votes, whom it invites to participate in its meetings, and whom it hears from. They presented elected Council members with challenges but also opportunities to make a difference in the work of the Council. The report also covers the work of key groupings that helped shape the Council’s working methods during this period, including the Security Council’s Informal Working Group on Documentation and Other Procedural Questions (IWG) and the Accountability, Coherence and Transparency Group (ACT). Continue Reading 26 April 2023 The Financing of AU Peace Support Operations: Prospects for Progress in the Security Council? Research Report The financing of AU-led peace support operations (AUPSOs) has been an issue in the relationship between the UN and the AU in general, and between the Security Council and the AU Peace and Security Council (AUPSC) in particular, since 2007. Despite advances in recent years, the AU’s Achilles heel remains the lack of adequate resources to support and sustain these operations. Continue Reading 30 December 2022 The UN Security Council and Climate Change: Tracking the Agenda after the 2021 Veto Research Report This report seeks to address how the Council has engaged with the climate change, peace and security dossier following the December 2021 veto of a draft resolution on this issue. Continue Reading 30 December 2022 Golden Threads and Persisting Challenges: The Security Council Women, Peace and Security Presidencies Initiative Research Report Just over a year ago, Ireland, Kenya and Mexico formed a “Presidency Trio for Women, Peace and Security” (WPS), pledging to make WPS “a top priority” of their respective presidencies in September, October and November 2021. During the press conference on the Council’s programme of work for September 2021, Ambassador Geraldine Byrne Nason (Ireland) described the initiative as “a golden thread” that would run through the Irish, Kenyan and Mexican presidencies. Continue Reading Posted 29 February 2024 • Download Complete Forecast: PDF Monthly Forecast Country and Regional Issues Thematic and General Issues UN Documents About the UN Security Council Council Work Programme for Mar Subscribe to Security Council Report About Security Council Report Past Publications Home Contact Resources Legal Permissions PDF Reader Download UN Documents PDFs Sitemap SCR: Independent. Impartial. Informative Security Council Report 711 Third Avenue, Suite 1501 New York, NY 10017 Telephone 212-759-9429 Fax 212-759-4038 Email contact@securitycouncilreport.org Design: Point Five, NY Web development: Michael Murphy Follow us: Copyright © 2024 Security Council Report Share or print this page Publications Monthly Forecast Country and Regional Issues Thematic and General Issues Research Reports What's In Blue Home What's In Blue by Category UN Documents About The UN Security Council Security Council Report Contact Subscribe Sitemap Copyright © 2024 Security Council Report Subscribe to receive SCR publications