Serious Eats Skip to Content Close search Search Search button button Recipes Recipes by Course Recipes by Ingredient Recipes by Cuisine Recipes by Method Recipes by Diet Recipes by Holiday & Season View all How-Tos Techniques Tips & Troubleshooting Grilling Guides Stovetop Guides Baking Guides Entertaining The Food Lab View all World Cuisines African Cuisines Asian Cuisines Caribbean Cuisines Central American Cuisines European Cuisines Middle Eastern Cuisines North American Cuisine Guides Oceanic Cuisines South American Cuisines View all Ingredients Chicken Guides Drink Guides Egg Guides Fruit Guides Noodle Guides Pantry Guides Pork Guides Rice & Grain Guides Seafood Guides Vegetable Guides Taste Tests View all Equipment Coffee & Tea Cookware Knives Tools & Gadgets Grilling & Outdoor Electric Appliances Seriously Good Gear Bakeware Kitchen Basics Storage & Organization Barware Tableware Books Seasonal & Gifts View all Features Dining Out Food History Food Industry Food Science Personal Essays View all About Us Newsletter Email Address There was an error. Please try again. Congrats, you’re signed up! Get fresh recipes, cooking tips, deal alerts, and more! Email Address There was an error. Please try again. About Us Contact Us Good cooks know how. Great cooks know why. Founded in 2006, Serving 8 Million Food Nerds a Month For a Better Bacon, Egg, and Cheese Sandwich, Go Square A basketweave of crisp bacon and cheesy bodega-style eggs are served square on a bulky roll for the bacon-iest, cheesiest BEC ever. The Latest Want Crispy Eggs With Runny Yolks? Separate 'Em First. A 1-Ingredient Upgrade for Hot Chocolate The 5 Best Blenders for Smoothies 30-Minute Moules Frites Who We Are We are the curious cooks, experts, journalists, and nerds behind Serious Eats, the foremost site of food science and culture since 2006. More About Us Who We Actually Are Daniel Gritzer Senior Culinary Director Human Garbage Can Tess Koman Senior Editorial Director Expertise Unclear Amanda Suarez Associate Director, Visuals Knows Sports Leah Colins Senior Culinary Editor Bay Leaf Believer Genevieve Yam Culinary Editor Hungry Bookworm Yasmine Maggio Associate Editor Pizza Enthusiast Riddley Gemperlein-Schirm Senior Commerce Editor Gear Nerd Grace Kelly Commerce Editor Chourico Evangelist Rochelle Bilow Commerce Editor Scone Apologist Food Science In the lab with Serious Eats How to Make Fermented Hot Sauce Why Does My Garlic Turn Green? How to Ferment Sourdough Properly Serious Eats Voices Personal Essays and More Features From Our Writers The History of Hibiscus Drinks in the African Diaspora The hibiscus flower, the key ingredient in sorrel, evokes a legacy of joy and survival. This feature tells the story of the history of hibiscus drinks in the African diaspora. Toni Tipton-Martin's Cookbook, Jubilee, Is a Source of Black Joy Through historical recipes and profiles of Black American chefs, home cooks, cooking school teachers, cookbook authors, and more, Jubilee reconstructs the true narrative of African American culinary history. The Cooking Gene: An Appreciation Michael W. Twitty's book The Cooking Gene belongs on every shelf. Its release in paperback provided an occasion to make the case. World Cuisines World Cuisines Homemade Labaneh (Labneh) Guyanese Pepperpot Canh Chua Cá Thì Là (Vietnamese Fish Soup With Tomato and Dill) Fastest Blades In the West Equipment of the week EQ Review After Days of Testing and Countless Smoothies, 5 Blenders Outperformed the Competition What to Do How To Make Cornmeal Using Popcorn Recipe What to Make How to Make An Avocado Smoothie Cooking Techniques How To Shuck an Oyster How To Brown Butter How to Elevate Boxed Cake Mix Fresh Recipes Fresh Recipes The Best Slow-Cooked Bolognese Sauce Cauliflower Pakoras The Best French Bread Pizza Get fresh recipes, cooking tips, deal alerts, and more! Email Address There was an error. Please try again. Recipes How-Tos World Cuisines Ingredients Equipment Features About Us Advertise Terms of Service Careers Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Serious Eats is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service.