Trisquel GNU/Linux - Run free! Trisquel GNU/Linux top Download Documentation Forum Donate Search this site: What is Trisquel? Trisquel GNU/Linux is a fully free operating system for home users, small enterprises and educational centers. Screenshots Documentation Forum Donate Download Trisquel 11.0 The Trisquel Blog Trisquel 11.0 "Aramo" release announcement Our most ambitious release to date, Trisquel 11.0 Aramo is out! After extensive work and thorough testing, we are proud to declare Aramo to be production-ready. This release brings many improvements and covers more grounds both in terms of machines supported and in installation options. Here are some highlights of the main accomplishments included in this release: Major achievements New supported architectures. Following the addition of 32bit ARM support in Trisquel 10, we now introduce support for 64bit ARM and POWER architectures, to expand the options for hardware compatibility. d-i/Netinstall... Trisquel 10.0.1 LTS "Nabia" incremental update Today we publish a new set of live and installation media for the 10.0 series, that applies all package upgrades and security fixes to date, and corrects bugs in the installer applications and package managers. If you are already using Trisquel 10 you can upgrade without reinstalling, simply by using your package manager or update application of choice, or by running these two commands on a terminal: sudo apt update sudo apt dist-upgrade The new release iso images are available in the downloads page. Trisquel 10.0 Nabia release announcement Trisquel 10.0, codename "Nabia" is finally here! This release will be supported with security updates until April 2025. Additionally, an upgrade to the "Etiona" release (v9.0.2) is also being published today, providing updates and corrections to the installation ISO images.These news are the culmination of months of work towards fixing, cleaning, and reviewing hundreds of packages and tickets with close feedback from the community at large. This work was boosted by an overhaul of the development infrastructure for a distribution that is easier to maintain, more robust, and more welcoming to volunteers.... Release announcement: Trisquel 9.0.1 Etiona security update Images are available at https://trisquel.info/download or directly at https://cdimage.trisquel.info/ and its mirrors.This minor update to the 9.x "Etiona" series is intended to provide an up to date set of ISO images, both for use as an installation medium and as a live environment with newer packages. This addresses two main security concerns in the 9.0 original ISO images: An outdated Certificate Authority collection (package... Trisquel 9.0 "Etiona" release announcement, and 10.0 plans They say that good things come to those who wait, and for this release there has been a lot of waiting but also plenty of good things. Trisquel 9.0, codename "Etiona" is our most polished release yet, thanks to the contribution of a very committed team of volunteers. This release comes in several flavors:MATE desktop, the default. Based on the popular fork of GNOME 2.x, this edition provides a classic desktop environment matching the user experience of previous Trisquel releases.Trisquel Mini, a lightweight version for older machines and netbooks. Based on the LXDE desktop environment and a selection of resource-saving applications to bring new life to your hardware... Good news, better plans and new year resolutions! We write today wishing you all a happy GNU year and to announce a great milestone for the Trisquel GNU/Linux project.A couple of months ago, we were honored as one of the recipients of the Handshake Free and Open Source Software Community Grant, an amazing initiative of the Handshake Project which means that the Trisquel Association received an USD 100.000 donation.These funds come from the contributions received by the Handshake project from their sponsors, which were pledged to be distributed among Free and Open Source Software projects and come with no strings attached. For those who are new to the Handshake project, you can read more... Trisquel 9.0 development plans Just as we release Trisquel 8.0, the development of the next version begins! Following the naming suggestions thread I've picked Etiona, which sounds good and has the fewest search results.We currently do our development in a rented dedicated server in France, and although it is functional it has many performance and setup issues. It has 32 gigs of RAM, which may sound like plenty but stays below the sweet spot where you can create big enough ramdisks to compile large packages without having to ever write to disk during the build process, greatly improving performance. It also has only 8 cores and rather... Trisquel 8.0 LTS Flidas Trisquel 8.0, codename "Flidas" is finally here! This release will be supported with security updates until April 2021. The first thing to acknowledge is that this arrival has been severely delayed, to the point where the next upstream release (Ubuntu 18.04 LTS) will soon be published. The good news is that the development of Trisquel 9.0 will start right away, and it should come out closer to the usual release schedule of "6 months after upstream release".But this is not to say that we shouldn't be excited about Trisquel 8.0, quite the contrary! It comes with many improvements over Trisquel 7.0, and its core... Return of the Freedom Fridays: development status, release plans and ways to help. Last week (on 12/08/17) we reinstated the Freedom Fridays, a tradition in which we hold periodic development meetings and post updates about the project at the end of each week. These updates were long overdue but since we can now consistently dedicate more time to the project, we hope to make fast progress on all fronts.The main topic for this meeting was the status of the Trisquel 8 release, which is close to ready but still pending some important tasks. The most visible ones are the outdated Trisquel metapackages (essential for the netinstall and distro-upgrading processes to work) and... New cycle, what we achieved and what's to come. 2015 was a year of quiet but continuous progress for the Trisquel project. With no major release scheduled for the period, we focused on improving the build system and server infrastructure, making the distro more reliable through quicker and more traceable updates. Our long time sysadmin Santiago Rodriguez took on the big task of taking the original build scripts that produce all our packages and fitting them into a continuous integration system and improved the build environment with pbuilder -for packages- and live-build -for images. This year will bring us Trisquel 8, codename "Flidas". We have already started the... Forum I am getting HDMI with i915. How? 33 min 35 sec Sharing Contacts between GNU/Linux Trisquel and Android/Replicant 17 hours 37 min mate-user-admin bug? 2 days 8 hours I am currently porting Trisquel to RISC-V. 2 days 18 hours Date and Time Wrong on Fresh Install 2 days 18 hours User loginCreate new account F.A.Q. Contact Mailing lists Donate Become a member Community Issues Packages Code Quotes Privacy policy Code commitsjenkins.trisquel.org commented on merge request !1301 at trisquel / package-h...Luis Guzmán accepted merge request !1301: misc: update/fix BUILD_UNTIL tags o...Luis Guzmán pushed to project branch aramo at trisquel / package-helpersjenkins.trisquel.org commented on merge request !1301 at trisquel / package-h...Luis Guzmán opened merge request !1301: misc: update/fix BUILD_UNTIL tags on ...jenkins.trisquel.org commented on merge request !1300 at trisquel / package-h...jenkins.trisquel.org commented on merge request !1300 at trisquel / package-h...Luis Guzmán accepted merge request !1300: rustc: remove unnecessary helper, a...Luis Guzmán pushed to project branch aramo at trisquel / package-helpersLuis Guzmán opened merge request !1300: rustc: remove unnecessary helper, as ...Donations Anonymousdonated MXN 53.17  donated $ 5.00 c0r3dump3ddonated € 25.00 yongoon syodonated € 100.00 khanh_duongdonated $ 100.00Donate now! bc1q3t3vxjhd3dmvg3cfn24k4l7n4mf750utpp75hn Copyright © 2004–2024 The Trisquel Project | Otherwise noted, the contents of this page are licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License with no invariant sections.