University of Helsinki Skip to main content News News News and press releases War in Ukraine Think Corner Events Public examinations Unitube - videos and live streams Press and media services Newsletters University on social media Close menu Admissions and education Admissions and education Search for programmes and courses Apply to bachelor's and master's programmes Apply to doctoral programmes For international students Open university Apply for exchange and visiting studies Continuous learning Education Apply to supplementary studies Contact us Close menu Research Research Explore our research, our research units, services for researchers and our top-notch research infrastructures. Find a researcher Research units Strategic research Top research Doctoral school Research integrity Services for researchers Close menu Innovations and cooperation Innovations and cooperation Innovations, services and collaboration opportunities for researchers, businesses, alumni and donors. Innovations and entrepreneurship Support us For alumni Decision-makers International cooperation Visit us Close menu About us About us This is the University of Helsinki Strategy, economy and quality Sustainability and responsibility Careers People Archive and registration services Processing of data at the University Attractions Book a venue International university Close menu Faculties and units Faculties and units Faculty of Agriculture and Forestry Faculty of Arts Faculty of Biological and Environmental Sciences Faculty of Educational Sciences Faculty of Law Faculty of Medicine Faculty of Pharmacy Faculty of Science Faculty of Social Sciences Faculty of Theology Faculty of Veterinary Medicine Swedish School of Social Science Close menu Home Home Close Support us University of Helsinki News Explore our multidisciplinary themes A multidisciplinary approach, high-quality teaching and collaboration with partners help us identify solutions to the biggest challenges of our time. Delve deep into our themes to gain a better understanding of ongoing global change and its effects, and learn about our teaching and events related to these topics. The best place to work One of our strategic choices is to support the wellbeing, inclusivity and equality of our community. In 2030, we want to be the best place to study, teach, research and work. Could the University of Helsinki be a good workplace for you too? Open and multidisciplinary research – for the world Our multidisciplinary research university creates opportunities for cooperation that transcends borders between traditional fields of science. Openness strengthens research and its impact on society. Get to know our research, our researchers and the services that we offer to our researchers. A community of research and learning based on courageous thought and dialogue Our success is based on in-depth and innovative discipline-specific knowledge, interdisciplinary research and teaching of a high standard. Get to know our strategy and our people. Collaborate with us! The University of Helsinki is located in Finland. It is the oldest and largest institution of academic education in the country. The university is an international scientific community of 40,000 students and researchers. In international university rankings, the University of Helsinki typically ranks among the top 100. Through the power of science, the University has contributed to society, education and welfare since 1640. P.O. Box 4 (Yliopistonkatu 3) 00014 University of Helsinki Switchboard: +358 (0) 2941 911 (mobile call charge / local network charge)