Healthy Weight Loss & Eating: Lose Weight Fast with YAZIO About Us We're hiring! About us Jobs 5 Press Success Stories Foods Help Calculators Body Mass Index (BMI) Calculator Ideal Body Weight Calculator Daily Calorie Intake Calculator Calories Burned Calculator English English (English) French (Français) German (Deutsch) Italian (Italiano) Portuguese (Português) Spanish (Español) Also for iOS Also for Android Welcome to a healthier life. Lose weight Build muscle Eat healthier Create My Plan 4.7 stars, over 1M ratings 4.7 stars, over 1M ratings Discover YAZIO Calorie Counter Benefit from the fastest and most user-friendly calorie counter you've ever downloaded. Intermittent Fasting Our 16:8, 5:2 and 6:1 fasting plans and countdown feature make intermittent fasting a breeze! Recipes Gain access to more than 2,500 recipes, tailored to your personal preferences. Automatic Tracking Connect with your fitness tracker and automatically track your activities and steps. Success Stories Amber, 40 -40 lb Between running and biking every day, my weight has started coming down again and I have started seeing my body become very sculpted... Continue reading Dennis, 25 -111 lb If you want to accomplish something, then you will accomplish it, regardless of how bumpy the road is. I always told myself: I can't... Continue reading All Success Stories About Us Behind the YAZIO app, you’ll find our motivated and enthusiastic team. We truly believe in the transformative power of healthy eating. With YAZIO, we're helping people live healthier lives through better nutrition. Learn More People Love YAZIO Hundreds of thousands of 5-star ratings Maria, 42 Exactly what I was looking for! Appealing design, clear and organized, great functions and foods that are easy to find. I tested the free version and then downloaded the PRO. Completely satisfied! 5 stars earned! Daniel, 36 I'm crazy about the app. The user concept and interface design are great! I also lost a good amount of weight in a short period of time without torturing myself. I've already upgraded to PRO to help support the app's further development. Anna, 26 I've tried so many apps, but YAZIO is the first app that has actually helped me lose weight. After just one week, I was able to learn all the tricks I needed to use the app effectively. I've now been using YAZIO PRO for a year. Download the YAZIO app Also for iOS Also for Android Need help? Copyright © 2024 YAZIO. All rights reserved. Contact | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Cancel Subscription