Johns Hopkins Medicine, based in Baltimore, Maryland Skip Navigation Johns Hopkins Medicine Menu Johns Hopkins Medicine Home About Patient Care Health Research School of Medicine MyChart Schedule an Appointment Find a Doctor Pay Your Bill Employment Close COVID-19 Masks Strongly Recommended but Not Required in Maryland, Starting Immediately Due to the downward trend in respiratory viruses in Maryland, masking is no longer required but remains strongly recommended in Johns Hopkins Medicine clinical locations in Maryland. Read More. Vaccines Masking Guidelines Visitor Guidelines Close Search Search Johns Hopkins Medicine Submit Search Popular Searches new strain of coronavirus coronavirus vaccine coronavirus careers medical records map insurance accepted telemedicine Close Parent Institution Johns Hopkins Medicine Johns Hopkins Medicine Main Menu Close Johns Hopkins Medicine Main Menu Menu Johns Hopkins Medicine Main Menu Main Menu About Patient Care Health Research School of Medicine Johns Hopkins Medicine Doctors Search for doctors by name, specialty or location. Locations Find care in an area convenient to you. Appointments Schedule an appointment online. MyChart View test results, schedule most appointments and more. Google Maps and Waze Sending Patients to Incorrect Hopkins Locations(posted Feb. 28, 2024) Google Maps and Waze are currently presenting incorrect directions to several Hopkins care locations. The error occurs when patients type the location address – for example, 601 North Caroline St.To receive accurate directions, type the full location name when requesting directions from these services – for example, Johns Hopkins Outpatient Center, and review the results before you drive.We are in contact with these companies to correct this problem. Masks Strongly Recommended but Not Required in Maryland, Starting Immediately Due to the downward trend in respiratory viruses in Maryland, masking is no longer required but remains strongly recommended in Johns Hopkins Medicine clinical locations in Maryland. Read more Payments and Billing Assistance Estimate Your Bill: Create an online estimate for the hospital fee portion of your care. Pay Your Bill: Pay your bill online or by phone. Contact us with questions. Federal Price Transparency: View the list of standard hospital charges. Insurance Information: Review the list of insurance plans we accept. Financial Assistance: Explore ways to get help paying your medical bills. Learn about payment plans. No Surprises Act: Learn about a new right you have as a patient. Top Ranked by U.S. News & World Report The Johns Hopkins Hospital is one of the top-ranked hospitals in the nation, according to U.S. News & World Report's 2023–24 Best Hospitals list. New Dean, CEO of Johns Hopkins Medicine Named Theodore DeWeese, M.D., who served in an interim capacity for 18 months, has been named dean of the medical faculty and CEO of Johns Hopkins Medicine. COVID-19 Vaccine Information and Updates Johns Hopkins Medicine is actively monitoring and assessing all information on the COVID-19 vaccines. Get the latest updates. Let us help you find your way! Traveling to The Johns Hopkins Hospital or Bayview Medical Center? The new Find Your Way app offers step-by-step directions to appointments and more. Sign Up for MyChart Current patients can complete an online form from the convenience of home to communicate with providers, access test results, request prescription renewals and manage appointments. Keeping You in the Game Whether you developed your injury training for your first 5K or during a collegiate sports tournament, our sports medicine experts are here to help get you back in action. Learn more about sports medicine care Watch a video about our sports medicine team Pediatric Care Forward. For Our Children. For All Children Learn how the experts at Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital and Johns Hopkins Childrens Center push the boundaries of pediatric medicine to make it possible for patients and families to fulfill those dreams. Johns Hopkins All Children's Hospital Johns Hopkins Children's Center From basic to translational to clinical research, our medical and graduate students, residents and fellows study with Nobel laureates, Lasker Award winners and National Academy of Science members. Research Education Apply for Admission Medical Students Residents and Fellows Graduate Clinical Education M.D./Ph.D Program Graduate Programs Postdoctoral Fellows Featured Stories Myths and Tips About Dressing for Winter Here are some misconceptions about the cold, and some suggestions for staying toasty this winter. Mammogram Age Guidelines Annual mammograms are the best way to detect breast cancer early. Learn more about the latest guidelines. Sports and Hydration for Athletes A dietitian shares tips on drinking water and sports drinks and how athletes can stay hydrated. More NewsPublicationsHealth InformationNewsroomE-Newsletters Find Career Opportunities Make a Gift Patients Centers & Departments Diseases & Conditions International Patients Search Clinical Trials Students Training Student Portal Offices and Administration About the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine Health Professionals Resources by Profession Refer a Patient Transfer a Patient Clinical Connection Researchers Find Research Topics Find Research Faculty Find a Research Lab Advancements in Research Articles Johns Hopkins Medicine logo Language Assistance Available: Español American Sign Language עִברִי אידיש አማርኛ 繁體中文 Français Tagalog Русский Português Italiano Tiếng Việt Ɓàsɔ́ɔ̀-wùɖù-po-nyɔ̀ Igbo asusu èdè Yorùbá বাংলা 日本語 한국어 Kreyòl Ayisyen العربية Deutsch Polski Ελληνικά ગુજરાતી ภาษาไทย اُردُو فارسی हिंदी Deitsch ខ្មែរ မြန်မာ Contact & Privacy Information Price Transparency Contact Us Patient Care Locations Notice of Privacy Practices Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions of Use Non-Discrimination Notice Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Weibo Copyright © The Johns Hopkins University, The Johns Hopkins Hospital, and The Johns Hopkins Health System Corporation. All rights reserved. back to top button