Learning for Justice | Education Resources Skip to main content Accessibility Popular Bookmarks Your Uncategorized Bookmarks Your Bookmark Collections Secondary Navigation About TT Award Partners Recognition Our Team Frequently Asked Questions Topics Race & Ethnicity Religion Ability Class Immigration Gender & Sexual Identity Bullying & Bias Rights & Activism Frameworks Teaching the Civil Rights Movement Teaching Hard History Social Justice Standards Identity Diversity Justice Action Digital Literacy National Standards Educator Fund Educator Fund Guidelines Frequently Asked Questions Awardee Spotlight Podcasts User account menu Log in Join Primary Navigation Classroom Resources Lessons Student Texts Student Tasks Teaching Strategies Learning Plan Builder Film Kits Mix It Up! Printable Posters Professional Development Workshops Virtual Learning Cohorts Facilitator Guides Self-Guided Learning Webinars Podcasts Read-Along Series Youth in Front Magazine & Publications Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Articles Publications Build a Learning Plan Search Learning for Justice Search Teaching the Civil Rights Movement Young people deserve to learn history that is accurate, comprehensive and inclusive. Our newest framework, Teaching the Civil Rights Movement, offers resources for teaching the Black movement for freedom and equality from Reconstruction through the Civil Rights Movement to the present. Spotlight: Charles Person Interview (Video) The youngest of the original Freedom Riders generously opened his home for a conversation. 'Selma Online': Young People Impact the Vote Use ‘Selma Online’ to help students build decision-making, leadership, activism and civic engagement skills. The Moment Women’s Rights Are at Risk Now—Not Just Historically The struggle for equality and justice for all women is not relegated to history; it is the lived experience of women today in the United States and around the world. Our newest resource page, published in recognition of Women’s History Month, offers a variety of articles, texts and other resources to help discuss and uplift both the history of and the ongoing struggle for women’s equality. Celebrate Women’s History Month by making a commitment to discuss, teach and learn about women’s rights and history, past and present, all year long. Women’s Rights—Women’s History The struggle for equality and justice for all women is not relegated to history; it is the lived experience of women today in the United States and around the world. article The Women’s March: Protest and Resistance The 2017 Women’s March made a powerful statement for women’s rights and resistance to divisive rhetoric. The movement’s greater impact is its energizing of activists, especially young women, in the United States and around the world. article A More Complete Women’s History Go beyond “famous firsts” and teach about the many ways women show up in the world. View, discuss and shareSee and share past Moments using these options. Sign Up For UpdatesShare This MomentVisit The Archive Resource Pages for Families and Educators LFJ’s continually-updated resource pages offer collections of articles and resources that address a priority topic or celebrate a cultural event or heritage month. Pages may also include SPLC resources and external resource links. Learn More Explore Learning for Justice Topics Race & Ethnicity Race & Ethnicity Religion Religion Ability Ability Class Class Immigration Immigration Gender & Sexual Identity Gender & Sexual Identity Bullying & Bias Bullying & Bias Rights & Activism Rights & Activism x New Virtual Workshops Are Available Now! Registrations are now open for our 90-minute virtual open enrollment workshops. Explore the schedule, and register today—space is limited! Sign Up! Get the Learning for Justice Newsletter Enter your email to get started Subscribe for free Learning for Justice Magazine Donate Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Contact Us Privacy Careers Accessibility A project of the Southern Poverty Law Center ©1991-2023