Big Ass Fans 877-244-3267 Find a Distributor Store Finder Industrial & Commercial Professionals Residential Products Support Shop Online Shop Online Industrial & Commercial Products Large Overhead Fans Powerfoil® X4 Powerfoil D® Powerfoil 8 Basic 6 Essence® Directional Fans AirEye® AirGo Black Jack® Pivot Sidekick® Yellow Jacket Coolers PowerCool Mister – Advanced airflow technology. Cutting-edge comfort. Cool-Space® 300 Cool-Space® 350 Cool-Space® 400 Cool-Space® 500 Heaters Infrared Heaters Unit Heaters Industries Manufacturing Agriculture Automotive Aviation Commercial & Public Spaces Education Fitness Industrial Government Warehouse & Distribution Case Studies Tools SpecLab Professionals Architects & Engineers Architects & Engineers Building Credits Continuing Education Design Guide Energy Brochure HVLS 101 Technical Downloads Residential Indoor Fans Covered Outdoor Fans Find us in Stores Virtual Showroom Products Large Overhead Fans Powerfoil® X4 Powerfoil D® Powerfoil® 8 Basic 6® Essence® Small Overhead Fans Haiku® i6® Haiku® L es6® Directional Fans AirEye® AirGo® Black Jack® Pivot Sidekick® Yellow Jacket® Coolers PowerCool Mister – Advanced airflow technology. Cutting-edge comfort. Cool-Space® 300 Cool-Space® 350 Cool-Space® 400 Cool-Space® 500 Heaters Infrared Heaters Unit Heaters Support Open a Support Ticket Product Support Order Status Shipping & Returns Warranties FAQs Resources Blog Factory-Certified Installation Preventive Maintenance Certified Installer Application Haiku Affiliate Program Get A Quote Give Us A Call Find a Distributor SUPPORT Product Support Order Status Shipping & Returns Warranties FAQs Support Videos Open A Support Ticket FOR HOMEFANS + HEATERSINSTALL VIDEOSFIND US IN STORESVIRTUAL SHOWROOM Indoor Big Ass Fans’ stylish, innovative airflow solutions bring comfort to every corner of your home. View Fans > Outdoor Offering the world’s most advanced fans, Big Ass fans are built to endure the elements and bring comfort to your favorite spaces. View Fans > CREATE YEAR-ROUND COMFORT See how Big Ass Fans and heaters keep your patios or other outdoor spaces feeling perfect all year long. Learn more > Need help installing your fan? Our team of airflow experts have created easy-to-follow videos to make installing your fan a breeze! View videos > Find a showroom near you Talk with a dedicated design consultant and learn more about product details, custom finishes, room size, or start a quote. Explore our Virtual Showroom Interact with Big Ass Fans in designer homes or see your favorite fan in your own space. LARGE OVERHEAD FANSSMALL OVERHEAD FANSDIRECTIONAL FANSDESTRATIFICATION FANSCOOLERSHEATERS Powerfoil® X4 Powerfoil® D Powerfoil® 8 Basic 6® Essence® Get A Quote Powerfoil® X4 With award-winning design and hand-built construction, Powerfoil X4 is the pinnacle of Big Ass Fans’ two decades of airflow innovation. Haiku® i6® Haiku® L es6® Shop Online Haiku® Handcrafted with premium materials and engineered with cutting-edge smart home technology, Haiku represents the pinnacle in style and innovation for home ceiling fans. AirEye® Sidekick® AirGo® Black Jack® Yellow Jacket® Pivot Shop Online Aireye® When you need world-class comfort that won’t quit, you need the AirEye directional fan. Hornet A powerful, proven destratification fan purpose-built to mix indoor air for more even temperature distribution. PowerCool Mister Cool-Space® 300 Cool-Space® 350 Cool-Space® 400 Cool-Space® 500 Shop Online Introducing the NEW PowerCool Mister Elevate your outdoor comfort with the PowerCool Mister, the ultimate misting solution. Its revolutionary blade cylinder technology breaks barriers to bring you a natural breeze in any setting. Vesper® Obsidian® Infrared Heater Unit Heater Get A Quote ARCHITECTS & ENGINEERSRESOURCESTOOLS Architects & Engineers Schedule Builder Submittals CEUs Technical Downloads Contact Us Building Certifications Case Studies Design Assistance Lookbook Distributors Speclab Take the guesswork out of comfort and see the benefits of a Big Ass Fans solution before you buy with our proprietary computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software - SpecLab®. Visualize and quantify the power of our fans with ease, making your purchase decision a breeze! Learn More > Digital Toolbox Get the facts you need to make the right choice for your business with the Big Ass Fans Digital Toolbox. Applications range from design guidance and product specifications to employee productivity and energy savings calculators—all with clear results that are easy to understand and share. View Digital Toolbox > INDUSTRIESPRODUCTSCASE STUDIESTOOLS Industrial Agriculture Automotive Aviation Commercial & Public Spaces Distribution / Logistics Education Fitness Government Manufacturing Don't let heat and harsh conditions slow down your manufacturing process or jeopardize the safety of your workforce. The solution is a Big Ass fan. Large Overhead Fans Powerfoil® X4 Powerfoil D® Powerfoil® 8 Basic 6® Essence® Small Overhead Fans i6® Haiku® Haiku® L es6® Directional Fans Sidekick® AirEye® AirGo® Black Jack® Yellow Jacket® Pivot Destratification Fans Hornet Coolers PowerCool Mister Cool-Space® 300 Cool-Space® 350 Cool-Space® 400 Cool-Space® 500 Heaters Vesper® Obsidian® Infrared Heater Unit Heater Case Studies Whether you are looking to cool a large industrial space or a small personal area, our fans have been proven to deliver reliable and effective cooling solutions. Learn More > Speclab Take the guesswork out of comfort and see the benefits of a Big Ass Fans solution before you buy with our proprietary computational fluid dynamics (CFD) software - SpecLab®. Visualize and quantify the power of our fans with ease, making your purchase decision a breeze! Learn More > Digital Toolbox Get the facts you need to make the right choice for your business with the Big Ass Fans Digital Toolbox. Applications range from design guidance and product specifications to employee productivity and energy savings calculators—all with clear results that are easy to understand and share. View Digital Toolbox > COMFORT WITHOUT COMPROMISE Airflow Solutions from the #1 Best-Selling Big Fan Manufacturer in the World. Get a Quote We are Big Ass Fans. We deliver comfort to spaces where comfort seems impossible. Doing it undeniably better than any other company in the world. We serve our clients with passion backed by innovation. We think smarter. We go bigger. We make every space better for people to work safely, perform productively, and live comfortably. CONTACT US WORLD’S LARGEST MANUFACTURER OF HVLS FANS THE WORLD’S ONLY 45,000 SQ FT LEED GOLD R&D FACILITY 15%+ INCREASE IN SUMMER PRODUCTIVITY AND 70%+ LESS ENERGY USAGE MORE THAN 80% OF FORTUNE 500 COMPANIES USE BIG ASS FANS PRODUCTS Pillar 101.DRIVEN TO BE THE BESTWe do what hasn’t been done. We think what hasn’t been thought. Each and every day, we challenge ourselves to be the best by redefining what’s possible. Armed with unrivaled drive and expertise, we engineer products and solutions that set the industry standard for quality and performance. Simply put, we’re in a competition with ourselves.Pillar 202.A CHAMPION FOR COMFORTComfort isn’t just a word. It’s our mission. It’s the reason we do what we do. As the first to champion the comfort of workers, we remain steadfast in our commitment to their health, safety, and well-being. Every product we engineer, every advancement we make begins with workers in mind. After all, they don’t complain about being uncomfortable with Big Ass Fans on the job.Pillar 303.COMMITTED TO PERFORMANCEWe engineer the most innovative products on the planet. Products that deliver the best results for our customers. From saving energy and reducing operating costs to optimizing employee performance and productivity, our products succeed where all others fall short. The way we see it, when our customers make money, we make money. It’s the ultimate win-win situation.Pillar 404.DEVOTED TO DOING WHAT’S RIGHTA trusted advisor. A partner in success. An advocate for what’s possible. At Big Ass Fans, we build one-on-one relationships with customers — understanding their unique needs and challenges to help their business run better. With honesty and integrity as our beacon, we not only stand behind our products, we stand for doing what’s right — even at the cost of losing a sale.Pillar 505.BUILDING BEAUTY WITH BRAINA higher form of function. At Big Ass Fans, our products aren’t only engineered for performance, they’re painstakingly crafted for jaw-dropping, head-turning aesthetics. Whether in an industrial, commercial, or residential environment, our products are works of art that are built to work — combining never-before seen beauty with state-of-the-art brain. “This is why off-brands AND cheap solutions don’t compare. After wasting time and money on multiple fans, I realized nothing cools like the Big Ass Fan.” – Matt Silliman, Owner Sarasota, FL LIVE LIFE BIG ASS At Big Ass Fans, we champion a unique, open, and inclusive culture that balances work and play, encouraging employees to live life “BIG ASS!” Our employee-focused approach offers extensive benefits, and our famous beer fridge, featured in the New York Times, fostering a workplace where fun and excellence coexist. Join our passionate team in driving the company’s mission and thriving in our distinctive environment. JOIN THE TEAM Whether you have an industrial complex or a small shop, our airflow experts are here to make your life easier, more comfortable, and less expensive. Give us a call at 877-244-3267, or request a quote to learn more about the most efficient comfort solution for you. Or shop our online store today! GET A QUOTE FollowFollowFollowFollowFollowFollow Our Products Overhead Fans Directional Fans Evaporative Coolers Heaters Resources Architects & Engineers Trade Resources Certified Installer Program Factory-Certified Installation Preventive Maintenance SpecLab About About Big Ass Fans Contact Us Press Sponsorships & Donations Careers Shop Online Help & Support Product Warranties Certifications Returns Find a Distributor Find Us in Stores Inspiration Case Studies Lookbook Blog Copyright 2023 Delta T, LLC. All rights reserved Patents Terms of Service Privacy Policy Chat is online. Chat is online.