Furniture fittings by Blum for modern living environments | Blum Search Products Services Company Contact Catalogue Blum-Inspirations E-SERVICES Products Innovations & topics Product world of Blum Lift systems Hinge systems Box systems Runner systems Inner dividing systems Motion technologies Cabinet applications Further products Assembly devices Services Overview Planning, design & product selection Purchasing & ordering Packaging & logistics Production & manufacturing Assembly & adjustment Marketing Services for interior designers Frequently asked questions Warranty policy Blum services Whether in person or digitally, we offer a wide range of services for cabinet makers, the furniture industry and hardware distributors. Company About Blum Facts & figures Locations Company history Quality & innovation Sustainability Trade show calendar Press & media Blum moving ideas Julius Blum is the world’s leading manufacturer of fittings for high-quality kitchens and furniture, for enhanced convenience and a better quality of living. Contact Contact persons Distributor addresses Kitchen partners Production sites Sales offices Blum Showroom Showroom worldwide Your contact information Forms, contacts and sales offices worldwide Innovations & topics myLEGRABOX Metal drawers by Blum with slim drawer sides for living areas throughout the home. Individual design options to meet the highest design demands. AVENTOS lift system range Blum’s lift systems for tall and wall cabinets at a glance. MERIVOBOX Easy assembly, enormous variety. The box platform for your ideas. Pull-out shelf lock Lock-open stop for TANDEM and MOVENTO pull-out shelves SPACE STEP Take storage to new levels: Use the furniture plinth to create extra storage space and provide a step for easy access to higher levels. Lift systems AVENTOS lift system range Blum’s lift systems for tall and wall cabinets at a glance. AVENTOS HF AVENTOS HS AVENTOS HL AVENTOS HK-XS AVENTOS HK top Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts Hinge systems Hinges by Blum With CLIP top BLUMOTION, CLIP top and MODUL, Blum has the right hinge for any furniture project. Proven quality – tested to withstand 200,000 opening and closing cycles. CLIP top BLUMOTION CLIP top MODUL Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts Box systems Box systems Blum offers three double-walled box systems with a feather-light glide: LEGRABOX, MERIVOBOX and TANDEMBOX fulfil different requirements in furniture design. myLEGRABOX MERIVOBOX METABOX Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts CABLOXX Runner systems Runner systems by Blum Quality steel for your wooden design ideas. Discover our product range of runners for wooden drawers. MOVENTO TANDEM Matching products Pull-out shelf lock CABLOXX Inner dividing systems AMBIA-LINE ORGA-LINE Motion technologies 4 for more – Motion technologies by Blum Each of our four motion technologies can be used individually and each has its own special strengths. Choose the right motion technology and add enhanced convenience and functionality to your furniture. BLUMOTION SERVO-DRIVE TIP-ON BLUMOTION TIP-ON Cabinet applications Cabinet applications for more storage space SPACE TOWER SPACE CORNER SPACE STEP SPACE TWIN Sink cabinet Further products CABLOXX Thin fronts Assembly devices Drilling and insertion machines EASYSTICK Assembly devices Templates and jigs Tool Assembly Device Selector Planning, design & product selection Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Product Database Product Data Service Interface to CAD/CAM software CAD/CAM Data Service Purchasing & ordering Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Order Management Interface with Online Shops Packaging & logistics Order Management Logistics & Transportation Support Packaging Solutions Production & manufacturing Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Product Data Service Interface to CAD/CAM software CAD/CAM Data Service Assembly & adjustment Product Configurator EASY ASSEMBLY app No image source provided! 5 Methods to seek consultation and receive technical support Marketing Sales support Product Configurator Services for interior designers Inspiration & services for designers Design rooms with furniture Create exceptional furniture Tender documents Quality & innovation Your Blum Quality Product quality Service quality Quality policy Quality Assurance Agreements we trust in Sustainability Sustainability Use of resources Transport & mobility Site development & use Blum's environmental and energy policy Trade show calendar Blum at trade shows Virtual trade show tour Blum Showroom The ultimate product experience Catalogue Blum-Inspirations E-SERVICES Products Innovations & topics Product world of Blum Lift systems Hinge systems Box systems Runner systems Inner dividing systems Motion technologies Cabinet applications Further products Assembly devices myLEGRABOX Metal drawers by Blum with slim drawer sides for living areas throughout the home. Individual design options to meet the highest design demands. AVENTOS lift system range Blum’s lift systems for tall and wall cabinets at a glance. MERIVOBOX Easy assembly, enormous variety. The box platform for your ideas. Pull-out shelf lock Lock-open stop for TANDEM and MOVENTO pull-out shelves SPACE STEP Take storage to new levels: Use the furniture plinth to create extra storage space and provide a step for easy access to higher levels. AVENTOS overview AVENTOS HF AVENTOS HS AVENTOS HL AVENTOS HK-XS AVENTOS HK top Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts Overview CLIP top BLUMOTION CLIP top MODUL Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts Overview LEGRABOX MERIVOBOX METABOX Matching products EXPANDO T for thin fronts CABLOXX Overview MOVENTO TANDEM Matching products Pull-out shelf lock CABLOXX AMBIA-LINE ORGA-LINE 4 for more BLUMOTION SERVO-DRIVE overview TIP-ON BLUMOTION TIP-ON Overview SPACE TOWER SPACE CORNER SPACE STEP SPACE TWIN Sink cabinet CABLOXX Thin fronts Drilling and insertion machines EASYSTICK Assembly devices Templates and jigs Assembly Device Selector AVENTOS lift system range Blum’s lift systems for tall and wall cabinets at a glance. AVENTOS HF The bi-fold lift is ideal for high wall cabinets with large fronts. AVENTOS HS The up and over lift system delivers clear visibility and easy access. AVENTOS HL The front lifts up parallel to the cabinet. AVENTOS HK-XS For small wall cabinets and fitted units. AVENTOS HK top For large and small wall cabinets, offering many integrated features. Hinges by Blum With CLIP top BLUMOTION, CLIP top and MODUL, Blum has the right hinge for any furniture project. Proven quality – tested to withstand 200,000 opening and closing cycles. CLIP top BLUMOTION Soft-close BLUMOTION is integrated in the boss. CLIP top For proven function and perfect design MODUL Convincing technology and economic efficiency. Box systems Blum offers three double-walled box systems with a feather-light glide: LEGRABOX, MERIVOBOX and TANDEMBOX fulfil different requirements in furniture design. myLEGRABOX Metal drawers by Blum with slim drawer sides for living areas throughout the home. Individual design options to meet the highest design demands. MERIVOBOX Easy assembly, enormous variety. The box platform for your ideas. METABOX A high-quality system with few component parts. Runner systems by Blum Quality steel for your wooden design ideas. Discover our product range of runners for wooden drawers. MOVENTO The sophisticated runner system. TANDEM The versatile runner system. AMBIA-LINE Organisation at its best - for LEGRABOX. ORGA-LINE Delivering organisation to TANDEMBOX, MOVENTO and TANDEM. 4 for more – Motion technologies by Blum Each of our four motion technologies can be used individually and each has its own special strengths. Choose the right motion technology and add enhanced convenience and functionality to your furniture. BLUMOTION For soft and effortless closing. SERVO-DRIVE Wall cabinets, pull-outs and refrigerators open with ultimate ease. TIP-ON BLUMOTION Combines the advantages of the TIP-ON mechanical opening support system with soft-close BLUMOTION. TIP-ON The mechanical opening system for doors, lift systems and pull-outs. Cabinet applications for more storage space Don't waste a single inch: our ideas make it easy to create storage space in places you would never have thought possible. SPACE TOWER This larder unit excels in terms of easy access and ample space for provisions. SPACE CORNER Use every inch of storage space available in corners with the SPACE CORNER cabinet. SPACE STEP Take storage to new levels: Use the furniture plinth to create extra storage space and provide a step for easy access to higher levels. SPACE TWIN Use narrow cabinets and don't waste an inch of storage space. Sink cabinet Maximise storage capacity around your sink. CABLOXX Blum’s locking system adds an extra layer of security to fine furniture. Thin fronts Innovative and simple Drilling and insertion machines Precision drilling and component insertion. EASYSTICK New digital and automatic tool for MINIPRESS Assembly devices The easy and fast way to assemble drawers and pull-outs. Templates and jigs Simple and precise transfer of measurements. Tool Assembly Device Selector Find the right device for every product. Services Overview Planning, design & product selection Purchasing & ordering Packaging & logistics Production & manufacturing Assembly & adjustment Marketing Services for interior designers Frequently asked questions Warranty policy Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Product Database Product Data Service Interface to CAD/CAM software CAD/CAM Data Service Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Order Management Interface with Online Shops Order Management Logistics & Transportation Support Packaging Solutions Product Configurator Cabinet Configurator Product Data Service Interface to CAD/CAM software CAD/CAM Data Service Product Configurator EASY ASSEMBLY app 5 Methods to seek consultation and receive technical support Sales support Product Configurator Overview GET CONNECTED GET INSPIRED GET CREATIVE Blum services Whether in person or digitally, we offer a wide range of services for cabinet makers, the furniture industry and hardware distributors. Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. Cabinet Configurator Plan cabinets, select fittings and send planning results straight for production. Product Database Descriptions, technical product features, CAD data and other useful information about Blum products. Product Data Service A service for software partners that delivers time-saving, error-free integration of Blum fittings data. Interface to CAD/CAM software Cabinet and fittings data can thus be transferred from our configurators to your CAD/CAM software with ultimate ease. CAD/CAM Data Service The fast and simple way to access CAD/CAM data Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. Cabinet Configurator Plan cabinets, select fittings and send planning results straight for production. Order Management Send orders directly to Blum, access logistics data and documents and track status 24/7. Interface with Online Shops Send complete parts lists from our configurators directly to the online shops of selected distributors. Order Management Send orders directly to Blum, access logistics data and documents and track status 24/7. Logistics & Transportation Support We take your individual needs into account and develop flexible bespoke logistical solutions. Packaging Solutions Our packaging solutions are customised to fit in optimally with your manufacturing and logistics processes. Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. Cabinet Configurator Plan cabinets, select fittings and send planning results straight for production. Product Data Service A service for software partners that delivers time-saving, error-free integration of Blum fittings data. Interface to CAD/CAM software Cabinet and fittings data can thus be transferred from our configurators to your CAD/CAM software with ultimate ease. CAD/CAM Data Service The fast and simple way to access CAD/CAM data Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. EASY ASSEMBLY app Blum's assembly app answers any questions you may have about the assembly and adjustment of Blum fittings. No image source provided! 5 Methods to seek consultation and receive technical support Blum consistently prioritizes enhancing customer satisfaction, with a key emphasis on assisting partners in optimizing the design and installation procedures for Blum products. Sales support Our top quality sales measures will help you create inspiring product displays. Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. Inspiration & services for designers Bring ideas to life and design home environments for your customers – we help you realise your creations Design rooms with furniture Use innovative fittings to create rooms that will inspire your customers Create exceptional furniture There are no restrictions on your design ideas with our fittings solutions. Tender documents Assistance for your projects Company About Blum Facts & figures Locations Company history Quality & innovation Sustainability Trade show calendar Press & media Overview Product quality Service quality Quality policy Quality Assurance Agreement Overview Use of resources Transport & mobility Site development & use Environmental policy trade-show-calendar Virtual trade show stand Blum moving ideas Julius Blum is the world’s leading manufacturer of fittings for high-quality kitchens and furniture, for enhanced convenience and a better quality of living. Your Blum Quality Our innovative products are engineered to last the lifetime of the furniture. Product quality Product quality by Blum ensures that Blum fittings can be assembled and installed with utmost precision. Service quality Blum’s services are top quality and designed to provide our customers with comprehensive support. Quality policy We strive to enhance the quality of our products and services by continuously improving our processes. Quality Assurance Agreements we trust in Our Quality Assurance Agreement is like a gentleman’s agreement. Sustainability Blum has been committed to environmental protection for decades. Use of resources Innovation, high quality standards and improvement are our top priority - and also apply to our use of resources and to closing loops. Transport & mobility The manner in which our products are delivered worldwide is as efficient and climate-friendly as possible. We also use biogas in our lorries and provide a mobility concept for our employees. Site development & use Resource-saving development and opting for renewables minimises the use of land. Blum's environmental and energy policy We firmly believe that economic and environmental performance must go hand in hand if we are to achieve sustainable management. That is why we take environmental protection very seriously - in all our corporate fields and along the entire value-added chain. Blum at trade shows We will be presenting our products and services at the following trade shows. Virtual trade show tour Why not experience our products and solutions on a virtual trade show tour? Contact Contact persons Distributor addresses Kitchen partners Production sites Sales offices Blum Showroom Showroom worldwide Showroom Blum Vietnam Your contact information Forms, contacts and sales offices worldwide The ultimate product experience Discover tips to improve your kitchen Search Discover news, products, services and inspiration MAY US HELP YOU? Blum Vietnam team is available to answer any questions about technical concern. Please do not hesitate to dial 1800 5 9999 3 (free of charge). CALL US NOW AUSTRIA BRAND WITH GLOBAL TRUSTWORTHINESS Choosing cabinet accessories with a lifetime warranty satisfies both function and aesthetics and extends the life of the cabinet system while optimizing the living space experience for all family members. LEARN MORE HAVE YOU HEARD OF 5 ZONE PLANNER? Let's discuss how to divide your kitchen into five separate areas scientifically, shortening the distance and simplifying the cooking process HAVE A LOOK NOW WITH TIDY DRAWER, FIND ITEMS AT EASE Rest assured that all personal and member items are securely stored in separate divided trays, ensuring quick and easy access to your belongings whenever you need them. HAVE A LOOK NOW SELECT RIGHT FITTINGS FOR YOUR CABINET PROJECT Come and explore high-quality solutions and fittings that are perfect for your interior project at the Blum booth. Get expert advice too! FIND OUT MORE moving ideas Our fittings allow you to implement your creative furniture ideas. We have everything for the opening and closing of lift systems, pull-outs and doors. With the right motion technologies, this becomes even more convenient. Customised services and assembly devices also enable us to make life easier for our customers. Catalogue Download files & videos Our products To the Blum product world AVENTOS lift system family Blum’s lift systems for tall and wall cabinets at a glance. Hinge systems With our wide range of hinges, we offer the right solution for any furniture project. Box systems We offer three fully fledged double-walled box systems to meet differing needs and requirements Runner systems Our runner systems give you quality steel runners for your wooden design ideas. We have a solution for every requirement. 4 for more – Motion technologies Each of our four motion technologies can be used individually and each has its own special strengths. Assembly devices Our assembly devices ensure precise assembly and function of all of our products. What inspires you? Discover exciting ideas for a better quality of living with creative cabinet solutions for every living area and ideas on good ergonomics, storage space maximisation, top-quality motion and design. Be inspired now Our services All services Overview Blum services at a glance Supporting you every step of the way Cabinet Configurator Plan cabinets, select fittings and send planning results directly to manufacturing. Product Configurator Find the right fittings solutions quickly and simply, download the CAD data and order products from your distributor. EASY ASSEMBLY app Blum's assembly app answers any questions you may have about the assembly and adjustment of Blum fittings. CAD/CAM Data Service The fast and simple way to access your CAD/CAM data. Marketing Media Library Download professional marketing materials such as high-resolution images, videos, brochures and lots more. Further topics Showroom Blum Your contact Blum quality Press Service Sustainability About us Creating furniture fittings for a better quality of living is very important to us. We manufacture lift, hinge, pull-out and pocket systems for furniture and provide appropriate services and assembly devices for them. Fittings solutions by Blum Our fittings solutions make opening and closing furniture a mesmerising experience. Learn more Products Innovations & topics Product world of Blum Lift systems Hinge systems Box systems Runner systems Inner dividing systems Motion technologies Cabinet applications Further products Assembly devices Services Overview Planning, design & product selection Purchasing & ordering Packaging & logistics Production & manufacturing Assembly & adjustment Marketing Services for interior designers Frequently asked questions Warranty policy Company About Blum Facts & figures Locations Company history Quality & innovation Sustainability Trade show calendar Press & media Contact Contact persons Distributor addresses Kitchen partners Production sites Sales offices Blum Showroom Showroom worldwide Products Innovations & topicsProduct world of BlumLift systemsHinge systemsBox systemsRunner systemsInner dividing systemsMotion technologiesCabinet applicationsFurther productsAssembly devices Services OverviewPlanning, design & product selectionPurchasing & orderingPackaging & logisticsProduction & manufacturingAssembly & adjustmentMarketingServices for interior designersFrequently asked questionsWarranty policy Company About BlumFacts & figuresLocationsCompany historyQuality & innovationSustainabilityTrade show calendarPress & media Contact Contact personsDistributor addressesKitchen partnersProduction sitesSales officesBlum ShowroomShowroom worldwide Blum Vietnam 3 Võ Văn Tần Phường Võ Thị SáuQuận 3THÀNH PHỐ HỒ CHÍ MINHVIETNAM+84 28 3822 3304 Blum Vietnam Showroom Hà Nội Số 1 Phùng Chí Kiên Phường Nghĩa Đô Cầu Giấy, Hà Nội VIETNAM support.bvn@blum.com+84 24 3359 5999 Further topics Catalogue Price List Blum-Inspirations E-SERVICES Change market and language Contact Imprint E-SERVICES Select market and language Africa AFRICA English French Portuguese South Africa English Asia ASIA English China Chinese Hong Kong (SAR, China) English Chinese India English Indonesia English Israel English Japan Japanese Kazakhstan Russian Korea Korean South East Asia English Taiwan (province of China) English Thailand English Vietnam English Vietnamese Europe EUROPE English Albania English Austria German Belgium German French Dutch Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatian Bulgaria Bulgarian Croatia Croatian Cyprus Greek Czech Republic Czech Denmark Danish Estonia Estonian Finland English France French Germany German Greece Greek Hungary Hungarian Iceland English Ireland English Italy Italian Kosovo English Latvia Latvian Lithuania Lithuanian Luxembourg German French Moldova Russian Romanian Netherlands Dutch North Macedonia English Norway English Poland Polish Portugal Portuguese Romania Romanian Serbia Serbian Slovakia Slovak Slovenia Slovenian Spain Spanish Sweden Swedish Switzerland German French Italian Türkiye Turkish Ukraine Ukrainian United Kingdom English North America Canada English French Mexico Spanish United States English Oceania Australia English New Zealand English South America SOUTH AMERICA English Spanish Brasil Portuguese