Ember | Clean Energy Policy | Clean energy policy and data Ember Climate Logo Countries & regions Topics Data Insights About Countries & Regions Topics Data Insights About Ember EN ZH ES ID TR PL EN Countries & regions Is the global electricity transition on track for 1.5 degrees? All countries and regions Global electricity trends G20 countries Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany India Indonesia Italy Japan Mexico Russia Saudi Arabia South Korea Türkiye United Kingdom United States All Countries Regions Asia Europe G7 G20 All regions Topics Emissions and trends for the main sources of electricity. All Topics Electricity sources Solar Wind Nuclear Hydro Coal Gas Bioenergy Coal Mining Coal Mine Methane Coal mine-to-plant explorer Data World-class open data at your fingertips. All Data Data Tools Data Catalogue Data tools Data Explorer European power price tracker European Clean Power Pathways Explorer Carbon Price Tracker 2030 Global Renewable Target Tracker Data Catalogue Monthly electricity data Yearly electricity data European wholesale electricity price data Insights Cutting-edge analysis, commentary and policy. All Insights Flagship reports Global Electricity Review European Electricity Review Country insights China Germany India Indonesia Poland Türkiye United Kingdom All Insights About Behind the scenes of our climate and energy think tank. About Ember Contact Us Press Releases Focus areas Electricity Methane Who we are People Vision History Impact Careers Explore our site in your language Our core content has been translated to a number of other languages. Available Languages English Español 中文 Bahasa Indonesia Türkçe Polski Is your language missing? We hope to add more languages in the future. But in the meantime, you can learn how to translate using Chrome, Firefox and Edge browsers. Data into action We create targeted data insights to advance policies that urgently shift the world to a clean, electrified energy future. Explore icon-custom-explore-link Click to explore A safe climate powered by clean electricity We’re focused on two solutions that can together deliver more than half of the emissions cuts needed this decade: accelerating clean electricity and cutting coal mine methane emissions. Insights The stories behind the data See all insights icon-arrow-right Research European Electricity Review 2024 Ember’s analysis of the EU electricity transition in 2023: what happened in 2023, and what can we expect in 2024? 7 February 2024 In Brief Central and Eastern Europe beyond gas imports Three Seas Initiative participating countries plan to expand gas import infrastructure beyond what is needed to replace Russian gas. Europe European Union Gas Solar Wind 5 March 2024 In Brief Hybrid plants push solar capacity past wind in Türkiye Hybrid plants push solar capacity past wind in Türkiye Türkiye (Turkey) Wind Solar 22 February 2024 In Brief A breath of fresh air: Offshore wind in Bulgaria After years of debate, Bulgaria could finally unlock the offshore wind potential of the Black Sea, bringing economic and security benefits. Europe Wind 20 February 2024 icon-chevron-up icon-chevron-up quotation "SFOC’s coal power team is deeply appreciative of our ongoing collaboration with Ember. Ember’s analysis and insights on international coal and climate issues have helped us place the Korean issues in a larger global context and added value to our work on multiple occasions. Ember’s team supported us with insights and contacts that really helped push our campaign along." Seukyoung Lee Coal Transition Lead, Solutions For Our Climate quotation "By releasing the 'Asia Data Transparency Report', Ember has not only provided us with crucial insights but also ignited a much-needed debate in Pakistan. Their data transparency report has provided us an opportunity to initiate a conversation with government departments and relevant entities to consider making their data publicly available and accessible. This newfound pressure has catalyzed extensive efforts to develop public dashboards, and our team is using it as motivation to actively engage in bridging the data gaps highlighted by Ember's report." Muhammad Mustafa Amjad Program Manager, Renewables First quotation "Ember’s 'The UK's coal to clean journey' sets a best practice example for countries like South Korea that are aiming to accelerate power sector transition in the next decade. Ember’s research and presentation provided the Korean audience, including its key decision-makers, with lessons learned for implementing an efficient renewable-oriented energy system." Esther Kye Lee Head of Communications, NEXT Group quotation "Ember is one of our go-to organisations for when we need to understand technicalities of energy markets or the policy context. I’m always grateful for their flexibility, from prompt responses to queries through to giving time to help us dig into tricky issues." Simon Cran-McGreehin Head of Analysis, Energy Climate and Intelligence Unit (ECIU) Shifting the world to a clean, electrified energy future We’re focused on making the biggest impact on climate change. Ember envisions a future energy system that is reshaped around clean electrification, as abundant solar and wind power drive down consumption of fossil fuels across every sector, including transport and heating. Our vision icon-arrow-right Data Explore open data Explore data icon-arrow-right Trusted by the world’s leading sources Footer Newsletter Get monthly reports, commentaries, and datasets straight to your inbox. Privacy Policy Data Insights Press releases Careers Contact Creative Commons Privacy Policy Share on Twitter icon View twitter Facebook icon View facebook Share to LinkedIn icon View linkedin Visit our Youtube Channel View youtube View instagram Github icon View github Ember is an energy think tank that aims to accelerate the clean energy transition with data and policy. Ember is the trading name of Sandbag Climate Campaign CIC, a Community Interest Company registered in England & Wales #06714443. 'Ember' and 'Sandbag' are trademarks held at the United Kingdom and European Union Intellectual Property Offices. All content is released under a Creative Commons Attribution Licence (CC-BY-4.0). Website powered by 100% renewable electricity. © Ember We use cookies We use cookies to give you the best online experience. Please let us know if you agree to all of these cookies. Yes = Allow all cookies No = Allow only essential cookies Learn more Manage cookies No Yes icon-arrow-right Back Done Cookies used on this site Analytics These tools set cookies that store anonymised information about how you got to the site, and how you interact with the site.