.NET | Build. Test. Deploy. ic_fluent_brand_facebook_48_mono Created with Sketch. Skip to main content Microsoft .NET .NET .NET Home Why .NET What is .NET? Why choose .NET? Who uses .NET? Features Web Web ASP.NET Core Web APIs Blazor MVC SignalR Microservices Native Desktop & Mobile Native Desktop & Mobile .NET Multi-platform App UI Windows Forms Windows Presentation Foundation Xamarin Languages Languages C# F# Visual Basic More More Cloud Data Artificial Intelligence & ML Game development Internet of Things Upgrade Assistant Learn Learn to code C# Beginner videos Architecture guides Tutorials, courses, and more Docs Web Web ASP.NET Core Web APIs Blazor Razor Pages MVC SignalR Native Desktop & Mobile Native Desktop & Mobile .NET Multi-platform App UI Windows Forms Windows Presentation Foundation Xamarin Languages Languages C# F# Visual Basic More More .NET Cloud Data Internet of Things Machine learning Downloads Community More LIVE TV All Microsoft Global Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Windows 365 Tech & innovation Tech & innovation Microsoft Cloud AI Azure Space Mixed reality Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft Viva Quantum computing Sustainability Industries Industries Education Automotive Financial services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Retail All industries Partners Partners Find a partner Become a partner Partner Network Find an advertising partner Become an advertising partner Azure Marketplace AppSource Resources Resources Blog Microsoft Advertising Developer Center Documentation Events Licensing Microsoft Learn Microsoft Research View Sitemap Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel Build. Test. Deploy. .NET is the free, open-source, cross-platform framework for building modern apps and powerful cloud services. Download Get started Supported on Windows, Linux, and macOS Build it with .NET Web Build web apps and services for macOS, Windows, Linux, and Docker. Mobile and desktop Use a single codebase to build native apps for Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android. Cloud Build scalable and resilient cloud-native apps that run on all major cloud providers. Microservices Create independently deployable microservices that run on Docker containers. Artificial Intelligence & ML Game development Internet of Things Mobile Desktop Front-end web Back-end APIs Data Free and open source .NET is a free and open-source project, developed and maintained on GitHub, the home for millions of developers who want to build great things together. Fast and cross-platform .NET performs faster than any other popular framework, according to TechEmpower. You can write, run, and build on multiple platforms, including Windows, Linux, and macOS. Modern and productive .NET helps you build apps for web, mobile, desktop, cloud, and more. With its large supportive ecosystem and powerful tooling, .NET is the most productive platform for developers. Missed .NET Conf 2023? Our digital event is over, but you can learn, connect, and code with your community anytime, with our on-demand videos. Explore on-demand sessions C# Dev Kit Elevate your C# development on Linux, macOS, or Windows with Visual Studio Code's C# Dev Kit Extension. Install C# Dev Kit Foundational C# Certification Earn the C# certification for FREE with Microsoft and freeCodeCamp! Learn more .NET Podcast app Do you want to see a complete end-to-end sample application showcasing .NET, ASP.NET Core, Blazor, .NET MAUI, Azure Container Apps, Orleans, Playwright, and more? View source code Everything you need to start your .NET learning journey .NET offers a library of learning resources. Access videos, tutorials, code samples, and content from Microsoft Learn to help you build better. Explore learning portal .NET for Beginners videos Getting started with .NET development? We have you covered with our .NET for Beginners videos. Explore videos on web, mobile, desktop, C#, machine learning, containers/Docker, data access, and more. Browse beginner videos Microsoft Learn Discover your path to build apps with .NET on Microsoft Learn. Whether you're just starting or an experienced professional, Microsoft Learn's hands-on approach helps you arrive at your goals faster, with more confidence and at your own pace for free. Get started LinkedIn Learning Get an introduction to the programming skills needed for a career as a .NET software developer. Experience .NET learning courses that provide a broad perspective on core technologies leveraging .NET. Explore courses NuGet Build with the most secure package ecosystem trusted by millions of developers. With over 380,000 unique packages to date and 50,000 more each year. Browse the NuGet Gallery Visual Studio Develop with the best IDE for .NET developers. Packed with an array of tools and features to elevate and enhance every stage of software development. Meet the Visual Studio family Azure Create modern, scalable cloud apps on a cloud platform designed for .NET. Explore Azure resources and tools Be a part of the global .NET developer community Join the large, engaged community of developers around the globe who build with .NET. Share, showcase, and solve together. Stay connected. Get connected 471K+ stars on GitHub 329K+ followers on X 325K+ members on Meetup Who uses .NET? The world's top organizations are powered by .NET and trust Microsoft to make .NET the best choice in the industry for their mission critical software. Amazing developers like you use .NET to build incredible software for millions of companies around the world, in every industry. Read customer stories Ready to get started? Learn .NET easily with our step-by-step tutorials. Get started Follow us English (United States) Español 日本語 한국어 Português (Brasil) 中文（简体） Dark mode Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Powered by .NET 8.0.2 Contact Microsoft Support Privacy & Cookies Manage cookies Terms of Use Trademarks © Microsoft 2024 Feedback