OHSU | Healing Begins with Discovery Skip to main content Skip to main navigation OHSU Home Link to OHSU Home OHSU OHSU flame logo in white About About OHSU Jobs Contact News OHSU Foundation OHSU Facts OHSU Vision Initiatives Diversity and Inclusion Policies Academics Academics Admissions Continuing Professional Education Residents and Fellows Simulation @ OHSU Teaching and Learning Center Library Programs and Schools School of Medicine School of Nursing School of Dentistry School of Public Health College of Pharmacy Registrar Financial Aid Academic Programs and Assessment Health Care Health Care Find a Doctor MyChart Patient and Visitor Guide Interpreter Services Clinical Trials Participation Get Care Now Virtual Care For Health Care Professionals Advice and Referrals OHSU Connect Lab Services Telemedicine Patient Services Bone and Joint Care Brain Care Cancer Care Children's Health Heart Care Spine and Back Care Women's Health Find More Services Research Research Research News Office of the Chief Research Officer Clinical Trials Participation Office of Visitors and Volunteers Centers and Institutes Cores and Shared Resources OHSU Innovates Administration Research Funding and Development Clinical Trials Office Training and Education Postdocs and Students Office of Postdoctoral Affairs Human Investigations Program Give Locations Maps and Directions Locations and Directions Public Transportation Portland Aerial Tram Inclement Weather Jobs 503-494-8311 Search all of OHSU Search Search Search icon Show search input Menu OHSU and Legacy join in a bold mission to transform health care We’re creating a single health system to bring you high-quality care. Together, we can expand access for patients in our region and beyond. Patients Get care now Get a vaccine Conditions and treatments Find a doctor Visit MyChart Pay my bill Students Study and train at OHSU See what makes us different Discover campus life Research Research overview OHSU research in the news Resources for researchers Find a location Work at OHSU Help us make a difference, one patient at a time. When you join OHSU, you become part of our missions to heal, teach and discover. Find your next career with us. Apply now Background image: A smiling person wearing a striped shirt. OHSU News First awake spine surgery is a success, and a great experience A Portland resident who had OHSU's first awake spine surgery recommends it to others. Staying awake means no breathing tube and a faster recovery. Research discovery could help treat MS, Alzheimer's and more OHSU scientists reveal the purpose of a brain synapse they discovered in 2000. Their work may lead to new ways to treat multiple sclerosis, brain cancer and other conditions. OHSU leads work to address national maternal health crisis A new study takes the first step to improve maternity care across the U.S. Researchers reviewed a dozen models of respectful maternity care to create a common definition. Give to OHSU Your gift to OHSU helps make a healthier world — through research, health care and education. Donate Image of adult holding child on grassy sand OHSU flame logo in white Oregon Health & Science University is dedicated to improving the health and quality of life for all Oregonians through excellence, innovation and leadership in health care, education and research. © 2001-2024 Oregon Health & Science University. OHSU is an equal opportunity affirmative action institution. Notice of Privacy Practices OHSU Home Contact Español Russian | Русский About OHSU Maps and Directions Jobs Make a Gift Accessibility Diversity and Inclusion Integrity Office of Civil Rights Investigations and Compliance Title IX Volunteer Patient Resources Billing and Insurance Find a Doctor Find a Clinic For Patients and Visitors Clinical Trials Price Transparency Research About Administration Centers and Institutes Cores and Shared Resources Library OHSU Innovates Research Expertise Academics School of Medicine School of Nursing School of Dentistry School of Public Health College of Pharmacy Admissions Student Services For Employees O2 Intranet Email Connecting Off-Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram OHSU Braille services OHSU sign language services OHSU interpreter services Inclusive Care and Access