Typography Insight for iPad, iPhone, iOS, Mac OS – Toolkit for Learning and Teaching Typography Skip to content Toggle mobile menu Home Privacy Policy Your Perfect Companion for Learning, Teaching, and Loving Typography​ “Anyone who loves books, words, history, or fine art — even in the slightest bit — will find Typography Insight as intoxicating as Wikipedia and as fun as a video game.” – Fast Company Listed No.2 in the Top Paid Apps (US App Store/Education) Staff Favorite/New and Noteworthy/What’s Hot in 115 countries App of the Day Featured as ‘App of the Day’ in the App Store in 119 countries including Australia, France, and Germany“This app could be just your type. Typography Insight will make you think differently about the words you see every day.”“The app isn’t a dull list of typefaces. It’s excitingly interactive, enabling you to experiment with kerning (the space between letters) to see how it transforms the way text looks, and to compare the same characters in different typefaces.” – Apple iPad iPhone Press “It’s more like an exquisite museum exhibit than a musty textbook.”Fast Company – “Typography Insight Is Type Design 101, For Just $1.99” “Learning the subtleties of Helvetica and Garamond used to be a pain—but a sleek new app has made the process easier”The Atlantic – “Typography Insight: iPad App Teaches Fonts Like Never Before” “Typography Insight is sort of like an iPad typeface encyclopedia. Only encyclopedias are boring, and Typography Insight is beautiful and fun.”Gizmodo – “Typography Insight Makes Learning Fonts Gorgeous and Easy” “In the “Compare” category, examining letters up close yields surprises — can you name the differences between a Bodoni and Didot “r”? We could see this app being valuable for typography classes and professional studios alike.”SPD – “Six Essential iPad Apps for Type Lovers” Dark Mode Support Reviews “I have had this app for a while now, and I always found it really useful aid for teaching. Typography and all the details and classification of type, can be a dry subject and a dry, empty ditch blocking the way to learning for many young people and students. This app, helps to bridge that gap by making the subject come alive. What I like best of all, is the way that it uses the qualities and capabilities of the device to bring the subject to life. Books look great, but often books on Typography get left on the shelves. With this app I can project to a room full of students and show them right in front of their eyes what’s going on. Its live and its interactive and it’s really useful. Great price too.” “I’m just getting started with typography and with the book I’m reading, I’ve found this app to be really useful as a handy reference.” “I’ve been working with desktop publishing type for pushing 30 years now, and this app gave me an insight into how to compare typefaces systematically that I would never have thought otherwise. It’s great!” “This is a great application for those who are interested in the study of Typography. The app title is a perfect description as you can gain insight into the study of Typography with a learning basics section, a section on the main examples of fonts and styles used in our everyday life, and even learn directly with practice activities contained inside. The design itself is a compliment to the application as you can easily navigate the clear white interface that allows you to hone in on the visuals presented without any external visual noise getting in your way.” “As an aspiring typographer myself, I find this app extremely useful. Not only does it have references, complete access to Adobe Typekit, and 3 categories of information, but there are practice activities where you can get better at kerning, measuring, comparing, etc. I would highly recommend this to anybody interested in Typography.” App of the Day Intro by Apple iPad iPhone (C) BRDY Studios, LLC All Rights Reserved Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Adobe and Typekit are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated, registered in the U.S and other countries.