Rush Home - The Rush Limbaugh Show × Rush Limbaugh For a better experience, download and use our app! Download Now The Rush Limbaugh Show Main MenuHomeAmerica’s Anchorman®Audio/VideoMoreTranscriptsPodcastsRush’s Facebook PageRSS Close Search for: Close RushLimbaugh.com will remain online as an archive. For all Rush Limbaugh Legacy news/updates please visit the only official source: OfficialRushLimbaugh.com. 2019 Featured Story 072919 DK The 2nd Impeachment: Trump’s Popularity Still Scares Them to Death Feb 2, 2021RUSH: They are lying about his role in the January 6th "uprising," or whatever you want to call it, at the U.S. Capitol. And they know they are. read more John Weaver’s Perversions Were an Open Secret in Washington Feb 2, 2021RUSH: Everybody knew it, just like everybody knew what was being cooked up against Trump. read more Biden Sees His Shadow, Cancels Major Speech Feb 2, 2021RUSH: Biden canceled "a major foreign policy speech," folks, over two inches of snow. I kid you not. read more Ron DeSantis Declares War on Big Tech Feb 2, 2021RUSH: Have I mentioned lately how much I admire the governor of Florida, Ron DeSantis? read more Jen Psaki Caught Screening Questions from the Press Feb 2, 2021RUSH: I have a story here on the White House press secretary, Jen Psaki, and I want to get into it with an audio sound bite. read more You Can Tell the GameStop Story Is Political by How Many People Deny It’s Political Feb 2, 2021RUSH: They keep saying, "No, Rush, you're missing… No, no, no. You're missing the point. It's not… It's not what you think at all." That means it is. read more How Many Keystone Pipeline Workers Voted for Biden? Feb 2, 2021RUSH: The odds are that there are a lot of people, coal miners, a lot of people that voted for Biden who had no idea what he's gonna do and what's yet to come. read more I’m Not Making Light of AOC’s Trauma – But She Politicized It, Not Me Feb 2, 2021RUSH: If anybody thinks I was making light of it or laughing about it, it's not the case… So, I'm sorry. read more Rush 24/7 Morning Update: Thanks for the Sacrifices Feb 2, 2021RUSH: The ruler of Michigan, Governor Gretchen Whitmer, is graciously and generously allowing restaurants to resume indoor dining. read more Rush’s Famous Quotes "The founding of the country is something that every child deserves to know. The founding, the people behind it, what it took, why it's so unique, what is unique about the United States. These things are not taught." "The day’s gonna come, folks, where I’m not gonna be able to do this. I don’t know when that is. I want to be able to do it for as long as I want to do it and I want you to understand that, even when the day comes, I’d like to be here. ‘Cause I have this sense of needing to constantly show my appreciation for all that you have done and meant to me." "There is no country in the world like the United States, not even free Western democracies. We are the only country in the world with a Constitution that limits the government, that provides for the primacy of the citizen over government. We do not have a Constitution that limits what people can do. We have a Constitution that limits the government. That had never been done before in the history of the world." "I love very much what I do here. I'm very proud of what I do, proud of what I've become, and I'm really proud of being an American and proud of what I believe." "Loving yourself is very important, folks. Not bragging about yourself or being sick about it. But, if you don’t like yourself, if you’re not comfortable with who you are, then you’re gonna always try to be something you’re not, and you’re finished ’cause everybody’s gonna recognize you as a phony eventually." "Don't ever become a conformist. The best way to be made a fool every day is to become a conformist." "Folks, I am the only one talking about the truth that cannot be spoken." "Conservatism, the right things, the right values are worth defending." "The people who make the country work are you. You're out there, the people toiling away in anonymity, not seeking fame, not trying to get noticed, not uploading YouTube videos: 'Please notice me, I want to be famous.' There are people out there in the millions who make this country work." "I've always said that life, when you look back on your life, no matter what you have accumulated and no matter what you have acquired and achieved, life is about people and friends and the relationships you have with the people you love. That's what life is all about, and when you look back, the nostalgic moments, the warm moments of your life always will be about that." "Thank you for every day that you have been part of this growing, astounding audience -- the largest, the greatest audience in American commercial talk radio history." Pin It on Pinterest RushLimbaugh.com - Copyright @ 2024 Rush Limbaugh Radio Legacy, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact