The Temple Institute of Jerusalem - Learn About the Temple Institute Skip to content Home About us Statement of Principles International Department Research Biblical Commandments Rabbanim Terms and Conditions Study Tools Red Heifer Para Aduma – the Red Heifer Promise of Purity Temple Mount Temple Mount Guidelines Rambam on the Temple Mount Temple Mount Liberation 1967 Six Day War Reflections Days of Note A Day In The Holy Temple Chanukah Tu B’Shevat Half Shekel Offering Purim Rosh Chodesh The Three Weeks The 9th of Av Tu b’Av The Month of Elul 3 Days in Tevet The Septuagint The Passing of Ezra and Nechemiah Breaching the Walls of Jerusalem High Holidays Rosh Hashana Yom Kippur Festivals Sukkot Passover Omer Offering Shavuot Vessels The Altar The Menorah Priestly Garments The Tabernacle Temple Incense Offering ILLUSTRATED TOUR OF THE HOLY TEMPLE Gallery Visitor’s Center Holy Temple Museum Gift Shop Hebrew Website FAQs Donors Wall Subscribe Contact Us Donate Search Search for: Search Temple Institute Home About us Statement of Principles International Department Research Biblical Commandments Rabbanim Terms and Conditions Study Tools Red Heifer Para Aduma – the Red Heifer Promise of Purity Temple Mount Temple Mount Guidelines Rambam on the Temple Mount Temple Mount Liberation 1967 Six Day War Reflections Days of Note A Day In The Holy Temple Chanukah Tu B’Shevat Half Shekel Offering Purim Rosh Chodesh The Three Weeks The 9th of Av Tu b’Av The Month of Elul 3 Days in Tevet The Septuagint The Passing of Ezra and Nechemiah Breaching the Walls of Jerusalem High Holidays Rosh Hashana Yom Kippur Festivals Sukkot Passover Omer Offering Shavuot Vessels The Altar The Menorah Priestly Garments The Tabernacle Temple Incense Offering ILLUSTRATED TOUR OF THE HOLY TEMPLE Gallery Visitor’s Center Holy Temple Museum Gift Shop Hebrew Website FAQs Donors Wall Subscribe Contact Us Donate Search Search for: Search Home "And you bring near to yourself your brother!" (Exodus 28:1) Two of the most beautiful lines in the entire Torah appear in this week's reading, Tetzave, one right after the other: "And you bring near to yourself your brother Aharon, and his sons with him, from among the children of Israel to serve Me as kohanim: Aharon, Nadav, and Avihu, Eleazar, and Itamar, Aharon's sons. You shall make holy garments for your brother Aharon, for honor and splendor." (Exodus 28:1-2) Bring near to yourself your brother... and make holy garments for your brother... for honor and splendor! When we remove the particulars of HaShem's instructions to Moshe and instead focus on the underlying universal message we are overwhelmed by the love that HaShem has for all of us and the supreme imperative in His eyes that we draw near, rather than push away one another, and that in our hearts and our mind's eye we clothe our fellow man in honor and splendor - bechavod vetif'eret. Hasn't HaShem been trying to convey this message to mankind from the very beginning of time? He created a partner for Adam, He castigated Cain after he murdered his brother Abel, He felt regret when the generation of the flood descended into violence and anarchy, and bore witness to the inability of the children of Avraham, Yitzchak and Yaakov to eschew envy and animosity toward one another. It was only the sons of Israel who, when threatened with an irreparable disaster were able to overcome their differences and embrace one another. At last, G-d witnessed the potential of mankind to bring their brothers near to themselves and to clothe their brothers with the honor and splendor of love and respect and empathy and concern. The unity that the brothers exhibited set the stage for the eventual exodus from Egypt, led by two brothers so close to one another that at times in the Hebrew text of the Torah, they are grammatically referred to as one person. Our sages tell us that Moshe's reluctance to take on the task of leading Israel out of Egypt was out of respect for his older brother Aharon. Certainly he deserved the honor. Moshe could not be convinced otherwise until HaShem assured him, saying "Is there not Aharon your brother, the Levite? I know that he will surely speak, and behold, he is coming forth toward you, and when he sees you, he will rejoice in his heart." (ibid 3:14) And to Aharon, HaShem said, "Go toward Moshe, to the desert." And true to G-d's word, Aharon "went and met him on the mount of G-d, and he kissed him." (ibid 3:27) No jealousy, no bitter rivalry, just the unique joy of brotherly love expressed by a kiss. Clearly, however, the precious gift of brotherly love, of unity and empathy, is not a given. It is something that we must work toward, an instinct buried deep within our souls that we must strive to awaken. So many obstacles await us: jealousy, differences of opinion, different beliefs, different aspirations can all drive a dangerous wedge between us. How do we overcome this? Our Torah reading, Tetzave, provides us with the necessary starting point. Throughout the entire portion, which spans from Exodus 27:20 to Exodus 30:10, Moshe's name is not mentioned once. It is the only Torah reading from the birth of Moshe that his name is not mentioned. Loving our brother, drawing him near and granting him honor and splendor is not about us. It's all about the other. And only by embracing the other and making him our brother do we rediscover ourselves. Significantly, our sages cite the very reason that Moshe's name does not appear in parashat Tetzave. When Moshe is confronted with the debacle of the golden calf and he stands before HaShem on behalf of his people, asking for Divine forgiveness for his brethren, he gives G-d an ultimatum: "And now, if You forgive their sin But if not, erase me now from Your book, which You have written." (ibid 32:32) When given a choice, HaShem or his fellow man, Moshe unequivocally chose his brethren. And HaShem, not offended but overjoyed, forgave the people. G-d, our father, like any parent, just wants His children to get along, to stand up for one another just as Moshe did, to simply be there for one another. Brothers at odds with one another is a recipe for disaster. Israel has learned this many times throughout our long journey through history, most recently this past year. Only one year ago the children of Israel in the land of Israel were at each other's throats over differences that seem so insignificant today. Our enemies, seeing the division, struck with deadly and barbaric force. The shock of seeing so many of our people murdered, tortured, raped and dragged into captivity, awoke at once our brotherly instinct. We embraced, we drew near, we filled our hearts with a unity of purpose, and brothers risked and sacrificed their lives for others. In an instant our eyes were open to see the honor and splendor of our brothers. In brotherhood, in the bonds of love for one another we are victorious. With true, undying love for one another all things are possible. Even the building of the Holy Temple! There is no other expression in heaven or on earth of the meaning and potential of brotherhood than the Holy Temple, "a house of prayer for all nations." (Isaiah 56:7) In HaShem's house we are all equal, we are all brothers. In HaShem's house we draw near to our brother and clothe our brother in splendor. And who is the Kohen Gadol, the High Priest who stands before HaShem in the Holy of Holies on behalf of all mankind, just as Moshe stood before HaShem on Mount Sinai? He is our brother. His honor is our honor and his splendor is our splendor. The Kohen Gadol bears the names of the twelve sons of Israel upon his shoulders and upon his heart, just as we all must, ready to defend, ready to embrace, ready to love. The Temple Institute is dedicated to realizing this dream of brotherly love and respect made manifest in the courtyards of the Holy Temple, a place of peace, a place of brotherhood. If you also long for this dream, for the fulfillment of Isaiah's prophecy that "many peoples shall go, and they shall say, 'Come, let us go up to HaShem's mount, to the house of the G-d of Yaakov, and let Him teach us of His ways, and we will go in His paths,' for out of Zion shall the Torah come forth, and the word of HaShem from Jerusalem," (Isaiah 2:3), then draw near and join us! Support the work of the Temple Institute! SILVER TRUMPETS FOR OUR HEROIC SOLDIERS! Play A Part In Israel's War Against Evil! "If you go to war in your land against an adversary that oppresses you, you shall blow a teruah with the trumpets and be remembered before HaShem your G-d, and thus be saved from your enemies." (Numbers 10:9) Israel is at war with an enemy that sorely oppresses us with terror but our soldiers are filled with purpose and faith in HaShem, and firm in the knowledge that "it is Hashem, your God, Who goes with you to battle your enemies for you to deliver you!" (Deuteronomy 20:4) Social media has been filled these past weeks with photos and videos of Israeli soldiers preparing for battle with prayer, with song, with reading from Torah and with sounding the shofar. We are witnessing with our own eyes that HaShem, indeed, is going with our troops "to battle your enemies for you to deliver you!" It is a Torah commandment to prepare for battle by sounding silver trumpets, the same silver trumpets sounded by the kohanim in the Holy Temple, so that we should "be remembered before HaShem your G-d, and thus be saved from your enemies." The Temple Institute has begun manufacturing silver trumpets to distribute to the IDF rabbis so that they can be sounded by our soldiers as they make their way to battle. Two trumpets are required to be sounded simultaneously, and each one needs to be produced from a single piece of silver. The cost of each trumpet is significant and every donation toward producing the trumpets will be gratefully accepted! We are calling upon friends of Israel around the world to play a true Torah role in Israel's war against today's Amalek, the villainous tribe who "happened upon you on the way and cut off all the stragglers at your rear, when you were faint and weary, and he did not fear G-d." (Deuteronomy 25:18) I WANT TO HELP! Please designate "vessels" in your donation! LEVITICAL CHOIR PERFORMS AT THE SOUTHERN WALL OF THE TEMPLE MOUNT! Last week, during the intermediate days of Sukkot, the Temple Institute's Levitical Choir joined dozens of other musical Levites in a festive performance of Psalm 27. The Temple Institute's Levitical Choir performers can be recognized by their Levitical uniforms, and, of course, the silver trumpets are those reproduced by the Temple Institute. The concert was a joint production of The Temple Institute, the East Jerusalem Development Company, the Municipality of Jerusalem, and others. The performance took place on the steps leading up to the ancient Hulda Gates on the Southern Wall of the Temple Mount, the gates through which thousands of pilgrims once ascended from the City of David to the Holy Temple. "One thing I ask of HaShem, that I seek - that I may dwell in the house of HaShem all the days of my life, to see the pleasantness of HaShem and to visit His Temple all the days of my life." WATER LIBATION REENACTMENT NISUCH HAMAYIM) 5784/2023 This year's annual Water Libation Reenactment featured the premiere performance of the Temple Institute's Levitical Choir. Learn more about the festival of Sukkot and the Water Libation ceremony! TEMPLE TALK: GENEROUS & WISE HEARTED PEOPLE! THE WOMEN OF ISRAEL LEAD THE WAY! THE HALF-SHEKEL OFFERING - OUR SHARE IN THE HOLY TEMPLE! Parashat Vayakhel is all about the building of the Tabernacle & its vessels, and about the generous and wise hearted men & women who made it happen, who literally made a Mishkan - a dwelling place - for HaShem, so that He can dwell amongst His people! It's not the silver or the gold, but the heart and the soul of people who give, which makes a house for HaShem! Remember: Helping to make HaShem's dream of a Sanctuary in which His Presence can dwell amongst us, is the work of the Temple Institute! Join us in our efforts! WEEKLY TORAH STUDY: KI TISA/כי תשא Cataclysmic occurrences change the course of history. One of Israel's most cataclysmic and enduring incidents was the golden calf. Yet, in spite of the utter seriousness of the event, what changes really occurred to Israel and to Moshe in its aftermath? Ki Tisa (Exodus 30:11 - 34:35) Parashat Ki Tisa is read on Shabbat: Adar Rishon 22, 5784/March 2, 2024 TISH'A B'AV: BUILD A HOUSE FOR HASHEM! "Be strong and have courage! Build a House for HaShem!" In this scene from a film soon to become an integral part of the Temple Institute's Jerusalem based Visitors Center experience, the prophet Samuel charges King David with the task of building the Holy Temple! TISH'A B'AV: THE GLORY OF THIS LAST HOUSE SHALL BE GREATER THAN THE FIRST! "The Glory of this Last House Shall be Greater than the First!" In this scene from a film soon to become an integral part of the Temple Institute's Jerusalem based Visitors Center experience, Zerubavel from the house of David and Kohen Gadol (High Priest) Yehoshua consult with the prophet Haggai who instructs them to waste no time in rebuilding the Holy Temple! THE TEMPLE INSTITUTE: BRINGING THE HOLY TEMPLE TO LIFE! "Speak to the children of Israel, and have them take for Me an offering; from every person whose heart inspires him to generosity, you shall take My offering..." (Ex. 25:2) Thus begins Terumah, this week's Torah reading, in which HaShem reveals His desire that Israel "make for Me a sanctuary and I will dwell in their midst." (Ex. 25:8) The Temple Institute is dedicated to making the Holy Temple a reality in our day, and toward this end, the Temple Institute has, for 36 years, been building and planning and researching and teaching and sharing with you our reconstructed sacred vessels and priestly garments, our books and paintings, our red heifer candidates, our teachings and insights and our love for HaShem and the Holy Temple! It is only through the generosity of your hearts that we are able to continue our important work. Only together can we build for HaShem a sanctuary and "a house of prayer for all nations!" SUPPORT THE WORK OF THE TEMPLE INSTITUTE! THE RED HEIFER! The ashes of the red heifer, essential for the renewal of the Divine service in the Holy Temple, is one of the Torah's most fascinating and mysterious commandments. In our brand new in-depth entry, learn what constitutes "a perfectly red unblemished cow," how the ashes are made and how they are applied, the history and the mystery of the red heifer, and current efforts to raise a red heifer. Beautifully illustrated and extensively footnoted! INTRODUCING THE TEMPLE INSTITUTE'S LEVITICAL CHOIR ACADEMY In yet another major step toward preparing for the rebuilding of the Holy Temple and the renewal of the Divine service, the Temple Institute has established the Levitical Choir Academy, dedicated to teaching today's descendants of the tribe of Levi the Levitical songbook - the songs that are sung by the Levitical Choir in accompaniment to the Daily offerings and the Additional Festival offerings performed in the Holy Temple. Levi'im from all across Israel have already responded to the Temple Institute's initiative, and as these video clip show, are already honing their skills as a proper Levitical Choir. Levitical garments are currently being designed for the choir to be worn during their service in the rebuilt Holy Temple. BLUE, PURPLE & CRIMSON: THE COLORS OF THE TABERNACLE! In the book of Exodus we read of the building of the desert Tabernacle, the Sanctuary in which G-d will dwell amongst His people. We learn of the beautiful fabric dyed sky blue and royal purple and crimson red. We learn that the Israelites, inspired by G-d with wisdom, understanding and knowledge, produced these colors. But Torah doesn't reveal the secret, how? In our day these ancient, long forgotten arts and sciences have been rediscovered here in Israel. Enjoy this glimpse into the fascinating renaissance of biblical dye-making, filmed in the re-established town of Shiloh, at the site of the ancient Tabernacle. JUDITH ABRAHAMS, THE MASTER WEAVER WHO WOVE THE HIGH PRIEST'S ROBE Judith Abrahams is a master weaver who was commissioned by the Temple Institute to weave the me'il techelet - the all blue tunic of the Kohen Gadol (High Priest), which can be seen at the Institute's Jerusalem exhibition. In this beautiful documentary, which was filmed by Graham and Ronit Humberstone in 2020, Judith shares her personal journey and enlightens us with her passion for weaving which has led her to study traditional Navajo weaving with the Navajo Nation in New Mexico, and then, employing the "chochmat lev - wisdom of the heart" (Exodus 35:25) that she accrued, to weave the High Priest's robe. Judith now sets her sights on weaving the Parochet, the massive curtain which separated the Temple Sanctuary (Kodesh) from the Kodesh HaKodeshim (the Holy of Holies). The Temple Institute thanks Graham and Ronit for allowing us to present their video on our YouTube channel, in order to share Judith's story with a wide audience. And, of course, great thanks and appreciation to Judith Abrahams, for blessing us with her talents and her inspiration. "And all the skilled (chochmat lev) women spun with their own hands, and brought what they had spun, in blue, purple, and crimson yarns, and in fine linen. And all the women who excelled in that skill spun the goats’ hair." Exodus 35:25-26) RED HEIFERS ARRIVE IN ISRAEL! On Thursday, September 15, 2022, 5 PM, 5 perfect, unblemished red heifers arrived in Israel from the USA. A modest ceremony was held at the unloading bay of the cargo terminal at Ben Gurion airport, where the new arrivals were greeted and speeches were made by the incredible people who have put their hearts and souls and means into making this historic/prophetic day become a reality. We invite you to join us in our worldwide effort to produce the longed-for ashes of the red heifer! Subscribe Please wait... Subscribe to our Weekly Newsletter donate icon Home| About us| Terms & Conditions| Contact Us| Hebrew Website| Back to Top templeinstitute©2020Powered by Fluida & WordPress. Close this module SubscribeSubscribe to our weekly newsletter to receive the latest news and updatesEmailEmailNameNameSubmitNo thanks, I’m not interested! Please wait... Subscribe Weekly Newsletter get Subscribe to our Weekly Newsletter Subscribe Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Grayscale High Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Links Underline Readable Font Reset