Breaking Defense - Defense industry news, analysis and commentary Newsletter Signup About Us Resource Library More Air Warfare Land Warfare Naval Warfare Space Networks / Cyber Congress All Domain Global Special Features » Indo-Pacific All Domain: Connecting the Joint Force Defense Budget Coverage Advanced Weapons Technology Air Dominance Newsletters About Us Air Land Naval Space Networks / Cyber All Domain Congress Pentagon Global Newsletter Signup About Us Resource Library Search for: Defense industry news, analysis and commentary Special Features × Close Signup Modal Breaking Defense In your inbox Want the latest defense industry news? Sign up for the Breaking Defense newsletter. We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Air Land Naval Space Networks / Cyber All Domain Congress Pentagon Global Search for: Featured: DIMDEX 2024 » Indo-Pacific » Land Warfare, Naval Warfare, Networks / Cyber Water games: Army observes Marine vessels at Project Convergence experiment By Ashley Roque Land Warfare, Global European Commission’s first industrial strategy aims to break US dependence, deter Russia European Commission’s first industrial strategy aims to break US dependence, deter Russia The strategy may include strong language about guarding against the threat from Moscow, but it also acknowledges a long — and pricey — road ahead for Europe’s defense industry. Global, Naval Warfare Qatari shipbuilder joins forces with L3Harris, debuts Suhail USV at DIMDEX 2024 Qatari shipbuilder joins forces with L3Harris, debuts Suhail USV at DIMDEX 2024 Performance Marine Chairman Hassan Bin Jabor Al-Thani told Breaking Defense that Suhail is the first fully autonomous USV completely built in Doha. Air Warfare, Land Warfare Russia-North Korea ‘partnership’ could have long-lasting repercussions, NSC official warns Russia-North Korea ‘partnership’ could have long-lasting repercussions, NSC official warns Pyongyang seeks “direct military assistance from Russia to include fighter aircraft, surface-to-air missiles, armored vehicles and ballistic missile production equipment,” said Mira Rapp Hooper, the White House’s top advisor on the Korean peninsula, Latest News Air Warfare, Global, Land Warfare, Naval Warfare Iran shows off naval guns, missiles and UAV named ‘Gaza’ at Qatari defense show One representative at Tehran’s expansive booth told Breaking Defense the weapons are available to export to basically any country except the US and Israel. By Agnes Helou Congress, Pentagon The mythical national security argument for protecting the steel industry In this op-ed, William C. Greenwalt argues that American-made steel is not as imperative to the defense industry as it once was. By William C. Greenwalt Space, Sponsored Intelligence Community and Space Force challenges intersect and require closer collaboration Space, Sponsored Intelligence Community and Space Force challenges intersect and require closer collaboration Space, Sponsored Intelligence Community and Space Force challenges intersect and require closer collaboration “Mission engineering” can integrate space and ground assets to push data to the edge. From Breaking Defense “Mission engineering” can integrate space and ground assets to push data to the edge. From Breaking Defense Air Warfare, Land Warfare, Networks / Cyber, Pentagon Exclusive: Army Vice Chief talks network evolution, possible C-UAS shakeup and other priorities The Army’s new Vice Chief of Staff Gen. James Mingus recently sat down with Breaking Defense to discuss a few of his priorities that include network changes to include transitioning from a ‘C2 Fix’ to ‘C2 Next.’ By Ashley Roque presented by Air Warfare, Sponsored Post GA-ASI’s MQ-9B: The right UAV for persistence, power, and performance When assessing the state of the art of unmanned aerial systems, it’s critical to be very clear about what various aircraft can and can’t do – and could never do. By GENERAL ATOMICS AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS, INC. Networks / Cyber, Sponsored Multi-domain operations start with security, interoperability in the cloud Networks / Cyber, Sponsored Multi-domain operations start with security, interoperability in the cloud Networks / Cyber, Sponsored Multi-domain operations start with security, interoperability in the cloud MDO requires operations at the tactical edge and cloud is the transport that makes it possible. From Breaking Defense MDO requires operations at the tactical edge and cloud is the transport that makes it possible. From Breaking Defense All Domain: Connecting the Joint ForceSponsored byView all → Air Warfare New Air Force Vice Chief has ‘passion’ for better data, wants industry help Networks / Cyber How GIDE grows: AI battle network experiments are expanding to Army, allies and industry Land Warfare Fewer special ops, more tech: Formal force structure cements a trimmer Army Networks / Cyber First version of all-service battle network is ‘real and ready now’: Hicks Networks / Cyber ‘Fight tonight’ vs ‘Getting it right’: CDAO’s Martell wants to build AI to last Air Warfare Lessons from Ukraine and Israel on how America should approach new tech Air Warfare, Global, Land Warfare, Naval Warfare Singapore downplays defense spending hike, though with warning of instability COVID-19 stalled defense programs, so money moves from last year to this, giving Singapore defense spending a single year bump of over 12 percent. By Colin Clark Air Warfare, All Domain, Land Warfare Poland signs $2.5B air defense battle system deal, plans new fleet of light recon vehicles Warsaw continues its defense spending spree in back-to-back signings. By Bartosz Głowacki Air Warfare, Sponsored The view from VISTA is a training landscape virtually recreating just about any C2ISR platform Air Warfare, Sponsored The view from VISTA is a training landscape virtually recreating just about any C2ISR platform Air Warfare, Sponsored The view from VISTA is a training landscape virtually recreating just about any C2ISR platform Training for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance is costly, complex, and forces analysts to go TDY for a Red Flag or Virtual Flag. CAE’s VISTA ends all that. From Breaking Defense Training for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance is costly, complex, and forces analysts to go TDY for a Red Flag or Virtual Flag. CAE’s VISTA ends all that. From Breaking Defense Air Warfare 4 solutions for addressing the Air Force’s distance anxiety In this op-ed, Timothy Walton and Mark Gunzinger discuss solutions to extend the reach of the US Air Force for a China scenario. By Timothy A. Walton and Mark Gunzinger What about Taurus missiles for Ukraine? The 1 question Germany’s chancellor hears on repeat “There’s no technical argument why you would need German soldiers” for Ukraine to operate Taurus missiles, analyst Fabian Hoffmann said. “It’s simply because the chancellor doesn’t want to give up final targeting authority.” By Tim Martin Air Warfare, Naval Warfare US Navy inks $3.4B deal for 17 P-8s for Canada, Germany The deal will see 14 new planes go to Canada and three to Germany. By Justin Katz Breaking Defense daily newsletter We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. In Focus: Joint Operations in the Pacific Sponsored byView all → Sponsored Airborne tactical operations centers are needed for JADC2; Northern Edge demoed one in a KC-135 Sponsored True all-domain operations? It happened at Northern Edge ‘23 Air Warfare Coalition ops: Northern Edge 2 highlights culture, language challenges Global Space on agenda for Biden’s trilateral summit with S. Korea, Japan Global All domain C2, data sharing key for Talisman Sabre: US 3-star Air Warfare Agile basing gets real world test in Pacific Northern Edge: replace F-15 engine on small island Air Warfare, Land Warfare EXCLUSIVE: Strykers with 50-kilowatt lasers in CENTCOM for experiment, Army No. 2 says “Is it 100 percent ready? Is it going to work perfectly? Probably not but we’re going to learn from it,” Army Vice Chief of Staff Gen. James Mingus told Breaking Defense. By Ashley Roque Air Warfare, All Domain, Networks / Cyber, Pentagon New Air Force Vice Chief has ‘passion’ for better data, wants industry help Recently confirmed Gen. Jim Slife pledged to work on sharing data not only inside the Air Force but with his counterparts at the other armed services. By Sydney J. Freedberg Jr. Congress, Pentagon Congress renews stopgap funding, averting partial shutdown Despite reaching an agreement on spending toplines in January, House and Senate lawmakers still have not approved a fiscal year 2024 budget. By Michael Marrow All Domain, Networks / Cyber, Pentagon How GIDE grows: AI battle network experiments are expanding to Army, allies and industry 2023’s Global Information Dominance Experiments were a race to field a “minimum viable” version of CJADC2. The 2024 GIDEs will open up to more input from the services, the Five Eyes allies, and a wide range of contractors. By Sydney J. Freedberg Jr. Congress, Pentagon House GOP pile on Austin over secretive hospitalization as Dems try to pivot to Ukraine “I understand that leaders have to set the example. Again, I said that we didn’t get the notification right. Again, I was the patient, and so I expect that my organization would do the right thing,” Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said. By Justin Katz Air Warfare, Sponsored Fact-checking the KC-46A Pegasus Air Warfare, Sponsored Fact-checking the KC-46A Pegasus Air Warfare, Sponsored Fact-checking the KC-46A Pegasus How the KC-46A has become a “game changer” for U.S. and allied warfighters. From BOEING How the KC-46A has become a “game changer” for U.S. and allied warfighters. From BOEING Previous Posts Breaking Defense In your inbox Want the latest defense industry news? Sign up for the Breaking Defense newsletter. We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. × No thanks We will never sell or share your information without your consent. See our privacy policy. Advertising & Marketing Solutions Our Sites Breaking Defense Breaking Energy Breaking Gov Above the Law Dealbreaker MedCity News Copyright © 2024 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Privacy Center | Do not sell my information ×