Sencha - Enterprise ready JavaScript & Java UI Framework Introducing React ReExt – Sencha Ext JS Components in React! LEARN MORE 日本語 Support Docs Contact Us Blog Products Products Ext JS The Javascript Framework GXT The Java framework Explore UI Components Grids Pivot grids Trees Charts Calendars And 140+ More Tools Cmd Sencha test Sencha Architect Rapid Ext JS (beta) Sencha Themer Sencha Inspector IDE plugins Fiddle ReExt Explore Free Products Community Edition Upgrade Adviser Sencha Web Test Sencha Stencils Why Ext JS? Why Ext JS? The ultimate JavaScript framework for your app development needs Further information Why Ext JS Grid Performance benchmark Case studies See comparison See it for yourself Ext JS example Try Sencha Ext JS Request a demo Kitchen Sink Resources Resources Explore our wide range of documentation, tutorials, webinars, and case studies Deeper learning Documentation Videos Tutorials Forum Explore Resource Center Latest news and content The Sencha Blog White papers Case studies Ext JS comparison Email client Skill Sprints Services Sencha advisory services Training Professional services Support Support Get expert assistance for your development needs Support Center Support portal Forum FAQs Legal Contact Us Community StackOverflow Discord GitHub Licensing Licensing Learn about our flexible licensing options Store Buy Ext JS Sencha GXT Sencha Test Authorized resellers OEM licensing Pricing Compare Ext JS licenses Renew my license Independent Consultant Program Visit store About About The latest news and updates from around the world Inside Sencha Our story News and media Careers Connect with Sencha Sencha MVP Become a partner OEM Quick links YouTube LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Get Started Buy Get Started Buy Enterprise-ready UI framework to build modern web apps Sencha Ext JS is a powerful JavaScript framework for creating data-rich, modern, cross-platform web and mobile applications. It enables rapid development of complex UIs using pre-built components, ensuring faster time to market. Get Started Watch Video Front-end UI Components CMD Themer Architect Test Inspector UI/UX Fiddle Rapid Ext JS IDE Plugins Loved by 200,000+ developers and trusted by 60% of fortune 100 companies See how Real Capital Markets powers 50% of US commercial real estate sales using Ext JS. Watch the video Check out how Governance.io builds powerful governance and compliance app with Ext JS. Watch the video Learn how Icube automates transactions and improves operational efficiency with Ext JS Read the customer spotlight Discover how Canadian Blood Services transformed a complex UI system with Ext JS. Watch the video Everything you need to build robust web apps Develop your modern business web apps seamlessly Building a single-page enterprise web application involves many interconnected components. Ext JS comes with over 140 prebuilt UI components and tools you need to build a reliable, secure app with top-notch UI/UX and easy deployment. Learn more Why develop with Sencha Ext JS? Rich set of UI components Ext JS is a powerful UI framework that includes 140+ preintegrated high-performance components. These components make it easy to develop fast and consistent UIs for large data sets and come with built-in themes for easy usability. High productivity Save 100+ hours on component creation and maintenance. Accelerate coding, debugging, testing, and deployment with our powerful IDE and editor plugins and our UI toolkit. Build high-quality cross-platform HTML5 apps today. Faster time to market Eliminate cross-browser and platform testing. Build and ship web apps faster with preintegrated tools—Themer, Fiddle, Inspector, Architect, and Sencha Test. Superior design at your fingertips. Performant Experience lightning-fast data processing, over 300x faster than other vendors. The object-oriented approach and support for MVC and MVVM ensure developers can use their existing skills to develop apps faster. Secure framework Safeguard mission-critical apps. Our proprietary UI framework ensures safety and integrity, eliminating risks of open-source solutions. Build amazing apps with robust and reliable user interfaces. Platform & browser support Tested across a wide range of browsers and platforms (web, mobile, desktop) and adaptable to different screen sizes, Ext JS delivers a professional and consistent look for exceptional user experiences. Tired of unsecured open-source UI frameworks putting your business at risk? Learn the difference between proprietary and open-source JavaScript UI frameworks. We break down all the myths and misconceptions. Download your copy Explore the fully functional example application built entirely with EXT JS Build a UI quickly and easily with few lines of code using Ext JS because everything is built in and you don’t have to rely on third-party libraries. It minimizes the need for HTML and CSS, allowing developers to focus on business logic and functionality. See in action GXT: Your go-to web framework for Java development Our comprehensive Java framework, Sencha GXT, empowers you to build feature-rich HTML5 applications using Java and GWT. With its adaptive layouts and highly optimized cross-platform HTML5 code, you can enjoy the flexibility and efficiency you deserve. Start building Ready to dive in? Here’s how to get started building powerful apps with Sencha Demos and training Explore product demos, training resources, and extensive, well-structured documentation. Discover videos, tutorials, blogs, and examples of building UI components with the Kitchen Sink. Hassle-free licensing Simple and straightforward licenses include no hidden fees, guaranteed. Visit our store to learn more about Sencha licensing, authorized resellers, and OEM licensing. Compare options and easily renew licenses. Dedicated support Enjoy truly unlimited dedicated support with our support portal, Sencha forum (knowledge base), Community, and Discord channel. View demo Try it for free Your fully functional 30-day evaluation is just a simple click away. Download free trial What’s new The Sencha blog in your inbox Subscribe to our newsletter and get articles about productivity, application development and actionable tips delivered to you. Sign up Privacy policy / Terms and conditions Products Ext JS GXT Sencha Test Stencils Service Professional Services Training Partners Advisory Services Store Buy Now Licensing Ordering Information Authorized Resellers Developers Performance Benchmark Upgrade Adviser Resource Center Webinars Docs Examples Case Studies Ext JS Comparison Email Client Skill Sprints Company Overview Blog In the News Press Releases Careers MVPs Contact Us Legal Privacy Policy © 2024 SENCHA INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.