Home - Bibliotheca Alexandrina Bibliotheca Alexandrina English عربي Français Toggle navigation Search BA Catalogue About the BA Visit us Projects & Activities Offsites Sinnari House Khadija Palace Embassies of Knowledge CultNat News News BA in Press Events Events Online Ticketing Publications Photo Gallery Especially for Book Lovers Art Lovers Academic Community Children & Young People Previous Next Opening Hours Main Reading Area Sunday to Thursday: 10:00 am – 7:00 pm. Saturday: 10:00 am – 2:00 pm. Visits, Museums, and Planetarium Science Center: Sunday to Thursday: 9:30 am – 5:00 pm. Saturday: 10:00 am – 2:00 pm. Children's, YP and Taha Hussein Libraries: Sunday to Thursday: 9:30 am – 4:00 pm. Saturday: 10:00 am – 2:00 pm (Taha Hussein Library, which will be closed). News The Writing and Scripts Center Honored in the Mohamed Ibrahim School of Arabic Calligraphy Competition The BA Releases the Second Issue of Hypatia Magazine “Echoes of the Deep: Historical Shipwrecks of the Red Sea” Exhibition at the BA “The Immortal Legacy”… In Celebration of Shadi Abdel Salam’s Birthday BA YouTube Channel Webcast BA in the media BA in Press You Can Also Browse… Egyptian Press Archive of CEDEJ Francophone Activities Center Digital Assets Repository (DAR) BA E-Learning Services Reissuing the Classics of the Islamic Heritage Science Supercourse The World Digital Library L’Institut du Monde Arabe Digital Library My Book: Digital and Printed Internet Archive SCIPlanet Vista The Wellcome Arabic Manuscript Cataloguing Partnership (WAMCP) Encyclopedia of Life Memory of Modern Egypt Memory of Suez Canal Naguib Digital Archive Nasser Digital Archive Sadat Digital Archive Adly Mansour Description de l'Egypte Memory of the Arab World Eternal Egypt Global Egyptian Museum Website Hieroglyphs Step by Step DUISB Egyptian Arabian Horses BA Information for Africa (BAIFA) For Book Lovers View Events BA Libraries The BA Libraries, the heart and hub of the BA, provide a space for knowledge seekers. In addition to the Main Library, the BA comprises six specialized libraries: the Arts and Multimedia Library, the Taha Hussein Library for the visually impaired, the Children’s Library, the Young People’s Library, the Exchange and Archive Section , and the Rare Books Section . Another library, the Francophone Library, was founded after receiving a massive book donation from the BnF. Publications English French Arabic go to Publications Search BA Catalogue DAR A system developed at the BA to create and maintain the Library's digital collections. BA Book Fair An international cultural overview from Alexandria. Reissuing the Classics Reissuing classics of the Islamic heritage in the 19th and 20th centuries/13th and 14th Hijri centuries. ILTP International Librarianship Training Program for Arab and non-Arab librarians. Conference Center For Art Lovers Exhibitions The BA, with its Arts Center and Art Exhibitions and Collections Department, is a haven for art lovers and a major disseminator of culture in the Egyptian society. Exhibitions Museums It also houses four major museums: the Sadat Museum (dedicated to the memory of the late President Sadat), the Antiquities Museum, the Manuscripts Museum, and the History of Science Museum. Museums For the Academic Community View Events Manuscripts Center The Center for Documentation of Cultural and Natural Heritage (CULTNAT) Alexandria and Mediterranean Research Center (Alex Med) International School of Information Science (ISIS) Serageldin Institute for Multidisciplinary Advanced Research “SIMAR Institute” Center for Special Studies and Programs (CSSP) Alexandria Center for Hellenistic Studies Center for Islamic Civilization Studies Center for Coptic Studies Center for Strategic Studies Writing and Scripts Center Women Studies and Social Transformation Program (WSST) Sustainable Development Studies, Youth Capacity Building, and African Relations Support Program Zahi Hawass Center of Egyptology Manuscripts Center The Manuscripts Center is a part of the Cultural Outreach Sector. It aims to explore the depths of Arab and Islamic manuscript heritage through indexing, verification, and study. Read more The Center for Documentation of Cultural and Natural Heritage (CULTNAT) The Center for Documentation of Cultural and Natural Heritage (CULTNAT) of the Cultural Outreach Sector of the Bibliotheca Alexandrina plays an important and unique role in documenting Egypt's cultural heritage in its tangible and intangible aspects, besides Egypt's natural heritage from protectorates and wildlife. Read more Latest Projects The Egyptian Archaeological Map Land of Punt Culturama Panorama of the Egyptian Military Heritage through the Ages Alexandria and Mediterranean Research Center (Alex Med) The Alexandria and Mediterranean Research Center (Alex Med) documents and researches the tangible and intangible heritage of Alexandria and the Mediterranean while promoting dialogue and exchange in the region. It seeks both to preserve the past and to promote the future development of the city of Alexandria by conducting research on its heritage and holding conferences and exhibitions. Read more Latest Projects The Cisterns of Alexandria Hassan Fathi Award for Architecture International Augmented Med (I AM) International School of Information Science (ISIS) The International School of Information Science (ISIS) is a research institute affiliated to the BA. It acts as an incubator for digital and technological projects, thus promoting and nurturing innovation, which is the foundation of the BA’s mission. Guided by the goals of the BA, ISIS strives to preserve heritage for future generations in digital form, provide universal access to human knowledge, and promote the research and development of activities and projects related to building a universal digital library. ISIS received an Award of Merit and the Outstanding Civil Engineering Achievement (OCEA) award from the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2002. Read more Latest Projects Description de l’Egypte Memory of Modern Egypt Internet Archive Serageldin Institute for Multidisciplinary Advanced Research “SIMAR Institute” In 2016, the nucleus of Serageldin Institute for Multidisciplinary Advanced Research “SIMAR” was initiated, where the mission was to conduct quantitative analysis and modeling in different multidisciplinary areas. The multidisciplinary research undertaken at SIMAR was meant to reach meaningful diagnosis and policy prescriptions across various sectors, to include poverty, education, health, quality of measurement, food security, democracy, climate change, population, attitude surveys, and household analysis, …etc. The Institute is composed of qualified researchers experienced in all quantitative techniques including econometrics, statistics, modelling, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning,…etc. Read more Center for Special Studies and Programs (CSSP) The Center for Special Studies and Programs (CSSP) seeks to create a generation of innovative researchers through research grant programs, and it recognizes the existence of untapped potential in young researchers all over Egypt who are eager to collaborate with international institutions but lack the means needed for such collaboration. All activities handled by the CSSP primarily demonstrate quality, excellence, and intellectual rigor implemented with professionalism and cost-effectiveness. The CSSP is committed to providing an environment that both encourages and inspires scientists and those who are keen to achieve their personal and professional goals. Read more Latest Projects Research Grants Program BioVisionAlexandria Knowledge-Triangle Platform for the Water-Energy-Food Nexus (TriNex) Alexandria Center for Hellenistic Studies The Alexandria Center for Hellenistic Studies was established as a joint collaboration between the Bibliotheca Alexandrina, the Onassis Foundation, the Vardinoyannis Foundation, and the Alexandria University. Graduates of classics or archaeology departments may apply directly for a master’s degree. Non-specialized students must take a one year diploma, which qualifies candidates to apply for a master’s degree. The Center is open to scholars from around the world who are keen to obtain diplomas, master’s degrees, and PhDs in Hellenistic studies in history; literature; art, archaeology, and architecture; and philosophy and science. Read more Latest Projects Hellenistic Studies Accredited Courses Center for Islamic Civilization Studies The Center for Islamic Civilization Studies is one of the research centers affiliated to the Bibliotheca Alexandrina (BA) and aspires to achieve the BA goals, including promoting the universality of Islam, its message of tolerance, and the Islamic civilization that has been a cornerstone in human history. The Center’s goals contribute to the dissemination of certain ideals, such as acceptance, fraternity and accepting the other, while rejecting bigotry. The Islamic Civilization, which spread from China in the east to Andalusia in the west, left behind a path of enlightenment and numerous achievements in the fields of science, art, and philosophy that collectively and harmoniously benefitted humanity in many ways. Spaces of freedom were created when translation and openness on different cultures flourished during the Islamic ages and led to diversity and creativity. The Islamic Civilization has had its unique characteristics and momentous achievements throughout history which have remained relevant and significant in our modern day and age. Read more Latest Projects The Islamic Attractions and Arab Antiquities in Egypt and Moez Cairo Center for Coptic Studies Believing that the Coptic heritage belongs to all Egyptians, the Center for Coptic Studies was established in 2013 under the BA Academic Research Sector. The center focuses on the Coptic heritage and its preservation, emphasizing its role as a key component of Egyptian heritage in general, and a main tributary contributing to the Egyptian identity in particular. Read more Latest Projects Coptica Alexandrina (CA) Bulletin Center for Strategic Studies The BA Center for Strategic Studies was founded as a contribution of the BA to highlight the current transformations on the international arena, study their impact on the Arab societies, and develop policies to link the research circles with decision makers. Read more Writing and Scripts Center Since its establishment, the Writing and Scripts Center has adopted several objectives: to produce and digitally document writings, to study of the development of writings up until the digital age, and to study the aesthetics of calligraphy as a means for advanced artistic expression. Read more Latest Projects The Digital Library of Inscriptions and Calligraphies “Hieroglyphs Step by Step” Website Learn the Ancient Egyptian Language Women Studies and Social Transformation Program (WSST) The Women Studies and Social Transformation Program (WSST) was established with an aim to focus on women studies and gender issues through the implementation of programs and activities that identify and advocate for policies that create a more supportive environment for women, promote gender equity and ensure inclusive practices by policy makers, thus becoming an incubator and an active promoter for change and the creation of conditions for constructive social transformation. Read more Latest Projects Support to Cultural Diversity and Creativity in Egypt Kom el-Dikka Development: As part of the Support to Cultural Diversity and Creativity in Egypt Project Sustainable Development Studies, Youth Capacity Building, and African Relations Support Program The Sustainable Development Studies, Youth Capacity Building, and African Relations Support Program aspires to become a leading national and international program engaged in high-quality, cutting-edge, and policy-relevant researches and studies—a program that contributes to a better understanding of the environment and provides solutions to urgent environmental issues. Read more Latest Projects African League of Young Masters (ALYM) Youth for Environmental Sustainability and Better Understanding (YESBU) League of Young Masters (LYM) Zahi Hawass Center of Egyptology Zahi Hawass Center of Egyptology is a center for research, education and training established in February 2018 by a resolution from Dr. Moustafa Elfeki, Director the Library of Alexandria. The center was named after Zahi Hawass, a high profile Egyptologist. It is located at the Center for Documentation of Cultural and Natural Heritage (CULTNAT) in the Smart Village in Giza. Read more Manuscripts Center The Center for Documentation of Cultural and Natural Heritage (CULTNAT) Alexandria and Mediterranean Research Center (Alex Med) International School of Information Science (ISIS) Serageldin Institute for Multidisciplinary Advanced Research “SIMAR Institute” Center for Special Studies and Programs (CSSP) Alexandria Center for Hellenistic Studies Center for Islamic Civilization Studies Center for Coptic Studies Center for Strategic Studies Writing and Scripts Center Women Studies and Social Transformation Program (WSST) Sustainable Development Studies, Youth Capacity Building, and African Relations Support Program Zahi Hawass Center of Egyptology Academic community Resources Theses & Dissertations Nobel Section Map Library E-Resources Exchange & Archive Section Rare Books Section BA Information for Africa (BAIFA) Library Services Research Tools Vista Internet Archive Science Supercourse Supercomputer For Children & Young People View Events Children's Library Summer Program 2023 PSC Summer Program 2023 YP Library Summer Program 2023 Planetarium Shows Planetarium Science Center From 6 to 11 Years Children’s Library Projects & Activities From 12 to 16 Years Old Young People’s Library Projects & Activities Photo Gallery Contact Us Read more Your Opinion Matters… Your feedback will help us to continuously improve our performance. We look forward to hearing from you. Give Feedback Subscriptions Subscribe to receive our newsletter and stay informed about our upcoming events. e-Newsletter Calendar of Events Donation Policy Vacancies Volunteering Opportunities Contact Us * * The email address is invalid. Please enter a valid address. * * Please verify that you are human © Bibliotheca Alexandrina