The Best Podcast Hosting Platform | Libsyn Podcasting Skip to content How To Start a Podcast Pricing Features Monetization Advertise on a Podcast Add Advertising to Your Podcast Enterprise Enterprise Podcasting LibsynEDU Menu How To Start a Podcast Pricing Features Monetization Advertise on a Podcast Add Advertising to Your Podcast Enterprise Enterprise Podcasting LibsynEDU Log In Sign Up LOG IN SIGN UP How To Start a Podcast Pricing Features Monetization Advertise on a Podcast Add Advertising to Your Podcast Enterprise Enterprise Podcasting LibsynEDU Menu LOG IN SIGN UP How To Start a Podcast Pricing Features Monetization Advertise on a Podcast Add Advertising to Your Podcast Enterprise Enterprise Podcasting LibsynEDU Grow Your Audience. Track Your Success. Make Money. Podcast Hosting for All. GET PODCASTING Millions in Podcast Advertising Payouts to Creators Whether aiming for a few dollars a month or building a podcast business empire, join the thousands of creators making money with Libsyn. Learn More Explore Global Podcast Statistics Immerse yourself in advanced podcast analytics with interactive maps, charts, and insights about fan-favorite apps, players, and destinations. Libsyn’s most-loved IAB Tech Lab-verified stats help you understand your audience and optimize podcast promotion strategies. Simple Podcast Recording Libsyn’s built-in podcast recording ensures that everyone, beginner to expert, can easily share their unique voice with the world. Our audio podcast creation tools simplify achieving your individual podcasting goals — podcaster freedom is our thing. Podcasters Give Libsyn 5 Stars! Trustpilot Trustpilot Boost Your Podcast Marketing Strategy — Social Scheduling Promote your latest episode with multiple custom social posts. Schedule custom marketing to go out on different dates and times with unique copy and images. The Social Destinations Calendar makes it easy and keeps you planning ahead. Create a Launch-Worthy Podcast Player & Website Connect with your fans through a cohesive podcast brand everywhere. Customize everything — media players, a podcast website, and show and episode artwork with Design with Canva. From getting started to stardom your podcast will look its best. Audio & Video Podcast Hosting You Can Trust Libsyn hosts audio and video podcasts, and all plans include free custom branded audio and video players. Evolve and test — nothing’s stopping you! Podcasting Resources for All Creators Videos, support articles, our “Start a Podcast” guide, live events, and The Feed (the official Libsyn podcast about podcasting) cover everything from the basics to advanced creator concerns. Start on Libsyn or move to Libsyn and our team will help you achieve podcasting success. Start a Podcast under $100 The Feed: The Official Libsyn Podcast How to Start a Podcast Enterprise Podcasting When You Need More Ideal for corporations, public personalities, networks and brands, LibsynPro provides superior management, security, and customization options. Create a private podcast or a podcast app to engage customers, fans, and mobile workforces. Learn More Pay by storage, not by audience with our unlimited reach Podcast Plans. GET STARTED Frequently Asked Questions What is a podcast? A podcast is the medium of the future. Eighty million Americans (28% of the U.S. 12+ population) listen to podcasts weekly with the most diverse audience ever while driving, cleaning, working out or relaxing. These numbers have only increased for the past decade. What is podcast hosting Choose your podcast host for ease and execution — and price. The best podcast hosting platform will offer you turn-key publishing, world-wide distribution, promotion and monetization. They will make it super easy to grow and make money from your podcast. Libsyn offers all this and caters to the independent podcaster who wants complete control over how their show is presented to the world. How do you pick a podcast host? Our hosting plans are not based on how many downloads your show gets in a month, but on how much new content is loaded to your account every month. You don’t have to worry about surprise charges or rate increases if your episode downloads and audience grows. How do podcasts make money? Any podcast can make money offering top listeners exclusive content via a Libsyn subscription service. Members get access to special features, like guest interviews, training, archives and more. When a podcast has enough downloads to attract advertisers on a platform like the Libsyn AdvetiseCast Marketplace, the host can then earn money by offering host-read or programmatic ads. START ON LIBSYN MOVE TO LIBSYN © Copyright 2024 – Liberated Syndication (Libsyn) Company About Investor Relations Careers Press Kit Contact Community Our Blog The Feed Testimonials Education, Events and Webinars Directory Support System Status Libsyn Support Legal Privacy Policy Help Center Follow Us Facebook Instagram X.com LinkedIn YouTube