HelpGuide.org Get Help About Us About Us Meet Our Team Our Story Jeanne Segal, Ph.D. Advisory Council Resources Harvard Health Partnership Audio Meditations Newsletter Contact Us When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.Donate Mental Health Mental Health ADHD Addiction Anxiety Bipolar Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Grief & Loss Personality Disorders PTSD & Trauma Schizophrenia Stress Suicide Therapy & Medication Featured How to Stop Worrying Self-help strategies for anxiety relief 17 mins Are You Feeling Suicidal? How to deal with suicidal thoughts and feelings 10 mins Health & Wellness Health & Wellness Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Sleep Stress Well-being & Happiness Pets Weight Loss Work & Career Illness & Disability Heart Health Cancer Featured Stress Management How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress 15 mins Insomnia The causes of insomnia, and what to do when you can’t sleep 16 mins Children & Family Children & Family Autism Childhood Issues Learning Disabilities Family Caregiving Parenting Teen Issues Featured ADHD in Children Signs and symptoms of Attention Deficit Disorder 12 mins Caregiver Stress and Burnout Tips for regaining your energy, optimism, and hope 14 mins Relationships Relationships Communication Emotional Intelligence Love & Friendship Domestic Abuse Featured Setting Healthy Boundaries in Relationships Strengthen your connections and improve your self-esteem 14 mins Improving Emotional Intelligence (EQ) Boost your emotional intelligence to help you be happy and successful 10 mins Aging Well Aging Well Healthy Aging Aging Issues Alzheimer’s Disease & Dementia Senior Housing Family Caregiving End of Life Featured Depression in Older Adults Recognizing the signs and getting the right treatment 17 mins Aging Well Tips to staying healthy as you get older 13 mins Meditation Meditation Featured Body Scan Meditation Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling. Coping with Uncertainty Meditation Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help. Mindful Breathing Meditation Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm. Sleep Meditation Using Guided Imagery Harness the power of your imagination to relax your body and mind and get to sleep. Handbook Handbook Featured 6 Best Hearing Aids in 2023 Out of 27 Expert Tested Looking for the best-rated hearing aids but aren’t sure where to start? The Best Medical Alert Systems Chosen by Our Testers We tested 23 of the top medical alert systems to find the best brands and devices available today. 7 Best Online Therapy Platforms We Tried and Tested This Year We spent over 7,500 hours researching and testing online therapy sites to curate the top choices. Best Mattresses of 2024 Chosen by Our Expert Testers We spoke with sleep experts, talked to mattress users, and tested mattresses to bring you our top eight picks. English Español When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to go to the desired page. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. Your Guide to Mental Health and Wellness Mental Health Health & Wellness Children & Family Relationships Aging Well Meditation About Us Handbook English Español Mental Health Helplines Are you or someone you know in crisis? View Worldwide Helplines Return Mental Health ADHD Addiction Anxiety Bipolar Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Grief & Loss Personality Disorders PTSD & Trauma Schizophrenia Stress Suicide Therapy & Medication Return Health & Wellness Exercise & Fitness Healthy Eating Sleep Stress Well-being & Happiness Pets Weight Loss Work & Career Illness & Disability Heart Health Cancer Return Children & Family Autism Childhood Issues Learning Disabilities Family Caregiving Parenting Teen Issues Return Relationships Communication Emotional Intelligence Love & Friendship Domestic Abuse Return Aging Well Healthy Aging Aging Issues Alzheimer’s Disease & Dementia Senior Housing Family Caregiving End of Life Return About Us About Us Meet Our Team Our Story Your trusted guide to mental health & wellness Start improving your mental health and well-being today. HelpGuide.org shows you how. Learn more Our Mission We empower you with the knowledge and skills you need to strengthen your mental health & well-being Guidance you can trust Find trustworthy information about mental health and wellness that you can use to make better decisions. Skills for life success Build skills to manage your emotions, strengthen your relationships, and cope with difficult situations. Strategies to feel better Learn how to improve your mental health and well-being—and help your friends and family do the same. Support you can rely on As a free online resource, we’re here for you, day or night, whenever you need guidance, encouragement, or support. Recognized as a transparent and trustworthy nonprofit provider of quality health information Guidestar Platinum Transparency 2023 HONcode standard for trustworthy health information Great Nonprofits 2022 Top Rated Featuring content created exclusively with Harvard Health Explore exclusive content from Harvard Health Publishing, the consumer health publishing division of Harvard Medical School. Learn more Find the help you need today Pick a topic below that you’d like to explore: Anxiety Depression Stress PTSD & Trauma Sleep ADHD Bipolar Disorder Suicide Emotional Intelligence Addiction Featured Editor’s Picks Anxiety Agoraphobia Coping tips if you fear and avoid situations that may cause anxiety or panic 19 mins Personality Disorders Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) A guide to symptoms, treatment and recovery for BPD 20 mins Anxiety Cutting and Self-Harm How to feel better without hurting yourself 12 mins PTSD & Trauma Recovering from Rape and Sexual Trauma Tips to regain your sense of control, rebuild your self-worth, and heal 15 mins ADHD ADHD in Adults Recognizing the signs and symptoms, and what you can do about it 13 mins Anxiety See All Anxiety How to Stop Worrying Self-help strategies for anxiety relief 17 mins Anxiety Panic Attacks and Panic Disorder Symptoms, treatment, and tips for overcoming panic 15 mins Anxiety Social Anxiety Disorder Symptoms, treatment, and self-help tips for social phobia 14 mins Addiction See All Addiction How to Stop Self-Medicating Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Find healthier ways to change how you feel 17 mins Family Caregiving How to Help Someone with Mental Illness Accept Treatment Proven ways to help your loved one accept the treatment they need 11 mins Addiction Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse Recognizing the signs and symptoms of a drinking problem 13 mins Stress See All Stress Stress Management How to reduce, prevent, and relieve stress 15 mins Stress Coping with Financial Stress Tips on dealing with money worries 15 mins Stress Burnout Prevention and Treatment Techniques for dealing with overwhelming stress 12 mins About Us The story of Morgan Leslie Segal HelpGuide.org is dedicated to Morgan Leslie Segal, whose tragic suicide might have been prevented if she had access to better information and guidance. Learn more Help us help others Millions of readers rely on HelpGuide.org for free, evidence-based resources to understand and navigate mental health challenges. Please donate today to help us save, support, and change lives. Donate to HelpGuide.org today Join Our Newsletter Get mental health tips and insights delivered to your inbox every other week. Email Featured Meditation See All Body Scan Meditation Cultivate your ability to be mindful and tuned in to what you’re feeling. Coping with Uncertainty Meditation Feeling anxious about the future? This mindfulness meditation can help. Gratitude in Difficult Times Change your perspective and fight negativity by practicing gratitude. Mindful Breathing Meditation Harness the power of your breath to ground yourself and regain inner calm. How HelpGuide.org changes lives “I don't know how to explain the change this site has made in my life literally overnight. I forgot what makes me happy. I forgot who I once was. Your site has guided me to hope and a plan.” From New York “I was scared to talk to anyone because they would judge me, but every question I wanted to ask was answered on your website. My mind’s clear now and I’ve realized it’s not just my health I’m jeopardizing, but also the people I love. I’m a better man thanks to you.” From the U.K. “This website is an incredible source of knowledge and comfort for me. I'm going through one of the hardest times of my life mentally, and you have made me feel less alone.” From Canada “Just wanted to express my appreciation for developing this great resource. It has been very beneficial to me as I battle alcoholism and depression and gave me a lot of good coping techniques to win my battles and control my urges.” From New Jersey “I have been having moderate depressive and anxiety episodes and have used the many wonderful, insightful, and well-researched guides on this site to get through this tough time. . . Truly, I think HelpGuide has saved my life and I cannot thank you all enough.” From Pennsylvania HelpGuide.org's Professional Advisory Council We’re guided by leading experts in mental health and wellness Meet Our Advisors Michael Craig Miller, M.D. Assistant Professor of Psychiatry, Harvard Medical School & former Editor in Chief, Harvard Health Ted Hutman, Ph.D. Psychologist and assistant professor in Psychiatry at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA Fernando Torres-Gil, Ph.D. Professor of Social Welfare and Public Policy, UCLA Luskin School of Public Affairs Marti Glenn, Ph.D. Clinical-Director of Ryzio Institute and founding president of Santa Barbara Graduate Institute Anna Glezer, M.D. Psychiatrist specializing in women's wellness, University of California, San Francisco Laura Trejo, MSG, MPA Executive Director for Aging and Community Services, Los Angeles County WDACS HelpGuide Handbook Your guide to products and services that can help you live your healthiest life—backed by research and hands-on testing. Visit Handbook 7 Best Hearing Aids in 2024 Out of 27 Expert Tested We tested 27 hearing aids and found the 7 best hearing aids that we recommend and are also audiologist-approved. 7 Best Online Therapy Platforms We Tried and Tested This Year Our Handbook Team signed up for online therapy to test and curate the top choices. We spent over 7,500 hours researching online therapy sites. Find out which ones we liked best—and which we don’t recommend. The Best Medical Alert Systems Chosen by Our Testers We tested 23 of the top medical alert systems to find the best brands and devices available today. Top 7 Best Weight Loss Programs of 2024 Losing weight can be a struggle, but finding a reputable weight loss program can help by providing education, support, and accountability. Read our review for a rundown of the most effective programs to help you lose weight and improve your health for good. Topics A-Z Addiction ADHD Aging Issues Alzheimer’s Disease & Dementia Anxiety Autism Bipolar Disorder Cancer Childhood Issues Communication Depression Domestic Abuse Eating Disorders Emotional Intelligence End of Life Exercise & Fitness Family Caregiving Grief & Loss Harvard Health Healthy Aging Healthy Eating Heart Health Illness & Disability Learning Disabilities Love & Friendship Meditation Parenting Personality Disorders Pets PTSD & Trauma Schizophrenia Senior Housing Sleep Stress Suicide Teen Issues Therapy & Medication Weight Loss Well-being & Happiness Work & Career About Us Meet Our Team Our Story Advisory Council Resources Harvard Health Meditation Newsletter Get In Touch Contact Us 515 S Flower St Ste 1800 Los Angeles CA 90071 Join Our Newsletter Mental health and wellness tips, our latest guides, resources, and more. Email Mental Health Helplines Are you or someone you know in crisis? Find helplines and other resources around the world. Get Help ©1999-2024 HelpGuide.org All rights reserved. HELPGUIDE.ORG INTERNATIONAL is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization (ID #45-4510670). Our content does not constitute a medical or psychological consultation. See a certified medical or mental health professional for diagnosis. Learn more. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Affiliate Policy