Extension Foundation – A Partner to Cooperative Extension News About Purpose, Values and Operating Principles Team & Board of Directors Find Cooperative Extension in Your State List of Common Extension Acronyms Advocacy Toolkit Accessibility Statement Careers Terms of Use Video Conferencing and Virtual Events Policy Privacy Policy Member Services Current Members Professional Development Leadership and Team Development Campus Catalog Delivering Online Courses Campus Procedures Terms of Use – Special Circumstances Member Solutions Video Resource Library National Programs and Services 22007 Outreach Support Program EXCITE FADI-EDEN Impact Collaborative National Program Action Teams NextGen Technical Advising New Technologies for Ag Extension Pesticide Safety Education Funds Management Program AgriProspects Workforce Development Network Tools Getting Started with the Extension Foundation Acknowledgement Of Extension Foundation Free Tools Ask Extension ExtensionBot National Registry Of Cooperative Extension Programs & Assets Connect National Cooperative Extension Projects Search Extension Publications 2023 NTAE Yearbook Contact Menu Menu The Extension Foundation helps U.S. Cooperative Extension make a more visible, measurable, impact on local issues. Cooperative Extension is a national network of 35,000 professionals from 112 Universities with presence in every county, borough, parish, and territory that empower communities of all types and sizes through educational programs, resources, and research-based information to help realize their potential and improve quality of life.The Extension Foundation’s goal is to increase system capacity, and support Extension programs in scaling and investigating new methods and models for implementation. The Extension Foundation helps U.S. Cooperative Extension make a more visible, measurable, impact on local issues. Cooperative Extension is a national network of 35,000 professionals from 112 Universities with presence in every county, borough, parish, and territory that empower communities of all types and sizes through educational programs, resources, and research-based information to help realize their potential and improve quality of life. The Extension Foundation’s goal is to increase system capacity, and support Extension programs in scaling and investigating new methods and models for implementation. PreviousNext A Partner to Cooperative Extension The Extension Foundation was formed in 2006 by Extension Directors and Administrators. Today, the Foundation partners with Cooperative Extension through liaison roles and a formal plan of work with the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP) to increase system capacity while providing programmatic services, and helping Extension programs scale and investigate new methods and models for implementing programs. The Foundation provides professional development to Cooperative Extension professionals and offers exclusive services to its members. About Cooperative Extension All universities engage in research and teaching, but the nation’s 112 Land-grant Universities and Colleges, including Historically Black Land-grant Universities and Tribal Colleges, have a third critical mission—Extension. “Extension” means reaching out and extending university research and resources to meet public needs through non-formal educational programs at the community level. The Cooperative Extension System (CES) engages people in these opportunities to help them solve problems, develop skills, and build a better future where they live and work. With thousands of university and county-based Extension employees and over 2 million volunteers, CES crosses every state and U.S. territory. Find Extension Programs Across the Nation. Cooperative Extension Professional? Use our tool to get familiar with the Extension Foundation and it’s tools, programs, and services. Get StartedMembership Membership in the Extension Foundation is available to all Land-grant institutions. Membership grants access to our Member Services including Professional Development and Leadership Development, and supports the work we do in all of our programs. current membersTools ASK Extension Registry Connect Search Campus National Programs and Services New Technologies for Ag Extension (NTAE)Pesticide Safety Education Funds Management Program (PSEFMP)EXCITENextGenImpact CollaborativeFADI-EDENAgriProspects Workforce Development Network22007 Outreach Support Program The New Technologies for Agricultural Extension (NTAE) New Technologies for Ag Extension (NTAE) is a grant from USDA-NIFA in partnership with Oklahoma State University is in its fourth year beginning on September 1st, 2022 (grant no. 2020-41595-30123). The Foundation is supporting competitively selected Extension programs aligned with USDA and Extension Committe on Organization and Policy (ECOP) strategic goals/priority program areas. Programs receive funding and support from the Extension Foundation for one full year. This program serves all Land-Grant Universities in the United States. Additionally, this program funds national tools for Cooperative Extension such as Ask Extension and Connect Extension. Grant-funded projects utilize an external and impartial review process for applications learn More Pesticide Safety Education Funds Management Program (PSEFMP) The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has awarded a cooperative agreement to the Extension Foundation (EXF) to administer a national subaward program supporting Pesticide Safety Education Programs (PSEPs). The new project, titled “Empowered Up: A Comprehensive PSEFMP Promoting Efficiency & Environmental Justice,” will receive up to $15 million over five years. It will build upon a previous PSEP subaward program, also managed by EXF, which concluded in July 2023. Learn More Extension Collaborative on Immunizaion Teaching and Engagement (EXCITE) The Extension Foundation, in cooperation with the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP), through an Interagency Agreement (IAA) with the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) are funding the Cooperative Extension System (CES) to address health disparities among rural and other underserved communities. (AWARD NO: 2021-77041-34831) The Extension network as a trusted leader in communities across the nation is a key factor in the selection of Extension as a CDC partner. On behalf of the Cooperative Extension System and in collaboration with ECOP, the Extension Foundation serves as Principal Investigator; provides grants administration; fiscal, operational, and technological services; system-wide communication; innovation processes; wrap-around services for projects; data collection and dashboards; and partnership development. Grant-funded projects utilize an external and impartial review process for applications. learn More NextGen Technical Advising Services The Extension Foundation has entered into an agreement with USDA-NIFA as the Technical Service Provider for the From Learning to Leading: Cultivating the Next Generation of Diverse Food and Agriculture Professionals (NEXTGEN) funding opportunity. All eligible institutions may utilize Extension Foundation services. Membership in the Extension Foundation is not required to participate. There is no cost in using the Extension Foundation’s technical services. learn More Impact Collaborative The Impact Collaborative is home to a national network of Land-grant university professionals led by the Extension Foundation to empower individuals and the communities they serve to cocreate solutions through Extension programming that have greater sustainability with the goal of making a greater impact locally. The Impact Collaborative was developed in partnership with the Cooperative Extension System since 2014 and continues to evolve to meet the needs of Extension professionals nationally. It is guided by the expressed needs of Cooperative Extension professionals. Since 2018, this has included developing a skills curriculum to help participants think about program development in new ways, and training hundreds of Extension professionals in this curriculum to serve as resources in their local communities, county Extension offices, and in their state Extension system. In addition, the Impact Collaborative has led dozens of national events aimed at equipping Extension professionals and their partners with new skills, resources, knowledge, and tools to help enhance program development, pilot, and implementation efforts. Learn More FADI-EDEN The Extension Disaster Education Network (EDEN) is a collaborative network of Cooperative Extension educators across the United States and territories who work to improve the delivery of education and information, and the availability of resources related to disaster preparedness, response, and recovery. Historically, this grassroots network has been aligned with the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP) and supported by USDA-National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) through the Food and Agricultural Defense Initiative (FADI) grant. The Extension Foundation in partnership with Washington State University, Iowa State University, and the Cooperative Extension System, will support the administration of the FADI-EDEN project. The Extension Foundation assists in aligning system-wide formal work to increase system capacity while providing programmatic services. This partnership will help Extension programs scale and investigate new program implementation methods and models. Learn More AgriProspects Workforce Development Network The ECOP Economic & Workforce Development Program Action Team in collaboration with the NECIW National Working Group (NWG) and Extension Foundation (EXF) will collaborate with NIFA staff to form a robust network of public and private entities across every U.S. region to build the nation’s capacity to respond to the changing needs in the food and agriculture sector. The primary audience for this project, “will be Cooperative Extension practitioners, workforce intermediaries, and the participants they serve. Intermediaries such as the US Department of Labor, American Jobs Center, industry partners, state and local workforce agencies, and vendors like Eduworks, AgCareers, and EBSCO amongst others are critical partners for this project. The intermediary’s role is to “bridge” the timing and information gap and align employee preparation and training to employer needs, thereby creating the optimal connection between the demand and supply sides of the world of work, ultimately serving as the direct connection to job seekers. Learn More 22007 Outreach Support Program The Extension Foundation was selected by USDA to serve as one of its vendors for Section 22007 of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) to solicit applications from eligible applicants pre-selected by USDA and assigned to the Extension Foundation, provide technical assistance, and make decisions on applications based upon USDA guidance. Section 22007 of the IRA directs USDA to provide financial assistance to producers who have experienced discrimination in USDA’s farm lending programs. To implement this legislative directive, USDA established the Discrimination Financial Assistance Program. This program gives USDA the ability to provide financial assistance for farmers, ranchers, or forest landowners determined to have experienced discrimination in USDA’s farm lending programs prior to January 1, 2021. Learn More Recent Impacts Served 72 Extension programs and leaders through New Technologies for Ag Extension (NTAE) Projects since 2019 including all Regional Rural Development Centers; $175K directly to ECOP Program Action Teams, $645K to competitively selected projects; unleashed new funding, expanded resources and partnerships–returned projects to institutions stronger and ready to deepen community impact. New Technologies for Ag ExtensionCooperative Agreement with USDA-NIFA In Partnership with Oklahoma State University Scaled adoption of remote work training program; expanded program from 1 to 10 states–empowering more communities across rural America through remote work. Remote Online InitiativeUtah State UniversityServed Through New Technologies for Ag Extension Supported scaling of the Juntos 4-H program by 30 percent; expanded sustainability through leadership capacity, partner investment, development of podcasts, a bilingual fieldbook and a qualitative community-centered evaluation tool; enhanced national program resources and standardized practices across state Juntos programs. Juntos ProgramNorth Carolina State University Served Through New Technologies for Ag Extension Delivered unique Market Research initiative including a telephone survey of 400 NH residents; results informed team on current awareness of UNH outreach and future interest in an Engagement Hub–the data steers branding and targeted marketing to reach more NH citizens. Online Engagement HubUniversity of New HampshireServed Through New Technologies for Ag Extension Allied with Extension Committee on Organization and Policy, CDC, and USDA-NIFA for $X interagency agreement—Foundation provides solutions to the programmatic needs for 105 projects; seamlessly delivered 95% of funding to the Cooperative Extension System–enabled critical adult immunization education outreach through 76 LGUs for underserved populations reaching over 15 million individuals, and forming over 400 new local partnerships. Extension Collaborative on Immunization Teaching & Education (EXCITE)In Partnership with the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture $185M in funding proposals submitted in 2022 on behalf of ECOP Program Action Teams; special focus on Climate, Urban Extension, and Workforce Development; improves alignment with strategic partners and national priorities. Extension Foundation and the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP) Delivered $5M in EPA funding to 53 Land-grant universities to support Pesticide Safety Education Programs over 5 years; average award $19K per program each year; increases capacity for Extension Pesticide Safety Education Programs to support safe application of pesticides in 53 states and territories. Pesticide Safety Education Funds Management ProgramCooperative Agreement with Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Latest News March 2, 2024/by Aaron WeibeVacancy Announcement Executive Director, Association of Southern Region Extension Directors (ASRED)February 27, 2024/by mpugsleyCelebrating Black History in Agriculture & Extension: Stories from the FieldFebruary 20, 2024/by Rose Hayden-SmithEmpower Your Team with the Healthy Teams Handbook: Build and Maintain High-Performing CollaborationsFebruary 14, 2024/by mpugsleyEmpowering Latino Families: The Journey of ¡Salir Adelante! Pathways for Our Future – Join Our Webinar to Learn More! SEE ALL NEWS Latest Publication All 1 /Publications 1 Healthy Teams Handbook SEE ALL PUBLICATIONS Extension Foundation has been recognized as one of the Top Impact Companies for the Real Leaders Impact Awards! “In its sixth year, Real Leaders®, a Global Media, CEO network, and Certified B Corp, dedicated to inspiring the future of business, is thrilled to announce the 2024 Top Impact Companies. With over 500 applications from 15+ countries, the awards ranked privately-owned companies by asking 30 questions within 6 categories of I.M.P.A.C.T (Intention, Model, People, Accountability, Collaboration, and Transformation) to vet and rank companies based on those parameters…” Learn More Our mission is to help Cooperative Extension generate a more visible, measurable, local impact. We achieve this through our nationally funded programs made possible by member dollars and cooperative agreements with federal agencies, and through partnering on state, regional, and national initiatives with Cooperative Extension and the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP). We serve all Land Grant Universities, regardless of membership status. Terms of Use The Extension Foundation is a nonprofit established by Extension Directors and Administrators nationwide. Extension Foundation is embedded in the U.S. Cooperative Extension System and serves on Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP). This website is supported in part by New Technologies for Ag Extension (funding opportunity no. USDA-NIFA-OP-010186), grant no. 2023-41595-41325 from the USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture. Any opinions, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this publication are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the view of the U.S. Department of Agriculture or the Extension Foundation. Sign up for our Newsletter Stay up to date with the Extension Foundation. Subscribe © 2022 Extension Foundation. All rights reserved. FacebookTwitterLinkedInSoundcloud Scroll to top