Home - Modernist Cuisine Books Modernist Bread at Home Food & Drink: Modernist Cuisine Photography Modernist Pizza Modernist Bread Modernist Cuisine Modernist Cuisine at Home The Photography of Modernist Cuisine Recipes Gallery Products Press Press Resources News & Events Notable Press Industry Acclaim Awards Press Archive Blog About About Modernist Cuisine Nathan Myhrvold Contact Search Menu Books Modernist Bread at Home Food & Drink: Modernist Cuisine Photography Modernist Pizza Modernist Bread Modernist Cuisine Modernist Cuisine at Home The Photography of Modernist Cuisine Podcast Gallery Products Modernist Cuisine Press Press Resources News & Events Notable Press Industry Acclaim Awards Press Archive Blog Blog Recipes About About Modernist Cuisine Nathan Myhrvold Contact Search Your Guide to Making Bread at Home We poured through everything we learned about bread and distilled all that wisdom down into an essential, single-volume guide to making bread at home. Filled with innovative techniques, delicious recipes, and time-saving tips, Modernist Bread at Home has been thoughtfully tailored to the needs of home bakers so that you can get great results in your kitchen, regardless of how much experience or time you have. Learn More Continue Choosing the Right Wheat Flour for the Job February 29, 2024 Flour is the fundamental building block of bread and pizza dough. At its most basic, flour is just pulverized grain. Recent research suggests that it may have been used for food since the Paleolithic Period! Flour is an ingredient far more complex than it may appear, made up of starch, protein, water, fats, and enzymes. […] Essential Baking Gear for Making Bread at Home February 27, 2024 Welcome to our guide for essential tools for the home baker. Equipping yourself with the right tools is key to a successful baking experience. Our comprehensive guide below outlines our top essentials, explains their importance, provides tips on what to consider when shopping for them, and suggests recommended sources. Additionally, we’ll touch on some helpful […] Modernist Cuisine Bread School – Coming Soon February 21, 2024 We’ve been secretly kneading something special for you the past few months. To celebrate the release of Modernist Bread at Home, we are excited to offer you free bread school courses delivered straight to your inbox. Meet the Modernist Cuisine Bread School—your gateway to mastering the art of bread making from the comfort of your […] In the News New Day NW Icy beauty: Renowned photographer captures the elusive beauty of a snowflake. KHOU*11 Scientist, chef, photographer and inventor Nathan Myhrvold Tasting Table Why You Shouldn’t Resist Charred Pizza Crust, According To An Expert The Creative Factor Nathan Myhrvold: How to Look at the Familiar in an Unfamiliar Way Digital Camera World How I use my unique camera rigs to take spectacular aurora images The Martha Stewart Podcast Master of All Trades Nathan Myhrvold All News RayedBandsoverKlfafellsstadur_3EyesoftheBeholder_3SunriseThroughtheIce_1WhattheTideBroughtIn_1TheChurchatBuir_4HeartoftheGlacier_51 Discover the Iceland Series Modernist Cuisine Gallery by Nathan Myhrvold is proud to announce the release of his highly anticipated Iceland Collection Series. As we move into the winter season there is truly no better time to release these 22 breathtaking photographs. The series showcases the ethereal allure of the northern lights and the rugged beauty of Iceland. Learn More Modernist Recipes Caramelized Inclusions with a Pressure Cooker or Instant Pot It’s no secret that we love pressure cookers and Instant Pots. Most of us have heard gruesome tales of exploding pressure cookers that discouraged would-be users of the device from cooking with one. Older versions of the pressure cooker were simply not as safe as those produced today, which was mainly due to malfunctioning release […] Classic Deep-Dish Pizza Classic deep-dish pizza is pretty different from the rest of the pizzas in this book. Although it has a thin crust, the weight of the toppings far exceeds the amounts used on other pizza styles. And while Chicago is famous for its deep-dish pizza, it’s not the only place that has something like it. Both […] Deep-Dish Pizza Dough We discuss our deep-dish pizza dough near our thin-crust pizza doughs for a reason. It turns out that the “deep” part of deep-dish pizza consists mostly of the copious toppings, while the dough itself is pretty thin. As with our Thin-Crust Pizza Dough, this dough includes a bit of cornmeal, characteristic of the deep-dish pizzas […] Modernist Bread at Home Created by the same team behind the James Beard award-winning Modernist Bread, Modernist Bread at Home helps home bakers fit bread making back into their weekly routine. This 420-page essential volume compiles practical techniques, foundational recipes, time-saving tips, and scientific insights—all the result of hundreds of experiments—which have been updated and tailored specifically to the needs of home bakers. Learn More Food & Drink Food & Drink: Modernist Cuisine Photography features a fresh collection of mouthwatering images from photographer Nathan Myhrvold and the Modernist Cuisine team. It captures the stunning details of the foods and drinks we love from a surprising, playful perspective—it’s a visual feast served up in a gorgeous coffee-table book. Learn More Modernist Pizza Modernist Pizza explores the science, history, equipment, techniques, and people that have made pizza one of the world’s most popular foods. Spanning over 1,700 pages, the multivolume set is much more than a cookbook: it’s an indispensable resource for anyone who loves pizza. Learn More Modernist Bread Modernist Bread places the latest scientific research and state-of-the-art applications into the hands of anyone searching for answers about bread making. Spanning over 2,600 pages, it is the largest, most comprehensive book ever written about bread. Learn More Modernist Cuisine The book that started a revolution. At 2,438 pages, Modernist Cuisine: The Art and Science of Cooking broke the rules for what a cookbook can be; it quickly became an instant classic and a trusted resource for top chefs around the world. Learn More Modernist Cuisine at Home Modernist Cuisine at Home opens up a new world of culinary possibility for home cooks. Filled with helpful scientific insights, and mouthwatering recipes, this 456-page volume makes it easy to bring dining of the highest quality to your own dinner table. Learn More The Photography of Modernist Cuisine The Photography of Modernist Cuisine is a feast for the eyes. This massive and stunning art book features 312 pages of incredible photographs from Nathan Myhrvold and his photography team as well as the techniques and stories behind the images. Learn More “Nathan gave it (the movement) a name and I think it was the perfect name. I’m in admiration of what he did. I think this is fantastic.” Daniel Boulud “The cookbook to end all cookbooks.” David Chang “This book will change the way we understand the kitchen.” Ferran Adrià Who We Are Modernist Cuisine is an interdisciplinary team in Bellevue, Washington, founded and led by Nathan Myhrvold. The group includes scientists, research and development chefs, and a full editorial department—all dedicated to advancing the state of culinary art through the creative application of scientific knowledge and experimental techniques. Learn More Stay in touch Sign up to stay up-to-date with everything Modernist Cuisine. Sign Up Books Modernist Bread at Home Food & Drink: Modernist Cuisine Photography Modernist Pizza Modernist Bread Modernist Cuisine Modernist Cuisine at Home The Photography of Modernist Cuisine Modernist Cuisine About Products Gallery Recipes Get in Touch News & Events Blog Contact Press Resources Distribution Information Instagram Twitter Facebook © Copyright 2024 Modernist Cuisine Privacy Policy Website by Cima Creative & Red Leaf Interactive We use cookies on this website to enhance your browser experience and to analyze your traffic. To learn more about cookies and how we use them view our cookie policy. By continuing to use our website you consent to the use of cookies. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT