Home - Colour Blind Awareness Skip to main content search Menu Home About Colour Blindness Causes of Colour Blindness Acquired Colour Vision Defects Inherited Colour Vision Deficiency Real Family Tree Colour Blindness: Experience it Diagnosis Living with Colour Vision Deficiency Art Clothes and make-up Food Gardening How can I save the planet when I can’t tell green from brown? Sport Careers and the workplace Treatment Types of Colour Blindness Families Colour Blind Kids Early Symptoms What to do next Where to get a diagnosis Education Pre-School & Primary School Secondary School & Higher Education Services for Schools Special Educational Needs Resources Business Property industry (case study) Retailers Sport Guidance Documents for Football Players Coaching, Kit and Equipment Media, Marketing & Commercial Stadia and Grounds – Wayfinding/Security Solutions and Services for Sport About Us Campaigns #1inEveryClassroom campaign Colour Blind Awareness Day Just One Thing #PrimaryColours Contact Us Donate Online Shop Checkout Press search twitter facebook Hit enter to search or ESC to close Close Search A Decrease font size. A Reset font size. A Increase font size. Home Welcome to Colour Blind Awareness We are a non-profit organisation and although we are based in the UK we offer help and advice worldwide. Fundamental to the support we provide to colour blind people is our commitment to ensure the needs of colour blind children are not overlooked. Our website includes specific sections for families and guidance for those working in the education sector, providing resources such as factsheets, videos and training for teachers and schools. In sport we are world leaders. We created the first ever guidance for colour blindness in any sport for UEFA /the English Football Association in 2017. We also worked closely with World Rugby to deliver their guidance on colour blindness in 2021. We advise and provide guidance for the regulation of stadium safety and security, including undertaking audits of many of the most high profile stadiums throughout Europe. We are also a founding partner of the EU Sport funded project, Tackling Colour Blindness in Sport (TACBIS), established to confirm the prevalence of colour blindness in football players at different levels of the game, identify barriers to progression and inform future policies. For businesses and professionals committed to social responsibility and inclusion for their employees and customers, we offer consultancy advice across numerous different sectors. See our Business section for more information… Normal Vision Protanopia Tritanopia Deuteranopia In 2015 we launched Colour Blind Awareness Day which is now recognised around the world every year on 6th September. Our other Campaigns include #1inEveryClassroom which we run regularly to ensure colour blind children in school are not forgotten. Throughout our website you can find many examples of the everyday challenges faced by people living with colour blindness with lots of simulated images. You will also be able to discover advice, support and resources covering many different sectors. If you are colour blind you might want to visit our social media accounts, especially Twitter, where we have an active community of colour blind people keen to share their experiences, seeking advice and support or just wanting to sound off about the latest challenge they have faced! Follow @colourblindorg Find us on Facebook What is Colour Blindness? What is colour blindness? Colour (color) blindness (colour vision deficiency, or CVD) affects approximately 1 in 12 men (8%) and 1 in 200 women in the world. In Britain this means that there are approximately 3 million colour blind people (about 4.5% of the entire population), most of whom are male. Worldwide, there are approximately 300 million people … [Read More…] Causes of Colour Blindness Colour blindness is a usually a genetic (hereditary) condition (you are born with it). Red/green and blue colour blindness is usually passed down from your parents. The gene which is responsible for the condition is carried on the X chromosome and this is the reason why many more men are affected than women. The inheritance process is explained in more … [Read More…] Colour Blindness and Sport Our aim is to help individuals, clubs, businesses and federations alike make their sport more inclusive for people with colour blindness. Most people involved in sport, from local clubs to national squads, from players to referees, from children to pensioners, have a passion for what they do – so why not make sure that passion can be shared fully with the … [Read More…] © 2024 Colour Blind Awareness. · All Rights ReservedLegal Terms and Conditions twitterfacebook Close Menu Home About Colour Blindness Causes of Colour Blindness Acquired Colour Vision Defects Inherited Colour Vision Deficiency Real Family Tree Colour Blindness: Experience it Diagnosis Living with Colour Vision Deficiency Art Clothes and make-up Food Gardening How can I save the planet when I can’t tell green from brown? Sport Careers and the workplace Treatment Types of Colour Blindness Families Colour Blind Kids Early Symptoms What to do next Where to get a diagnosis Education Pre-School & Primary School Secondary School & Higher Education Services for Schools Special Educational Needs Resources Business Property industry (case study) Retailers Sport Guidance Documents for Football Players Coaching, Kit and Equipment Media, Marketing & Commercial Stadia and Grounds – Wayfinding/Security Solutions and Services for Sport About Us Campaigns #1inEveryClassroom campaign Colour Blind Awareness Day Just One Thing #PrimaryColours Contact Us Donate Online Shop Checkout Press twitter facebook