Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation | Kauffman.org Skip to content Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation | Kauffman.org Stories Kauffman’s Currents features stories and insights that underscore the essential role of education and entrepreneurship in empowering all people to shape their futures, create vibrant communities, and grow an inclusive economy. View All Stories Region's employers, educators supporting workforce development recognized at Real World Learning event February 7, 2024 Kauffman CEO and chief of staff visit the White House to discuss women mentoring women January 24, 2024 JA BizTown is this generation's Exchange City January 3, 2024 Work With Us Our Approach ProgramOur approach is designed to benefit thousands of Black and Latino Kansas Citians by focusing on effective and equitable education and entrepreneurial opportunities for all.Racial Equity, Diversity, & InclusionWe believe all people – regardless of their race, gender, or geography – should have the opportunity to share in America’s prosperity through success in their jobs and careers, as employees or entrepreneurs.EvaluationLearning through measurement and evaluation helps us better support programs that improve education, boost entrepreneurship, and help Kansas City thrive. Conference CenterThe Kauffman Foundation Conference Center is a nationally recognized convening site located adjacent to the Foundation offices in Kansas City. Visit the Conference Center CareersAssociates of the Kauffman Foundation work in partnership with people who share a passion for entrepreneurship and education. Explore Open Positions GrantsAbout Us About UsIt all starts with access to opportunity for people to improve their lives. Our grantmaking, research, programs, and initiatives support the start and growth of new businesses, a more prepared workforce, and stronger communities. Learn More About Us Our CampusOur campus in Kansas City, Missouri, includes the Foundation offices, Conference Center, Memorial Garden, and Legacy Park. Explore Our Campus Our PeopleAs associates at the Kauffman Foundation, we work to provide access to opportunities that help people achieve financial stability, upward mobility, and economic prosperity. Get to Know Us Connect Search: Search More Opportunities,Stronger Communities The Kauffman Foundation helps unlock opportunity for all so that people can achieve financial stability, upward mobility, and economic prosperity – regardless of race, gender, or geography. Learn more about the Kauffman Foundation > Our Work We believe communities are strengthened with a prepared workforce, and new and growing businesses. We can rebuild systems to achieve equity and build trust for sustained and positive change. Our Grants We invest in organizations that help break down barriers to economic success. Explore our Grants Our Stories Get stories, insights, and the uncommon voices of those who are shaping the future, creating vibrant communities, and growing inclusive economies. Read Our Stories Our Approach We champion ideas and support solutions designed to improve education, boost entrepreneurship, and help communities and individuals thrive. Learn About Us Our founderEwing Marion Kauffman was an entrepreneur and humanitarian whose innovative and long-lasting contributions have benefited millions of people in his hometown of Kansas City and beyond.Learn more about Mr. K’s legacy Stay Connected Sign up for our best content straight to your inbox, and join the conversation on our social channels. Sign Up CONTACT US Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 4801 Rockhill Road Kansas City, MO 64110 CAREERS CONFERENCE CENTER REDI REPORTS & BRIEFS SPEAKER INQUIRY Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation | Kauffman.org © Copyright 2024 Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Our Commitment to Ethics Governance & Financials