The Arts Desk | Skip to main content Search form Search tue 05/03/2024 Sections Search today new music opera film classical theatre comedy dance visual arts tv gaming CD/DVDs Books Search form Search reviews features gallery q & a Proms first person we recommend theartsdesk com, first with arts reviews, news and interviews The Art of Fugue, Schiff, Nosrati, Wigmore Hall review - rarity and quality in music and performance Ed Vulliamy Tuesday, 05 March 2024 At the start of his 75-minute pre-concert lecture, the incomparable András Schiff staked quite a claim for the piece he was about to perform: Bach’s The Art of Fugue was, he said... The Duchess of Malfi, Sam Wanamaker Playhouse review - the good end badly, but act best David Nice Tuesday, 05 March 2024 “All discord without this circumference,” the Duchess of Malfi tells the good man she’s just asked to be her husband, “is only to be pitied and not feared”. Perhaps the villains... Miles Jupp, Cambridge Arts Theatre review - life's vicissitudes turned into laughs Veronica Lee Tuesday, 05 March 2024 It takes a talented comic to turn a horrible life experience into comedy, but Miles Jupp is nothing if not talented. Add in a bit of self-depreciation, a smidgen of philosophical... Gerstein, LSO, Rattle, Barbican review - American glitter and sinew David Nice Monday, 04 March 2024 How lucky those of us were who grew up musically with the young Simon Rattle’s highly original programming in the 1980s. He’s still doing it at a time when diminishing resources... theartsdesk on Vinyl 82: Human League, Hawkwind, Roberta Flack, Kid Acne, Photek, Rudimentary Peni and more Thomas H Green Monday, 04 March 2024 VINYL OF THE MONTHMito y Comadre Guajirando (ZZK)Mito y Comadre are Guillermo Lares and Shana Comadre, a Bogota-based pair of Venezuelans whose debut album is produced by... Album: Loreena McKennitt - The Road Back Home Liz Thomson Monday, 04 March 2024 It was one of those truly memorable evenings – a Royal Albert Hall concert by a someone with a long career (and record sales of 14 million), a woman I’d been introduced to only a... The Creation, Alder, Clayton, Mofidian, LPO, Gardner, RFH review - dancing gay in green meadows David Nice Sunday, 03 March 2024 Light and grace must flood the concert hall in Haydn’s The Creation, after a striking-for-its time evocation of Chaos, and... Dune: Part 2 review - sombre space opera Nick Hasted Sunday, 03 March 2024 Dennis Villeneuve’s Dune sequel is a sombre science-fiction spectacle that insists on the scale of cinema: erupting... Faust, LSO, Rattle, Barbican review - violence and wit in Shostakovich, luminosity in Brahms Ed Vulliamy Sunday, 03 March 2024 The LSO’s apéritif hour “Half-Six Fixes” have an informality that usually works and sometimes doesn’t. But the first of this... Music Reissues Weekly: Mark Eric - A Midsummer’s Day Dream Kieron Tyler Sunday, 03 March 2024 In June 1969, The Beach Boys released “Break Away” as a single. A month earlier, they had announced they were leaving... St Matthew Passion, Irish Baroque Orchestra, Whelan, St Patrick’s Cathedral, Dublin review - fluency, fire and some jaw-dropping solos David Nice Saturday, 02 March 2024 After last year’s small-scale, big-impact Messiah in the Wigmore Hall, superlatives are again in order for the IBO’s... Lisa Frankenstein review - a bitchy trawl through the high-school horror movie back catalogue Helen Hawkins Saturday, 02 March 2024 Diablo Cody’s biggest screenwriting hit was 2007’s Juno, a larky but tender story of teenage pregnancy. She’s gone back to... First Person: violinist Tom Greed on breaking down barriers in the presentation of chamber music Tom Greed Saturday, 02 March 2024 For musicians, the period from early 2020 to mid-2021 was one of great reflection, with so many questions to puzzle over.... Classical CDs: Toccatas, taxi horns and tortoises Graham Rickson Saturday, 02 March 2024 William Steinberg: Complete Command Classics Recordings (DG)It’s hard to find a bad word said against conductor... Album: Squarepusher - Dostrotime Joe Muggs Saturday, 02 March 2024 Over the years, Tom “Squarepusher” Jenkinson has covered a lot of ground over three decades, from dank cellar ambience to... Standing at the Sky's Edge, Gillian Lynne Theatre review - heartwarming Sheffield musical arrives in the West End Jane Edwardes Friday, 01 March 2024 Can there be anyone from Sheffield who has not seen Standing at the Sky’s Edge, possibly several times? This is the once... Anna Reid: A Nasty Little War - The West's Fight to Reverse the Russian Revolution review - home truths Hugh Barnes Friday, 01 March 2024 During the Cold War, US presidents often claimed that the West and the Soviet Union had never fought one another directly.... Der fliegende Holländer, Royal Opera review - compellingly lucid with an austere visual beauty Rachel Halliburton Friday, 01 March 2024 The shadow of Nosferatu hangs heavily over Tim Albery’s powerfully austere staging of Wagner’s opera of desire and damnation... Cruel Intentions, The Other Palace review - uneasy vibes, hit tunes and sparkling staging Gary Naylor Friday, 01 March 2024 Transgression was so deliciously enticing. Back in the Eighties when I saw Les Liaisons Dangereuses in the West End on three... Follow @theartsdesk ★★★ LISA FRANKENSTEIN A bitchy trawl through the high-school horror movie back catalogue ★★★★ THE HUMAN BODY, DONMAR WAREHOUSE Keeley Hawes and Jack Davenport excel in an intriguing staging ★★★★ SQUAREPUSHER - DOSTROTIME Chelmsfordian prog-jazz-acid-rave mania ★★★★★ ST MATTHEW PASSION, IBO, WHELAN, DUBLIN Near-perfection in the greatest of works ★★★ RED ISLAND An undemanding study of the post-colonial French ★★★ CRUEL INTENTIONS, THE OTHER PALACE Bad people do bad things, but bangers from Britney and co save the day ★★★★ DER FLIEGENDE HOLLANDER, ROYAL OPERA Lucid with an austere visual beauty disc of the day Album: Loreena McKennitt - The Road Back Home The craic is good in Ontario tv Drive to Survive, Season 6, Netflix review - F1 documentary overtaken by events Real-life dramas in the paddock were too late to make the cut The Way, BBC One review - steeltown blues Michael Sheen's ode to Port Talbot stretches credulity Kin, Series 2, BBC One review - when crime dynasties collide Dublin becomes a war zone in Peter McKenna's addictive drama film Dune: Part 2 review - sombre space opera A timely Sixties sci-fi classic realised with poetic spectacle and grim irony Lisa Frankenstein review - a bitchy trawl through the high-school horror movie back catalogue Diablo Cody delivers a comic but gory pastiche of 1980s pop culture Red Island review - Madagascar miniatures An undemanding study of the post-colonial French new music Album: Loreena McKennitt - The Road Back Home The craic is good in Ontario theartsdesk on Vinyl 82: Human League, Hawkwind, Roberta Flack, Kid Acne, Photek, Rudimentary Peni and more The most extensive regular record reviews in the known cosmos Music Reissues Weekly: Mark Eric - A Midsummer’s Day Dream Flawless but belatedly lauded Beach Boys-style California pop from 1969 classical The Art of Fugue, Schiff, Nosrati, Wigmore Hall review - rarity and quality in music and performance Technical hitches over, the great pianist turns from speech to song Gerstein, LSO, Rattle, Barbican review - American glitter and sinew Giddying sonorites as ever in a new John Adams work, but Roy Harris takes the palm The Creation, Alder, Clayton, Mofidian, LPO, Gardner, RFH review - dancing gay in green meadows Haydn's Genesis pleasure ground gets plenty of bounce and charm opera Der fliegende Holländer, Royal Opera review - compellingly lucid with an austere visual beauty Bryn Terfel's Dutchman is a subtly vampiric figure in this otherworldly interpretation The Magic Flute, English National Opera review - return of an enchanted evening Simon McBurney's dark pantomime casts its spell again Così fan tutte, Welsh National Opera review - relevance reduced to irrelevance School for lovers not much help to the singers theatre The Duchess of Malfi, Sam Wanamaker Playhouse review - the good end badly, but act best Francesca Mills' protagonist is the vivacious, truthful heart of this fascinating production Standing at the Sky's Edge, Gillian Lynne Theatre review - heartwarming Sheffield musical arrives in the West End Olivier Award-winning musical offers a celebration of community and a stirring exploration of a brutalist building's history Cruel Intentions, The Other Palace review - uneasy vibes, hit tunes and sparkling staging Jukebox musical gets toes tapping, but the thrill of transgression ain't what it used to be dance First Person: Ten Years On - Flamenco guitarist Paco Peña pays tribute to his friend, the late, great Paco de Lucía On the 10th anniversary of his death, memories of the prodigious musician who broadened the reach of flamenco into jazz and beyond Dance for Ukraine Gala, London Palladium review - a second rich helping of international dancers Ivan Putrov's latest gala was a satisfying mix of stars and young hopefuls Nelken: A Piece by Pina Bausch, Sadler's Wells review - welcome return for an indelible classic A new generation of gifted performers for us to get to know comedy Miles Jupp, Cambridge Arts Theatre review - life's vicissitudes turned into laughs Finding the funny in medical emergency Andy Parsons, Touring review - reasons to be cheerful... ...Even if the country's falling apart Bill Bailey: Thoughtifier, Brighton Centre review - offbeat adventures with a whirling, erudite mind Bailey's fusion of studied musicality and off-the-wall wordplay remains one-of-a-kind Books Anna Reid: A Nasty Little War - The West's Fight to Reverse the Russian Revolution review - home truths Reid brings to light a war the West has tried its best to forget Tom Chatfield: Wise Animals review - on the changing world A compelling account of how we use technology – and how it uses us Sheila Heti: Alphabetical Diaries review - an A-Z of inner life Heti goes far beyond a gimmick in this work of surprising and moving insight visual arts Sargent and Fashion, Tate Britain review - portraiture as a performance London’s elite posing dressed up to the nines Zineb Sedira: Dreams Have No Titles, Whitechapel Gallery review - a disorientating mix of fact and fiction An exhibition that begs the question 'What and where is home?' Yoko Ono: Music of the Mind, Tate Modern review - a fitting celebration of the early years Acknowledgement as a major avant garde artist comes at 90 Tweets about theartsdesk latest comments The Duchess of Malfi, Sam Wanamaker Playhouse review - the good end badly, but act best Thanks for drawing my attention to the error.... The Duchess of Malfi, Sam Wanamaker Playhouse review - the good end badly, but act best Francesco? Surely it's Antonio? Otherwise, a very... The Taste of Things review - a gentle love letter to haute cuisine Viewed this magnificent film today for the second... Manon Lescaut, English Touring Opera review - a nightmare in too many ways I went to the pre-show talk of Manon Lescaut... The Magic Flute, English National Opera review - return of an enchanted evening Let me note, in the light of Boyd's comment about... The Taste of Things review - a gentle love letter to haute cuisine I was wondering if anyone else better understood... An Oral History of Glastonbury Festival 1992 Thanks, Andrew, your memories are welcome... 'Migrations' String Quartet Weekend, National Concert Hall, Dublin review - memorials and masterpieces Mea culpa - too casually, I confused the two... newsletter Get a weekly digest of our critical highlights in your inbox each Thursday!Simply enter your email address in the box belowView previous newsletters Doormat Navigation See our complete archive Radio Show Contact us privacy and cookies