thetimes-tribune.com Skip to main content Subscribe Log In Manage Account Logout Manage Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Local Weather About Us Staff Contact Us E-Edition News Coronavirus Obituaries Court Notes Crimes & Emergencies Business Education Election Local History State News Health & Science Digital Archives Data Center Weather Pricedout Obituaries Sports Athlete of the Week College Gameface High School Little-league Penn State Penguins Rail Riders Sports Wildlife Varsity570 Opinion Editorials Columnists Chris Kelly Roderick Random John Cole Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Business Stock Market Outlook 2023 Lifestyles Calendar Food and Wine Life Events Times Traveler Crossword/Sudoku Mother's Day Northeast Woman Student Artists Submission Forms In Times of Need Newsletter Comics Puzzles Blogs and Podcasts Borys Politics Blog Cole Cartoons Empty Bottles Health & Fitness Forum High School Sports In Focus In Motion InSites Kelly's World Liquid Penn State Blog Penn Stated Podcast Pet Wise Quills Sounds Take2 Film Blog Trail Mix My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons North Pocono Upvalley Midvalley Downvalley Luzerne County Wayne County Wyoming County Susquehanna County Photos & Video Photo Galleries Videos Newsroom Staff Contact Us Customer Service Become a Carrier Privacy Policy Submission Forms Subscribe Terms of Use Digital Services News Alerts Digital Archives Submit a News Tip Submit Announcement Create a Calendar Event Classifieds Real Estate Cars & Vehicles Public Notices Jobs Shopping Circulars Marketplace Public Notices Site search Search 46° Cloudy Scranton, PA (18503) Today Periods of rain. High 48F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a half an inch.. Tonight Fog early, then cloudy late. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 5, 2024 @ 4:40 am Full Forecast Menu Subscribe Log In Manage Account Logout Manage Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Site search Search e-Edition Obituaries Newsletters Contact Us Classifieds Real Estate Cars & Vehicles Jobs Place An Ad Public Notices Careers Tuesday Edition | March 5, 2024 Lights, camera, Lackawanna: Commissioners to create county film commission +12 News Officials want to make it easier to make a movie in Lackawanna County. Commissioners will introduce for first reading Wednesday an ordinance creating the Lackawanna County Film and Multimedia Commission to promote the county as a premiere filming location. Read moreLights, camera, Lackawanna: Commissioners to create county film commission 💬 News Geisinger names new president and future CEO Geisinger Health’s board of directors appointed Dr. Terry Gilliland as president of the system and selected him to succeed Dr. Jaewon Ryu as c… Read moreGeisinger names new president and future CEO 💬 News Author to address Society of Irish Women at annual dinner March 17 An accomplished author who “tells the stories of Ireland and the Irish diaspora” will be the guest speaker at the Society of Irish Women’s ann… Read moreAuthor to address Society of Irish Women at annual dinner March 17 💬 Crime-Emergency Wilkes-Barre man faces charges in attempted robbery A Wilkes-Barre man conspired with three suspects to rob an apartment at the Commons in Dunmore, near Penn State Scranton, on Thursday, police said. Read moreWilkes-Barre man faces charges in attempted robbery 💬 News Richard Marx to perform at Mount Airy Resort Internationally known singer, songwriter and producer Richard Marx will perform at Mount Airy Casino Resort at 8 p.m. on Aug. 31. Read moreRichard Marx to perform at Mount Airy Resort 💬 Crime-Emergency Police: Scranton man sold crack cocaine to informant, illegally possessed brass knuckles Scranton police and county detectives arrested a city man Thursday after he sold crack to a confidential informant in downtown Scranton, autho… Read morePolice: Scranton man sold crack cocaine to informant, illegally possessed brass knuckles 💬 News Former county councilman Urban reaches plea deal in assault case Former Luzerne County Councilman Stephen J. Urban reached a plea agreement with prosecutors in an assault case from last summer that saw simpl… Read moreFormer county councilman Urban reaches plea deal in assault case 💬 Education LCCC board to vote on contract with Yudichak as new president The Luzerne County Community College board of trustees plans to vote on an employment contract with former state Sen. John Yudichak as the nex… Read moreLCCC board to vote on contract with Yudichak as new president 💬 News Scott Twp. property owner appeals cosmetics manufacturer's expansion plans A Scott Twp. property owner is appealing the landscaping plan and construction permit for an expanding cosmetics manufacturer in the Scott Tec… Read moreScott Twp. property owner appeals cosmetics manufacturer's expansion plans 💬 News Lawsuit: Scranton School District teacher assaulted special education student Officials in the Scranton School District failed to stop a teacher from assaulting a special education student on multiple occasions and depri… Read moreLawsuit: Scranton School District teacher assaulted special education student 💬 News Tunkhannock Area schools going all out for solar generation The Tunkhannock Area School District affirmed Thursday night that it could soon be home to the largest solar development of any public school … Read moreTunkhannock Area schools going all out for solar generation 💬 News Wyoming County helping CEO with Tunkhannock center Wyoming County is devoting American Rescue Plan funding to help the Commission on Economic Opportunity have a permanent center in Tunkhannock. Read moreWyoming County helping CEO with Tunkhannock center 💬 News Pocket park progression continues in Scranton SCRANTON — A pocket-park project years in the making nears its final steps. Read morePocket park progression continues in Scranton 💬 Crime-Emergency Jessup neighborhood stunned by homicide, suicide JESSUP — A slaying Saturday left residents of a quiet, tightknit neighborhood shaken and saddened. Read moreJessup neighborhood stunned by homicide, suicide 💬 News Main Avenue southbound exit to close nightly for repairs in Dickson City DICKSON CITY Read moreMain Avenue southbound exit to close nightly for repairs in Dickson City 💬 The Latest Zack Wheeler and Phillies reach $126 million, 3-year deal for 2025-27 Updated 2 hrs ago Trump wins North Dakota Republican caucuses, adding to victories going into Super Tuesday 7 hrs ago What to stream this week: Ariana Grande, 'Wonka,' Garth Brooks, animal queens and 'Poor Things' 20 hrs ago TODAY'S E-EDITION The Times-Tribune e-Edition The Times-Tribune Click HERE to learn how to useour E-Edition - and try out a demo edition for FREE!Click HERE to learn how to use our E-Edition and try out an edition for FREE! Most Recent Blogs Taking your dog to day care? Here's what to know before you pet's stay Review: "Dune: Part Two" How to prevent getting stuck in an exercise rut PENN STATED: Is Penn State underrated? Penn Stated Podcast Recent News Latest Blogs SUBMIT ONLINE Submissions now open for the 2024 Mother's day edition. Recent Obituaries Beckage, David J. Bohn, James Joseph Jackson, Mary Kudasik, Caroline Marie Simmons Lieto, Olivia Abbate Lyon, Merle W. Magnotta, Armeda M. Majdic, Ann M. Maurer, Edward Joseph Mauro, Carolyn A. Mesko, Michael A. Mussari, Catherine M. O'Malley, Kelly Sue Sutton Olsen, Edith G. Reitz Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Local Obituaries Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists Most Popular Lawsuit: Scranton School District teacher assaulted special education student Geisinger names new president and future CEO Low cattle inventory impacting beef industry Police: Scranton man sold crack cocaine to informant, illegally possessed brass knuckles Wilkes-Barre man faces charges in attempted robbery Jessup neighborhood stunned by homicide, suicide Scott Twp. property owner appeals cosmetics manufacturer's expansion plans Lights, camera, Lackawanna: Commissioners to create county film commission Author to address Society of Irish Women at annual dinner March 17 Former President Bill Clinton to headline Friendly Sons of St. Patrick of Lackawanna County's annual dinner Reader Poll Are you allergic to any food? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back This Week's Most Popular Blog Posts Review: "Madame Web" PENN STATED: Too far in to turn back; Too early to know where we're going How to prevent getting stuck in an exercise rut When can you drive after injury or surgery? Viral News No. 1 Houston, down another reserve, heads to UCF China's economic woes far from over, despite optimistic growth goal Philippines says crew hurt, vessels damaged by China Coast Guard China sets ambitious 5 percent growth target for 2024 Maldives signs China defence deal as India prepares exit Chemicals giant Bayer rules out break-up 'for now' after huge loss News Health/Science Lymphedema Day 2024: Cause for Celebration News Keystone College hosts Maple Sugar Open House State Pennsylvania court rules electronic voting data is not subject to release under public records law National News Pentagon leaker Jack Teixeira pleads guilty under deal that calls for at least 11 years in prison Access NEPA Winners Court-notes Lackawanna County Court Notes 3/5/24 News Hard rock concert tickets on presale Tuesday News PennDOT to close ramp on I81 for repairs Health/Science Does beer before liquor make you sicker? Health/Science Decaffeination process can use solvents Business When the boss is upset but won't say why News Clipboard 3/4/24 National News Abortion is enshrined as a constitutional right in France after lawmakers approve an amendment PARIS — French lawmakers Monday overwhelmingly approved a bill that will enshrine a woman’s right to an abortion in France’s constitution, a h… 💬 News Former Trump CFO Allen Weisselberg pleads guilty to perjury in ex-president’s civil fraud case NEW YORK — Allen Weisselberg, the former chief financial officer of Donald Trump's company, pleaded guilty Monday in New York to perjury in co… 💬 Elections 101: Everything you need to know about Pennsylvania’s voting machines, how the state keeps them safe, and more During what is likely to be another contentious presidential election in Pennsylvania, you may hear contradictory, confusing or downright fals… 💬 News Keystone College hosts Maple Sugar Open House Keystone College in La Plume Twp. hosted its Maple Sugar Open House on Sunday on its Woodlands Campus. The free open house highlights the begi… 💬 Dr. Paul Mackarey’s Health & Fitness Forum How to prevent getting stuck in an exercise rut I'm often asked if there's such a thing as an exercise rut. Unfortunately, yes, there is. People will start exercising a few times a week, ini… 💬 National News Organized crime attacks on local candidates raise fears Mexico may face its bloodiest elections ever MEXICO CITY — Organized crime is once again preying on local candidates across swaths of Mexico where cartels dominate, raising concerns among… 💬 National News Israel's wartime Cabinet is shaken by a dispute between Netanyahu and his top political rival An Israeli official says a top Cabinet minister's trip to Washington has angered Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The dispute between Netany… 💬 National News After 10 years of trying, a Palestinian woman had twins. An Israeli strike killed them both RAFAH, Gaza Strip — It took 10 years and three rounds of in vitro fertilization for Rania Abu Anza to become pregnant, and only seconds for he… 💬 Special Sections Contests Nation & World News China sets an economic growth target of around 5% but acknowledges it will not be easy to achieve What you should know from the opening of China's legislature Industrial fire and multiple explosions shoot debris into the air in Detroit suburb Small plane with several aboard crashes in Nashville and all were killed State News Teenager dead, 4 other people wounded in shooting at Philadelphia bus stop, police say Takeaways from the Wisconsin 2020 fake electors lawsuit settlement Pennsylvania court rules electronic voting data is not subject to release under public records law Nevada fake electors won't stand trial until January 2025 under judge's new schedule Philadelphia LGBTQ leaders arrested in traffic stop the mayor calls 'concerning' Strange News Venus flytrap poachers arrested for taking hundreds of rare plant Fast car, slow return: Ferrari stolen in 1995 from a Formula One driver is recovered by UK police 2 police horses on the lam cause traffic jam on I-90 in Cleveland area The Philadelphia Phillies are scrapping $1 hot dog nights following unruly fan behavior Looking for a leap year lift? Check out this silly French newspaper that only publishes on Feb. 29 ‘Iron Man’ pilots race in jet suits against a backdrop of Dubai skyscrapers Sports Athlete of the Week ATHLETE OF THE WEEK: Brian Heard, Abington Heights wrestling The junior captured the Class 3A Northeast Regional wrestling title at 172 pounds in Bethlehem in dominant fashion. He defeated three top-20 s… Read moreATHLETE OF THE WEEK: Brian Heard, Abington Heights wrestling 💬 High School HS BASKETBALL NOTES: Lackawanna League Blue Bloods return to PIAA playoffs High school basketball’s elite Lackawanna League boys programs added to their championship histories and now embark on the next steps in their… Read moreHS BASKETBALL NOTES: Lackawanna League Blue Bloods return to PIAA playoffs 💬 Athlete of the Week Lehigh Valley Health Network - Coordinated Health, Official Sports Medicine Sponsors of the Athlete of the Week 💬 Penn State Lions excel at Combine Sports LOCAL COLLEGES: Scranton baseball downs Gettysburg Sports Charlotte rallies past WBS Penguins Sports Defense dominates as Lady Royals move to NCAA second round College Battle-tested Lady Royals looking for different results in NCAA tourney College LOCAL CONNECTIONS: Sorensen's first hit, RBI is big College LOCAL COLLEGE: Marywood baseball defeats Hobart Sports 30-20-10 years ago High School GIRLS BASKETBALL NOTES: Four teams that reached semifinals last season return to state playoffs Lackawanna League girls basketball teams had an exciting impact on the state playoffs last season, and all four teams that reached the semifin… Read moreGIRLS BASKETBALL NOTES: Four teams that reached semifinals last season return to state playoffs 💬 College LOCAL CONNECTIONS: Wilkes' Butka wins regional wrestling title Wilkes University junior Cameron Butka (West Scranton) is headed to the NCAA Division III Wrestling Championships after capturing the 197-poun… Read moreLOCAL CONNECTIONS: Wilkes' Butka wins regional wrestling title 💬 College COLLEGE BASKETBALL: Local players receive major awards Three area basketball players received major honors from their respective conferences when the leagues recently announced their all-star teams. Read moreCOLLEGE BASKETBALL: Local players receive major awards 💬 Sports COLLEGE ROUNDUP: Lackawanna softball takes two Lackawanna College softball team won a pair of games Monday at the Fastpitch Dreams Spring Classic in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Read moreCOLLEGE ROUNDUP: Lackawanna softball takes two 💬 Sports D2 SWIMMING: Abington Heights swimmers have gold medal haul at Class 3A subregional Abington Heights swimmers peaked at the right time. Read moreD2 SWIMMING: Abington Heights swimmers have gold medal haul at Class 3A subregional 💬 High School Howerton Media Day cause kicks off baseball, softball season MOOSIC — At the second annual Bill Howerton Media Day on Sunday at PNC Field, attending high school baseball and softball players could fill o… Read moreHowerton Media Day cause kicks off baseball, softball season 💬 High School CLASS 3A NE REGIONAL WRESTLING: Marzolino, Heard capture titles BETHLEHEM — Caleb Marzolino’s 215-pound finals match Saturday paused in the first period because of blood around his mouth. Read moreCLASS 3A NE REGIONAL WRESTLING: Marzolino, Heard capture titles 💬 High School CLASS 2A NE REGIONAL WRESTLING: District 2 sends seven to Hershey Seven District 2 wrestlers won their consolation semifinal matches at the Class 2A Northeast Regional on Saturday at Williamsport High School … Read moreCLASS 2A NE REGIONAL WRESTLING: District 2 sends seven to Hershey 💬 High School CLASS 3A NE WRESTLING: Saturday's results CLASS 3A NORTHEAST REGIONAL RESULTS Read moreCLASS 3A NE WRESTLING: Saturday's results 💬 High School HS WRESTLING NOTEBOOK: Schock reaches milestone, qualifies for states in same match BETHLEHEM — Xaiden Schock is no stranger to pressure situations. Read moreHS WRESTLING NOTEBOOK: Schock reaches milestone, qualifies for states in same match 💬 Newsletters Success! An email has been sent to with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Alerts We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen! Daily Headlines Have the latest local news delivered every day so you don't miss out on updates. Afternoon Update Find out this afternoon's latest news from The Times-Trbune The Times-Tribune e-Edition Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email. Blogs Latest Blog Posts From The Times-Tribune Local Obituaries Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox. Lifestyles The latest from our Lifestyles section. Local Sports Get the latest headlines on local sports! Local Weather Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather. Most Read This Week Best trending stories from the week. You must select at least one email list. Please enter a valid email address. Sign up Manage your lists SUBMISSIONS Anniversary Submit Anniversary Announcement Candidates Candidates Delete Account Delete My Account Employment Carrier/Motor Route Driver Contact Form Engagement Submit Engagement Announcement Forms Submit a recipe Letters Form Submit a Letter to the Editor Mothersday Mothers Day Namedropper namedropper form News Submission Form News Submission Otc mothersdayOTC School Notes School Notes Times Traveler Forms Times Traveler Submission Form Wedding Submit Wedding Announcement Support local news you can trust. We depend on the support of our loyal subscribers to produce meaningful journalism every day. Help us continue this important work: subscribe today. Opinion Editorials and Columns Misinformation poses the gravest threat to our election system In announcing the formation of a Pennsylvania Election Threats Task Force last week, Gov. Josh Shapiro charged its members with “working toget… Read moreMisinformation poses the gravest threat to our election system 💬 Editorials and Columns Meuser should defy party bosses and help save Ukraine Two years into the war in Ukraine, as Russian forces press attacks across a broad front and Ukrainian stockpiles run low, the fate of freedom … Read moreMeuser should defy party bosses and help save Ukraine 💬 Chris Kelly Chris Kelly Opinion: On stage, an American high school shooting story “The silicon chip inside her head/ Gets switched to overload/ And nobody’s gonna go to school today/ She’s gonna make them stay at home …” — f… Read moreChris Kelly Opinion: On stage, an American high school shooting story 💬 Chris Kelly Opinion: Fighting Putin with pastels I met Joe Kluck on a bright, blue Tuesday in March 2022. I was taking in some sunshine on the sidewalk in front of the Times Building when he … Read moreChris Kelly Opinion: Fighting Putin with pastels 💬 Opinion Unfair surcharges might wipe out UGI rate savings Opinion Biden has restored US leadership surrendered by Trump Opinion Why entrust our future to a would-be dictator? Opinion Nikki Haley: We have a country to save In two years, America will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding. When July 4, 2026, arrives, what kind of country will we have? Wil… 💬 Opinion Why President Biden should be reelected As a member of the Biden-Harris 2024 national advisory board, I have spent the past year traveling the country talking with voters and hearing… 💬 Columnists Nikki Haley: We have a country to save Why President Biden should be reelected Additional aid to Ukraine must come with accountability and oversight Chris Kelly Opinion: It's doomsday! Teddy has your bucket Loan forgiveness distracted Department of Education from FAFSA reform Chris Kelly Opinion: Old Forge artist plumbs lines and mines Lessons from above Chris Kelly Opinion: Scavo casts shadow on McCormick event As requested, the Hershey cake recipe Chris Kelly Opinion: An ink-stained bane hops the fence John Cole Cartoons Lifestyles With Bread Service, area man brings home his favorite flavors from New York City Lifestyles The floor vibrates when a 600-pound mixer in the commercial bakery connected to Adam Thalenfeld’s childhood home kneads 200 pounds of dough at… Read moreWith Bread Service, area man brings home his favorite flavors from New York City 💬 Lifestyles The Optimist by Ed Ackerman: Every pizza tells a story Lifestyles How to travel with your pet responsibly Lifestyles Out and About at the Garden Railway Society Winter Meet at the Electric City Trolley Museum in Scranton Lifestyles Taylor Swift has a taste for white wine Lifestyles ‘This is Me ... Now: A Love Story’ is a wild Jennifer Lopez ego trip Lifestyles New releases from Kristi Hersh, Ian Sweet and Ill Peach Lifestyles Scranton man comes home with national tour of “The Cher Show” Lifestyles Best bets for this weekend's entertainment Lifestyles Want to enjoy St. Patrick's Day without the booze? Check out this dinner Lifestyles Out&About Social Announcements Videos Photo Galleries +6 Keystone College hosts Maple Sugar Open House +6 Out and About at the Garden Railway Society Winter Meet at the Electric City Trolley Museum in Scranton +2 Pets of the Week, March 3, 2024 +31 Photos of the day: March 1, 2024 +124 PHOTO GALLERY: District 2 basketball championships +7 Out&About +2 Pets of the Week, Feb. 25, 2024 +35 Photos of the day: February 21, 2024 +5 Students learn about life with disabilities Local History News Events set for Anthracite Mining Heritage Month Local History 100 Years Ago - Man with no memory being treated at Scranton State Hospital Local History 45 Years Ago - Former coal and railroad assets put up for sale in Lackawanna County News 50 Years Ago - Body of Gram Parson stolen, burned Recent Featured Stories News Former President Bill Clinton to headline Friendly Sons of St. Patrick of Lackawanna County's annual dinner News Main Avenue southbound exit to close nightly for repairs in Dickson City Chris-kelly Chris Kelly Opinion: On stage, an American high school shooting story News Plains Twp. VA hospital touts surgery, mammography advancements in annual report News Thousands line Pittston streets for St. Patrick's Parade despite rain Lifestyles With Bread Service, area man brings home his favorite flavors from New York City Lifestyles The Optimist by Ed Ackerman: Every pizza tells a story Business Low cattle inventory impacting beef industry News Y2K Cereal Bar & Cafe opens in Scranton News Scranton Punk Rock Flea Market & Zinefest vibes downtown Crime-Emergency Archbald couple cleared of child endangerment charge Site Links Logout Subscribe Newsletters & Alerts Download our App Our Companies The Citizens' Voice Standard-Speaker Republican Herald AccessNEPA.com Varsity570.com Greater Pittston Progress Northeast Pennsylvania Business Journal Valley Advantage Wyoming County Examiner thetimes-tribune.com 305 Linden St. Scranton, PA 18503 Phone: 1-800-228-4637 Email: contactus_tt@scrantontimes.com Contact Us FAQ © Copyright 2024 The Times Tribune 305 Linden St., Scranton, PA Privacy Policy Opinion Posting Policy About Our Ads Questions or Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram × Browser Compatibility Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox