Clean Stand-Up Comedians - Hilarious Comics for Comedy Shows 2024 Skip to Main Content The Ivy League of Comedy Home Comedians Corporate Fundraising Charities Churches Synagogues Comedy Classes Virtual Shows Book Us For: Charity Events Churches Law Firms Golf & Private Clubs Government and Military Groups Private Parties Synagogues Theatres Virtual Shows Wedding & Baby Showers Comedy Classes Resources How to Hire a Comedian How to Tell a Joke Emcee Info Free Original Comedy Privacy & Accessibility Statement Common Objections Videocast Kind Words Press Testimonials Contact Menu Home Comedians Corporate Fundraising Charities Churches Synagogues Comedy Classes Virtual Shows Book Us For: Charity Events Churches Law Firms Golf & Private Clubs Government and Military Groups Private Parties Synagogues Theatres Virtual Shows Wedding & Baby Showers Comedy Classes Resources How to Hire a Comedian How to Tell a Joke Emcee Info Free Original Comedy Privacy & Accessibility Statement Common Objections Videocast Kind Words Press Testimonials Contact (if you’re viewing this on a mobile device, scroll way down for our schedule) Clean corporate comedy. Come to a show or book the best stand-up comedians for your company, industry or charity event. In-person or Virtual! We’re the comedy experts. Watch our special for free.Top-rated (A+) by the bureau that rates better businesses (we’re not members so we’re opting not to name them). https://youtu.be/g36PuK34xtA?feature=shared&t=24Video can’t be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: The Ivy League of Comedy Live at the Emelin Theatre (https://youtu.be/g36PuK34xtA?feature=shared&t=24) Why Hire a Stand-Up Comedian? Studies have shown that people value experiences more than we value possessions. The pleasure we get from buying something new wears off very quickly but a pleasurable experience lives on in our memory. A comedy show is a great, fun experience! Read scientific studies about the health benefits of humor Corporate Seminars & Entertainment Theatres & Performing Arts Centers Team-Building Exercises & Off-sites Government & Military Groups Fraternal & Service Organizations Summer Associate Programs Alumni Associations Golf, Yacht & Country Clubs Virtual Comedy to Liven up Meetings Law Firm Client Events Industry Conferences Temples & Synagogues Churches & Christian Events Awards Dinners Charity Events Fund-raising Events Private Parties & more We’re all very experienced pro comics so we’re right for any audience. From four Tonight Show hosts to patients and their families at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center to corporations and embassies and even the U.S. Army War College: They’ve all loved us. And so will you! The least-experienced among us has been a professional comedian for 20 years. The Ivy League of Comedysm is clean, smart comedy. Broadway-quality entertainment at less than the cost of even an off-Broadway show. At clubs & theatres or at your venue. All of us have late-night TV performing/writing backgrounds and have headlined all over the world. We offer several features not available anywhere else — ask for details. Solar-powered comedysm: Our office is 100% powered (electricity & air conditioning) by renewable energy. Shaun Eli hosting The Ivy League of Comedy at the Emelin Theatre in New York The Ivy League of Comedy founder Shaun Eli was profiled in The New York Times Fun. Smart. Hilarious. To book us or just to ask questions call or text (914) 487-3866. Advice is free. We do shows for a variety of enterprises, from corporations to industry conferences to embassies to charity fund-raising events, even private parties. With our decades of experience and expertise we will ensure that the entertainment for your event is perfect and perfectly appropriate for your group. The Ivy League of Comedysm is owned and managed by a working stand-up comedian who is at the shows, performing and making sure that everything is superb.Our clean and clever comedy shows will meet all of your objectives and far exceed your expectations while entertaining your audience with smart and original content!We can also provide professional stand-up comedian emcees for your events.If you have questions, just ask! We’re happy to provide more information. Invest in your happiness. Come to a comedy show!sm Shaun EliComedian, Executive Director & Chief Chocolate OfficerThe Ivy League of ComedysmLiberty Comedy Corp.Call or text us at (914) it’s-funny (914) 487-3866 or emailShaun {at} TheIvyLeagueofComedy {dot} com “You were the most talked-about part of our group’s trip to NYC- everyone had such a wonderfully hilarious evening. We all appreciated your ability to interact with a very diverse audience, military officers and diplomats intermixed with New Yorkers and visiting tourists from all over, and still keep your material fresh, clever and relevant to everyone.People who’ve made a career out of slogging through mud while under fire aren’t going to be offended by dirty words, but they still marveled at your friendly and professional ability to rock the room without the use of foul language or vulgar content. I would recommend you to any group seeking entertainment.”– Jiyul KimColonel, U.S. Army Director of Asian Studies U.S. Army War College “You’re wonderful! Bless you for coming! This is the first time in three months I’ve seen my wife smile.” – Husband of a cancer patient after a show at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (the hospital’s strict patient confidentiality policy prohibits even asking for a name) More kind words on the Testimonials page.Read about us in major publications like The New York Times on our Press page. We also offer stand-up comedy classes. Contact info: call or text (914) it’s-funny (914) 487-3866 or email Shaun {at} TheIvyLeagueofComedy {dot} com Privacy Policy and Accessibility Statement For Comics Seeking Spots https://youtu.be/48R4gSpNH-IVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Carmen Lynch Performs Stand Up (https://youtu.be/48R4gSpNH-I) Saturday February 10, 2024 8 PMYork JCC2000 Hollywood DriveYork, PA 17403(717) 843-0918Carmen Lynch (Tonight Show, Colbert, Comedy Central, Letterman, Conan)Ophira Eisenberg (Comedy Central, Today Show, Late Late Show, her own show Ask Me Another on NPR)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets https://youtu.be/VgeOxcEHV7g?feature=sharedVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Moody McCarthy's 1st Letterman appearance (https://youtu.be/VgeOxcEHV7g?feature=shared) Thursday February 22, 2024 7 PMThe Queen500 N. Market St.Wilmington, DE 19801(302) 400-7020Moody McCarthy (America's Got Talent, Letterman, Conan)Karen Bergreen (Comedy Central, The View, Nick Mom)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets ANDFriday February 23, 2024 7 PMMarVa Theater103 Market St.Pokomoke City, MD 21851(410) 957-4230Moody McCarthy (America's Got Talent, Letterman, Conan)Karen Bergreen (Comedy Central, The View, Nick Mom)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets ANDSaturday February 24, 2024 7 PMThe Colonial Center220 South Mecklenburg AveSouth Hill, VA 23970(434) 262-4170Moody McCarthy (America's Got Talent, Letterman, Conan)Karen Bergreen (Comedy Central, The View, Nick Mom)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets ANDSunday February 25, 2024 6 PM and 8 PM shows1st Stage Theatre1524 Spring Hill Rd.Tyson, VA 22102(703) 854-1856Moody McCarthy (America's Got Talent, Letterman, Conan)Karen Bergreen (Comedy Central, The View, Nick Mom)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets https://youtu.be/48R4gSpNH-IVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Carmen Lynch Performs Stand Up (https://youtu.be/48R4gSpNH-I) Saturday March 23, 2024 8 PMMadison Theatre1000 Hempstead Ave.Rockville Center, NY 11570(516) 323-4444Carmen Lynch (Colbert, Tonight Show, Letterman, Comedy Central, Conan)Ryan Reiss (Late Late Show)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets https://youtu.be/x4cPxdMl-ZE?feature=sharedVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is disabled: Ophira Eisenberg on Ferguson (https://youtu.be/x4cPxdMl-ZE?feature=shared) Friday April 5, 2024 8 PMTroy Music Hall30 Second St.Troy, NY 12180(518) 273-0038Ophira Eisenberg (Comedy Central, Today Show, Late Late Show, NPR)Shaun Eli (Amazon, Netflix)Tickets Booking Information For other comedy shows we also recommend Liberty Comedy. The Ivy League of Comedy, Ivy Stand-up, Ivy League Comedy and Ivy Stand-up Comedy are servicemarks of Liberty Comedy Corp. All rights reserved. © 2003-2024 Liberty Comedy Corp. All Rights Reserved.