National Low Income Housing Coalition Skip to main content Utility Menu About Us Webinars & Events Blog News Become a Member Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search Explore Issues Policy Priorities Policy Priorities National Housing Trust Fund Federal Budget & Spending Preventing Benefit Cuts Fair Housing Disaster Housing Recovery Housing & Criminal Justice Native American Housing Rural Housing Housing-Related Tax Credits Projects & Campaigns National Housing Trust Fund State & Tribal Partners Campaign for Housing and Community Development Funding Opportunity Starts at Home Disaster Housing Recovery Civic Engagement: Our Homes, Our Votes ERASE Project HoUSed IDEAS Housing Programs Housing Programs Public Housing Housing Choice Vouchers Project-Based Housing HOME Investment Partnerships Program Housing-Related Tax Credits Housing First National Housing Trust Fund Publications & Research Mobile Publications & Research Research Out of Reach The Gap Memo to Members and Partners Tenant Talk Why We Care Why We Care The Problem The Solution HoUSed Housing Needs By State Take Action ORGANIZATIONAL SIGN-ON LETTERS Eviction Crisis Act Fair Housing Improvement Act Federal Budget HoUSed Campaign Become a Member About Us Mobile About Us Contact Staff Board of Directors Members Major Donors Special Members Job Opportunities History Mobile Utility Navigation Webinars & Events Blog News Search Donate Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Housing Policy Forum Explore Issues Policy Priorities Policy Priorities National Housing Trust Fund Federal Budget & Spending Preventing Benefit Cuts Racial Equity & Fair Housing Disaster Housing Recovery Housing & Criminal Justice Native American Housing Rural Housing Housing-Related Tax Credits Projects & Campaigns Projects & Campaigns Other Projects & Campaigns Opportunity Starts at Home Disaster Housing Recovery Civic Engagement: Our Homes, Our Votes HoUSed Tenant Organizing and Resources ERASE Project IDEAS - Racial Equity Housing Programs Housing Programs Public Housing Housing Choice Vouchers Project-Based Housing HOME Investment Partnerships Program Housing-Related Tax Credits Housing First National Housing Trust Fund Publications & Research Publications & Research Research Out of Reach The Gap Memo to Members and Partners The Connection Advocates’ Guide Tenant Talk Coronavirus, Housing, & Homelessness Working Group/Calls Why We Care Why We Care The Problem The Solution Housing Needs By State Take Action Donate Register to Virtually Attend NLIHC's 2024 Housing Policy Forum! Taking place March 19-21, Housing Policy Forum 2024: An Unwavering Path Forward to Housing Justice will celebrate NLIHC's 50-year anniversary by commemorating our organization’s history, achievements, and partners, while renewing our commitment to solving the nation’s housing and homelessness crisis. Read More Memo to Members and Partners | Volume 29, Issue 8 Memo: Congress Has Just Days to Finalize FY24 Spending Deal; Register to Attend NLIHC's Housing Policy Forum Virtually; New Bills and Webinars; and More! Read now A brief from NLIHC's ERASE team recounts the origins of the ERASE project, explains the project’s aims and structure, surveys its achievements, and details the successes of ERASE cohort members. Read more A new report analyzes the risks posed by natural hazards to federally assisted housing and its residents using FEMA's National Risk Index (NRI). Read more Learn about the initial implementation of HUD's Rapid Unsheltered Survivor Housing (RUSH) program in this report - the first of its kind to examine the successes and challenges of RUSH. Read more NLIHC and CBPP Release Updated Rental Housing Programs Database and Accompanying Report The RHPD helps promote a better understanding of how state and local governments use their own resources to close the gap between federal funding for rental housing and the needs of renters. Learn more here. The Spanish edition of NLIHC’s summer 2023 Tenant Talk – a semi-annual newsletter created by NLIHC to engage renters and residents in housing advocacy – is now available! Read More Are you interested in joining our next Tenant Leader Cohort for 2023-2024? NLIHC will be holding a meeting on June 10th at 11am ET to answer any questions regarding the cohort. Learn More NLIHC members receive discounted rates on publications. Join NLIHC today! Click here to order publications Tenant Talk Live Tenant Talk Live calls/webinars provide opportunities for residents to connect with NLIHC and one another, to share best practices, and to learn how to be more involved in influencing federal housing policies and to lead in their communities. Sign Up Now Previous Pause Next Housing Needs by State Get an overview of affordable housing needs at the state level. Learn More Select a State to Explore Data… Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Top Policy Priorities The National Low Income Housing Coalition supports all policy initiatives that advance our mission and goals. We focus our resources proactively on our core policy objectives, while monitoring the policy environment and responding to emerging issues as needed. Protect and Expand the National Housing Trust Fund The national Housing Trust Fund (HTF) is a federal housing resource exclusively targeted to help build, preserve, rehabilitate, and operate housing affordable to people with the lowest incomes. Learn More Preserve and Increase Resources for Federal Affordable Housing Programs We monitor the federal budget process and advocate for the highest possible appropriations for HUD and USDA housing programs. Learn More Ensure Federal Disaster Recovery Efforts are Fair and Equitable One of the top priorities after a disaster is making sure that all displaced families have a safe, accessible, and affordable place to live while they get back on their feet. Learn More Promote Equitable Access to Affordable Housing NLIHC believes in just communities, where all community members have access to economic and educational opportunities, as well as affordable housing. Learn More Champion Anti-Poverty Solutions Beyond ensuring access to affordable housing, NLIHC is strongly committed to enacting legislation and protecting resources that alleviate poverty. Learn More Explore All Issues NLIHC supports all policy initiatives that advance our mission and goals. We invite you to explore the various policy issues we work on. Learn More Top News view NLIHC Statement on Release of Final FY24 Spending Bill Washington, D.C. – The National Low Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC) and its national HoUSed campaign applaud congressional leaders for providing significant new funding to address America’s… Statements March 4, 2024 view NLIHC Statement on FEMA Interim Final Rule Washington, D.C. – The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) released today an Interim Final Rule amending regulations for its Individual Assistance (IA) program. The Interim Final Rule includes… Statements January 22, 2024 view NLIHC Statement on Congress’s Bipartisan Tax Proposal Washington, D.C. – Congressional leaders today announced a bipartisan tax proposal that expands the Child Tax Credit and certain provisions of the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC). However, the… Statements January 16, 2024 view NLIHC, NAEH, CBPP Joint Statement on HUD’s Release of 2023 Annual Homeless Assessment Report: Part 1 Washington, D.C. – HUD will soon release its 2023 Annual Homeless Assessment Report (AHAR): Part 1. The report provides an annual Point-in-Time (PIT) estimate of the number of people… Statements December 15, 2023 view NLIHC and PAHRC Release Report on Natural Hazards and Federally Assisted Housing Washington, D.C. – The National Low Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC) and the Public and Affordable Housing Research Corporation (PAHRC) released today a new report, Natural Hazards and Federally… Press Release November 7, 2023 view NLIHC and NHLP Release Report on HUD’s Rapid Unsheltered Survivor Housing (RUSH) Program Washington, D.C. – The National Low Income Housing Coalition (NLIHC) and the National Housing Law Project (NHLP) released today a report exploring the initial implementation of the U.S. Department of… Press Release October 26, 2023 Load More Become a Member Learn about the benefits of NLIHC membership. Join Today Explore Issues Housing Needs By State Take Action About Us Webinar & Events Membership Blog News Sign Up to Receive NLIHC Emails ‌ ‌ ‌ Contact Terms of Use Privacy Statement ©2024 NLIHC | Maintained By Tamarack Media Cooperative