Simplebooklet | PDF to Flipbook Maker. Convert your Brochure or Presentation into Online Digital Flip Books. Simplebooklet Features Overview Presentation Activation Security Analytics Collections Sharing Pricing Log In Sign Up Free Impress People. Capture and hold your client's attention by presenting your PDFs, Documents, and Presentation files as interactive, persuasive flipbooks. Your First Simplebooklet Is Free Make An Impact Present and share your PDFs, Documents, and Presentation files as interactive, persuasive flipbooks. Guide Trifold Brochure Gatefold Pamphlet Annual Report Bifold Presentation Simplebooklet brings your to life! brochures flyers reports product sheets newsletters invitations guides one pagers bifolds marketing branding communications When you share your sales, marketing and communications collateral using Simplebooklet, you build trust in your content, creating the confidence to get clients to connect. Another 2,745 organizations signed up last week. Plans start as low as $3.50 a month. Sign Up Today From uninspired to impressed in under 5 minutes. Hassle Free, No Coding Required With Simplebooklet, everything's taken care of. Upload your existing collateral, make it authentic with your brand, and share it everywhere your client's go online, from embedding it on your website and blog, to sending it in email and sharing it on social networks. Need to update? No problem. Replace your Simplebooklet with a new version and everyone get's the latest from the same link, qr code, and posts you've already shared. The Perfect Page Flip. Have a trifold, gatefold, bifold, presentation, or even calendar? We've got the perfect page transition for you. Simplebooklet replicates the tactile flipping experience of your print collateral to really impress your audience. Present Like A Pro. Customize your very own, dedicated presentation page with your logo, domain, and background, building trust and confidence in your content. Add calls-to-action like a business card, downloads, install as an app, messaging, and more to drive client engagement through your collateral. Pages Come To Life. Add buttons, links, videos, image carousels, even code, right on your page or revealed in fullscreen. Animate content to appear or disappear to capture your customers attention. Even record voice and video narrations per page to keep your audience focused on what's important. Secure Sharing. You control who and how your audience can see your content. Make it discoverable on search engines, add a lead gate before people can continue, secure it with verified emails, lock it to a specific webpage, or set up a paywall to charge for access. Even Build a community and moderate audience comments around each page. Understand Your Audience. We'll let you know in real time as people open, flip through, and engage in your content. With notifications and reports, you'll understand what people do with your collateral and be able to act on that engagement. PDF attachments don't impress anyone. Sharing your brochure as a flat, uninspired, and hard to access PDF file doesn't do it justice. When you publish your brochure online using Simplebooklet, it flips the way it was meant to flip, on the devices your customers prefer and in the places they go online. See For Yourself View Brochure As Simplebooklet Vs View Brochure As PDF Simplebooklet Vs PDF Works with all your favorite formats. Share all your marketing, sales, and communications collateral from a single link. With collections, you can make your very own curated page of brochures, flyers, catalogs, and more all available from a single, branded weblink. Your client will have access to the latest version all the time, everytime. Open This Collection Simplebooklet Marketing Inc. Sign Up For Free Sitemap Home About Pricing Resources Help Updates Contact support@simplebooklet.com © 2024 Simplebooklet. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Services Privacy Policy GDRP Policy