Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press - Home Skip to content Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press homepage Our Work What We Do Litigation Amicus Briefs and Comments Local Legal Initiative ProJourn Freedom of the Press Awards Legal Resources All Guides and Resources Election Legal Guide Reporters’ Recording Guide Open Government Guide Trainings Free Press Topics All Topics Content Restrictions Court Access Freedom of Information Libel and Privacy Newsgathering Prior Restraint Reporter’s Privilege Who We Are Staff Steering Committee Contact Us Annual Report Our History Logo and Brand Guidelines Get Involved Donate to the Reporters Committee Ways to Give Work With Us Open mobile menu Legal Hotline Search Submit Our Work What We Do Litigation Amicus Briefs and Comments Local Legal Initiative ProJourn Freedom of the Press Awards Legal Resources All Guides and Resources Election Legal Guide Reporters’ Recording Guide Open Government Guide Trainings Free Press Topics All Topics Content Restrictions Court Access Freedom of Information Libel and Privacy Newsgathering Prior Restraint Reporter’s Privilege Who We Are Staff Steering Committee Contact Us Annual Report Our History Logo and Brand Guidelines Get Involved Donate to the Reporters Committee Ways to Give Work With Us Search Submit Our social media accounts twitter linkedin facebook Home Top stories VIEW ALL Covering the 2024 elections? RCFP’s free legal resources can help. Journalists reporting on the 2024 election cycle have access to RCFP’s free legal resources, including our Election Legal Guide. February 29, 2024 By Reporters Committee Categorized in Announcements view more Steve Coll’s new book on the origins of the Iraq War features transcripts of Saddam’s secret meetings. RCFP attorneys helped the author obtain them. “The Reporters Committee was just invaluable to this whole project,” said Steve Coll, author of “The Achilles Trap." February 27, 2024 By Chris Young Categorized in Freedom of Information view more In blockbuster First Amendment cases, US Supreme Court seems splintered RCFP's Grayson Clary analyzes last week's oral arguments in NetChoice v. Paxton and NetChoice v. Moody. March 4, 2024 By Grayson Clary Categorized in First Amendment view more Preserving our free press. Journalists tell the stories that affect our lives — in the face of government secrecy, misinformation campaigns, and even physical violence. When your right to information is threatened, the Reporters Committee is there — filing legal briefs, standing up to legal bullying, and going to court to support the public’s right to know. And we do it all for free. Donate today to defend our free press. DONATE NOW Resources VIEW ALL Election Legal Guide The Election Legal Guide provides an overview of legal issues that journalists may face while reporting on elections. October 24, 2018 Categorized in Newsgathering view more A Reporter’s Guide to Pre-Publication Review Pre-publication review, or “vetting,” is the process of reviewing news articles, scripts, and footage to address legal concerns. September 9, 2020 By Sarah Matthews, Victoria Moreno, Katie Townsend and Maya Gandhi Categorized in Libel and Privacy view more Press freedom and government transparency during COVID-19 This COVID-19 resource addresses court access, public records, open meetings, and government emergency powers amid the pandemic. March 18, 2020 By Reporters Committee Categorized in Court Access view more Latest VIEW ALL City of Memphis releases final batch of records related to Tyre Nichols’s fatal beating A media coalition, represented by an RCFP attorney, successfully challenged court orders prohibiting their disclosure. March 4, 2024 By Reporters Committee Categorized in Freedom of Information view more Maryland judge denies effort to seal hearing for teen charged with attempted murder A media coalition represented by RCFP attorneys successfully challenged an effort to close the hearing. February 29, 2024 By Reporters Committee Categorized in Court Access view more For second straight year, Florida lawmakers consider bills targeting defamation law Several provisions in the Florida bills would collide with the First Amendment. February 28, 2024 By Emily Hockett and Joe Wolf Categorized in Libel and Privacy view more RCFP urges Owasso Police Department to release reports related to nonbinary teen’s death The department denied a reporter’s request for police reports related to the death of Nex Benedict. February 27, 2024 By Reporters Committee Categorized in Freedom of Information view more X Corp. v. Bonta Court: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Date Filed: Feb. 21, 2024 Background: In September 2022, California Gov.… February 26, 2024 By Chris Young Categorized in First Amendment view more Assange seeks to renew his appeal in the UK RCFP's Gabe Rottman explains why one of the U.S. government's arguments in Julian Assange's case is so concerning. February 26, 2024 By Gabe Rottman Categorized in First Amendment view more Martinez v. ZoomInfo Technologies, Inc. Court: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Date Filed: Feb. 8, 2024 Background: In 2021, Kim Carter Martinez… February 20, 2024 By Chris Young Categorized in Libel and Privacy view more DOJ revises prosecutors’ manual on news media guidelines The revised section of the "Justice Manual" includes some notable points of interest for journalists. February 20, 2024 By Gabe Rottman Categorized in Newsgathering view more RCFP, CPJ urge Alabama DA to reconsider charges against local publisher, journalist The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and the Committee to Protect Journalists are asking a district attorney in… February 15, 2024 By Chris Young Categorized in Newsgathering view more Penncrest School District v. Cagle Court: Pennsylvania Supreme Court Date Filed: Feb. 15, 2024 Background: In May 2021, a high school library in the Penncrest… February 15, 2024 By Chris Young Categorized in Freedom of Information view more Stay informed by signing up for our mailing list Keep up with our work by signing up to receive our monthly newsletter. We'll send you updates about the cases we're doing with journalists, news organizations, and documentary filmmakers working to keep you informed. Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press homepage Our social media accounts twitter linkedin facebook Home Copyright and Reprint Policy Contact Us 1156 15th St. NW, Suite 1020, Washington, D.C. 20005 (202) 795-9300 © Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press