willnorris.com willnorris.com don’t lose focus AboutArchivenow Hi, I’m Will. I’m a follower of Jesus, a husband to Elisabeth, a father to Gabriel and Judah, a citizen of the indie web, and a software engineer at Tailscale. GitHub Mastodon Recent Posts Accessing go links across tailnets Nov 2, 2023 One of the more fun projects I’ve worked on at Tailscale is golink, which provide simple, private shortcuts that you can share with others on your tailnet. We have hundreds of go links at Tailscale that we use on a daily basis. Tailscale devices with a custom domain Nov 1, 2023 One of the things that kinda blew my mind my first week at Tailscale was MagicDNS. I had been using Tailscale at home for a while, but just hadn’t actually used MagicDNS at that point. Caddy snippets for static sites Oct 27, 2023 I moved my website from WordPress to a static site generator in 2014, and over the next few months, I wrote several posts about how I achieved certain dynamic behavior using custom nginx configurations. A fun little personal logo Oct 27, 2023 Like many kids, I remember drawing out the letters of my name in interesting ways in the margin of my notebook or on random scrap paper. I always liked the symmetry of the W and M in “William”, and how the two letters could continuously flow into one another. Tailscale at the Pinewood Derby May 5, 2023 Earlier this year, I organized and ran the Pinewood Derby for my son’s Cub Scout Pack. I had always participated in the Pinewood Derby when I was a Scout, and attended a few as an adult, but I’d never actually organized or run one myself. RainMachine Default Password Mar 7, 2022 The default password on a RainMachine Pro-16 (and presumably all device versions?) is an empty string. Not password, not admin, and not hunter2. Just an empty string. When you get a screen prompting you for a password, don’t enter anything, just click ‘OK’. Intentionally Positive Jul 7, 2021 Over the last decade or so, many companies (especially in tech) have adopted a “No Jerks” policy. The idea is to have policies in place for dealing with workplace bullies and jerks, and to have safeguards in the recruiting and hiring pipeline to prevent them from being hired in the first place. Boxed Mac and Cheese Jun 15, 2021 We were a Kraft household growing up, certainly eating our fair share of blue box mac and cheese. The steps to make it are quite simple: cook the pasta and drain out the water, put the pasta back in the pan, then stir in milk, butter, and the cheese packet. Leaving Google Sep 18, 2020 After 10 years, 8 months, and a handful of days, today is my last day at Google. It’s surreal and bittersweet, but I’m really excited about what’s next. As I’m writing this, I’m sitting outside of Charlie’s, getting ready to go gather my personal belongings and turn in my badge to security. GopherCon Family Track Jun 22, 2016 So I just got an email about GopherCon’s Significant Other and Family Track: Summer is a great time of year to travel with our loved ones. We’re excited to announce that SO/Family Track tickets are now available for significant others and kids who’ll be in Denver July 11-13th! view all posts Subscribe to feed © Will Norris. Unless noted otherwise, text content is licensed under CC-BY 4.0 and code under an MIT License.