DHTMLX JS Library | JavaScript/HTML5 UI Framework | JavaScript UI Library < Get a 70% Discount on DHTMLX Licenses for Your Startup >>> Download Close Products Back View All Products For Project Management Back Gantt JavaScript Gantt Chart Scheduler JavaScript Scheduler Kanban JavaScript Kanban Board To Do List JavaScript To Do List Event Calendar JavaScript Event Calendar For Data Analysis Back Diagram JavaScript Diagram Spreadsheet JavaScript Spreadsheet Pivot JavaScript Pivot Table For Content Management Back Vault File Uploader Rich Text Editor JavaScript Rich Text Editor UI Widgets Library Back Suite JavaScript UI Library with 20+ Full-Featured UI Widgets Back Suite Grid TreeGrid Tree Calendar Charts Save with DHTMLX Bundles View All Products Services Pricing Learning & Support Back Learning & Support Explore Back Documentation API references and guides Samples UI examples of DHTMLX components Demos App examples built with DHTMLX Integrations Guides on popular technologies Use Back Developer Helping Tools Export modules & other additions Code Snippets Code examples of DHTMLX widgets Read Back Blog Release articles, announcements, dev tips Customer List Who our clients are Customer Stories Interviews with DHTMLX clients Testimonials Feedback from our clients Connect Back Technical Support Official tech & license-related support Community Forum Technical help from the community Contact Us Download Boost development with JavaScript UI Libraries Easy-to-use and feature-rich JavaScript components that perfectly fit your solutions in any domain and of any complexity. Get started Thousands of web apps worldwide benefit from DHTMLX JavaScript UI libraries. How to start 1 Choose any component Choose one, two or more DHTMLX components. They are available both separately and in bundles. 2 Try free of charge for 30 days Download trial versions and test DHTMLX in your projects with the help of our official tech support completely free of charge. 3 Kick-start web development Pick the most suitable license to use DHTMLX perpetually and enjoy a yearly support plan. Scale up as you grow. Try for free DHTMLX JS UI libraries Gantt Scheduler Suite Diagram Spreadsheet Kanban To do list Pivot Vault Rich Text Editor Gantt Chart Easy customization that enables you to adjust Gantt look and feel according to your needs. Simple API that contributes to a short learning curve. Rich resource management features - resource calendar, histogram, multiple resources view, etc. Export of a full-sized Gantt chart to PDF, PNG, Excel, iCal, MS Project, and Primavera P6 Learn more Scheduler Wide range of calendar views for scheduling various resources such as the Timeline view. Recurring and multisections events, intuitive drag-n-drop and keyboard navigation. Extensive JavaScript API that gives you full control over the calendar's look and feel. Ability to export your scheduler to PDF and PNG formats and print it. Learn more Suite 20+ professionally designed customizable HTML5 UI controls from Forms to Grid, TreeGrid, and Charts. Pure JavaScript with no dependencies on any third-party library or framework. Fully client-side controls that can be integrated with any front-end and back-end technologies with ease. Perfect for developing complex dashboards, CRM, CMS, and any other enterprise-grade applications. Learn more Diagram Org charts, flowcharts, decision trees, block diagrams, mind maps, and many other diagrams for visualizing data in a hierarchical structure. Automatic layout algorithms for arranging chaotically placed shapes in tidy diagrams with one click of a button. Intuitive diagram editor for easily creating and editing your diagrams from scratch from the UI. Learn more Spreadsheet 170+ built-in math formulas and string functions for manipulating data compatible with Google Sheets and Excel. Convenient work with data on multiple sheets with the help of cross-referencing. Sorting, cell validation, read-only mode, and plenty of other configuration settings available via API. Learn more Kanban Workflow visualization with any number of tasks in columns and swimlanes. User assignment, progress tracking, due dates, and task prioritization. Inline editing, cards multiselection and drag-n-drop, history management, sorting and searching features. Fully configurable Kanban elements in the toolbar, board, and editor panel. Learn more To do list Fast and simple management of tasks with parent-child relationship and ability to split tasks into projects. Assigning task owners and due dates, tagging tasks, and navigating with shortcut keys. Configurable interface and behavior, in sync with DHTMLX Gantt, Scheduler, and Kanban board. Learn more Pivot Two different modes of displaying data in the Pivot grid: flat and tree. Speedy sorting and filtering of large datasets from the UI and via API. Ability to safely export Pivot data to Excel and CSV. Conditional formatting, read-only mode, custom cell formats, and many more configuration options. Learn more Vault Pure JavaScript control for uploading and managing diverse files. Real-time indicator of the file upload progress. Ability to set custom restrictions on the parameters of uploaded files. Different modes of uploading and previewing files. Learn more Rich Text Editor Support for HTML and markdown input and output formats. All major text formatting and editing operations. Ability to calculate advanced and custom statistics. Fully configurable toolbar and customizable appearance. Learn more View more products We support you from the very start of your development journey with DHTMLX to the launch and further maintenance of your product Why DHTMLX For Developers For Managers For Team Leaders Increase productivity Save your time on the creation and maintenance of your business applications due to our cutting-edge and full-featured JS UI libraries. No need to develop apps from scratch, use ready solutions. Fast learning, professional support Our detailed technical documentation will guide you through all the aspects of using our JavaScript/HTML 5 UI libraries. DHTMLX tech experts will help you transform your ideas into reality. 1500+ demos and samples Having comprehensive examples of using HTML5 UI controls is half the battle. You can surf through them, examine the code, and learn how they behave and interact with each other. Develop web apps twice as fast Thanks to simple integration and short learning curve, you'll be able to develop fully-functional web applications in a short time. Start using DHTMLX web UI libraries right now and show your first results in minutes. Secure data, no dependencies DHTMLX libraries are pure JavaScript client-side components. By embedding the DHTMLX JavaScript code you avoid any third-party dependencies, as our code becomes an integral part of your application. Thus, all your data is safe, as you don’t have to send it to any external service. Get started for free Download trial versions and test DHTMLX in your projects with the help of our official tech support completely free of charge Start for free Quality checked DHTMLX provides top market software products for more than 10 years. During this period we have shown ourselves as a proven vendor of the high-quality HTML5 controls library and other developer tools. Choose trustworthy vendor DHTMLX JavaScript UI products are trusted by software giants, market majors in service management, resource-saving technologies and electronics, as well as numerous small and medium companies. Rely on flexible licensing Our smart licensing model allows you to find the appropriate terms whether you develop a small app for internal purposes, or build big SaaS or enterprise solutions. With DHTMLX JS solutions, you won't have to deal with any hidden limitations or fees. Alternative to costly software We offer JavaScript libraries that can be a viable alternative to such expensive tools as MS Project. For example, integrating DHTMLX Gantt instead of MS Project will reduce the prime cost of your solution and thus can help you attract more clients. Secure data, no dependencies DHTMLX libraries are pure JavaScript client-side components. By embedding the DHTMLX JavaScript code you avoid any third-party dependencies, as our code becomes an integral part of your application. Thus, all your data is safe, as you don’t have to send it to any external service. Get started for free Download trial versions and test DHTMLX in your projects with the help of our official tech support completely free of charge Start for free Increase productivity Save your time on the creation and maintenance of your business applications due to our cutting-edge and full-featured JS UI libraries. No need to develop apps from scratch, use ready solutions. Fast learning, professional support Our detailed technical documentation will guide you through all the aspects of using our JavaScript/HTML 5 UI libraries. DHTMLX tech experts will help you transform your ideas into reality. 1500+ demos and samples Having comprehensive examples of using HTML5 UI controls is half the battle. You can surf through them, examine the code, and learn how they behave and interact with each other. Develop web apps twice as fast Thanks to simple integration and short learning curve, you'll be able to develop fully-functional web applications in a short time. Start using DHTMLX web UI libraries right now and show your first results in minutes. Quality checked DHTMLX provides top market software products for more than 10 years. During this period we have shown ourselves as a proven vendor of high-quality HTML UI libraries and other developer tools. Choose trustworthy vendor DHTMLX products are trusted by software giants, market majors in service management, resource-saving technologies and electronics, as well as numerous small and medium companies. Rely on flexible licensing Our smart licensing model allows you to find the appropriate terms whether you develop a small app for internal purposes, or build big SaaS or enterprise solutions. With DHTMLX JS solutions, you won't have to deal with any hidden limitations or fees. Secure data, no dependencies DHTMLX libraries are pure JavaScript client-side components. By embedding the DHTMLX JavaScript code you avoid any third-party dependencies, as our code becomes an integral part of your application. Thus, all your data is safe, as you don’t have to send it to any external service. Get started for free Download trial versions and test DHTMLX in your projects with the help of our official tech support completely free of charge Start for free Planning to use several DHTMLX components? Save up to 50% with DHTMLX bundles Learn more Latest Customer Spotlights Gantt for Venplan "With the DHTMLX tool, we had great feedback from users on how easy it is to manipulate the schedule. Our programmers felt the DHTMLX Gantt was much easier to work with" Read more Scheduler for Proteo "The thing that I love about it the most is that it is a Scheduler control that lays things out in the way that I think" Read more Gantt for BrickControl "DHTMLX Gantt is the most preferable option for us because it includes a lot of functionalities that our clients may like." Read more Show all stories What Customers Say We saw that many samples from DHTMLX were already provided with use cases that were important for us. So, we were quite sure that we could implement the things that we wanted to implement because there were some samples we could work on. We got some key features like grouping by resources, auto-scheduling, undo, but overall it was high performance and ease of using it. Christoph Hüsson Senior Developer at the German software service provider scholz.msconsulting It's stable. It's easy to set up, even if you don’t have too much development experience. It's highly customizable. It's full of features out of the box (and if something missing, you can write your own addon to cover missing functionality). It's beautiful out of the box, which is not always the case for similar components. Workload functionality is included, which is not the case for such components. Dmitry (Dan) Dudin CEO at GanttPRO We've been using DHTMLX libraries since 2005/06. It's pretty simple. You guys build controls we couldn't possibly do. Before that, we used straight HTML. Using DHTMLX lets us concentrate primarily on the functional aspects of the application and be able to deliver a modern sophisticated user interface without having to build those kinds of controls ourselves. David Basri President of the American software company Point Enterprises, Inc. The most appreciated features of the DHTMLX library are the perfectly integrated set of standard user interface components, a well designed API easy to understand and the really extensive documentation that really speeds up the development. VGS Global Team The API is extremely flexible, well documented and easy to understand if you need to look at underlying source code. The support has been responsive and high quality. We would absolutely recommend using DHTMLX and are even considering using some other products that they offer based on our experience so far. Hive Team I'm pretty happy with the software because it's very easy and quick to implement. I love to have fast results, it definitely helps. It was very useful to see the Scheduler demos on your website. These demos helped us to see how things are working in real-case scenarios. I think that your demos that looked and worked really well made me choose DHTMLX. Jeroen van Lierop Product Manager at the Netherlands-based startup QN Projects Read more testimonials Documentation Browse documentation We have prepared detailed API references, step-by-step initialization tutorials, and configuration and customization guides for each DHTMLX component. Visit documentation Forum Consult our community forum If you don't have an active support plan, you can get help on our community forum. The registration is free. The forum is also monitored by our support team. Visit forum Blog Read about the latest releases on the blog We write comprehensive release articles and how-to guides as well as share all important news on our blog. Visit blog Boost development with DHTMLX Embed feature-rich JavaScript widgets into your app. Download free trial Start your free trial Boost development with JavaScript UI Libraries We support you from the very start of your development journey with DHTMLX to the launch and further maintenance of your product Company Blog Our Customers Testimonials Licenses FAQ Products JS Gantt Chart JS Scheduler JS UI Widgets Library JS Diagram Library JS Kanban Board JS To Do List JS Event Calendar JS Booking Widget JS Spreadsheet JS Pivot Table JS File Uploader JS Rich Text Editor Support Free Trial Documentation Samples Forum Demos Integration Guides Startup Program Client's Area Contact us Contact Form Integration Services DHTMLX rating 4.8 ★★★★★ based on reviews of 36 customers. Privacy Policy / Terms of use / Site Feedback Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved.