rat haus reality: exercising our intelligence with clarity & coherence Welcome to the Front Door of ratical.org Settler Colonialism: Palestine 2024 “Territoriality is settler colonialism’s specific, irreducible element. [S]ettler colonizers come to stay: invasion is a structure not an event..... elimination is an organizing principal of settler-colonial society rather than a one-off (and superseded) occurrence.” —Patrick Wolfe, 2006. “Israel imposed mass famine, and committed massacres every day. What happened was all expected. I wrote a book about this previously 20 years ago. Children are now living in the streets and tents in the bitter cold. Their weak, fragile bodies are torn apart by shells or they die of hunger and more than 700,000 people suffer from diseases related to famine, lack of clean water and lack of sanitation. Although there are other hungry and oppressed people elsewhere (Iraq, Yemen, Sudan, Western Sahara, etc.), our situation is unique. The images are horrific and we have active and deliberate genocide by a colonial power supported by the governments of several colonial powers (US, UK, France, Germany, Australia). The genocide is broadcast live and is not hidden. No one can claim that he did not know. Every human being on this earth knows (including perpetrators and accomplices), but my topic here is not knowledge; It is corruption that leads to these things.” —Professor Mazin Qumsiyeh, 18 Feb 2024 Antidote to the Hubris of Greed While Living Under Domination Seeing the Maximum Security Establishment Denial System David T. Ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 23 Sep 2023 Inaugurated in 1995 on the September Equinox, today rat haus reality, ratical branch completes its 28th circle ’round the Sun. Gearing up to enter the 29th year inspired composing this Antidote, an accounting of censored and suppressed truths far too many people have witnessed and gone through since 2020. Tuning in to genuine, trustworthy reporting on and intelligent analysis of the state of our world is possible and is being produced by legions of souls operating in their respective divine capacities as independent agents and government watchdogs honoring and serving Life’s needs on Mother Earth. The souls highlighted in this accounting are celebrated for their dedication of bearing witness to and following the polestar of historical truth as it emits a light and illuminates the way we can all likewise be guided by. And in doing so, we can join in the sacred work of supporting the exquisite eons of life exploring itself on our Mother Earth for the seventh generation yet unborn and beyond. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Phinance Technologies This is an on-going INDEX of the Humanity Projects being developed at Phinance Technologies. Founded in 2022 by Yuri Nunes (Physics PhD), Carlos Alegria (Physics and Finance PhDs), and former Blackrock fund manager and author Edward Dowd, the resource includes sweeping multi-level data sets and their ongoing analyses and publication. MEMO to Senator Ron Johnson RE: Evidence of Covid-19 Regulatory Failures, Criminal Wrongdoing and Attempts to Avoid Liability by Senior Executive Service Officials in Multiple Federal Agencies Sasha Latypova and Katherine Watt, Due Diligence and Art, 7 Sep 2023 Over the past several years, Sasha Latypova and Katherine Watt have been combining their respective professional skills—ex-pharmaceutical R&D industry executive and entrepreneur and paralegal with research and writing focus on structural analysis of really big lies respectively—to uncover what has occurred regarding what are accurately defined as demonstration Department of Defense Covid-19 Countermeasures. Latypova, Watt and others attended a 13 Dec 2022 zoom call with Senator Ron Johnson (R-WI) scheduled by his staff. The memo and its 775 MB of Countermeasures Evidence References and Exhibits is based on publicly available sources and document in exhaustive detail how: Americans were misled about all Covid-19 “countermeasures,” including those products marketed as “vaccines.” Covid policy was managed by the National Security Council (NSC) acting on war footing and countermeasures were contracted for by the Department of Defense (DoD) and Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) without any effective regulatory oversight at any stage along the process. The activities passing as “regulatory processes” appear to have been fraudulent attempts to create color of law and avoid liability for what were clearly criminal acts. These multiple overlapping and mutually reinforcing violations of federal law have imposed serious harms on the American people, including severe injury and death. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site A Message to Donald Rumsfeld’s Ghost About My Known Knowns by Edward J. Curtin, Jr., 9 Oct 2023 Four Died Trying Surrounded By a Rogue’s Gallery of US Warfare State Front Men “[I]it has been very obvious for a very long time that the evidence for United States’ crimes of all sorts has been available to anyone who wished to face the truth. It does not take great expertise, just an eye for the obvious and the willingness to do a little homework.... Donald Rumsfeld, as a key long time insider to U.S. deep state operations, was surely aware of my list of known knowns. He was just one of many such slick talkers involved in demonic U.S. operations that have always been justified, denied, or kept secret by him and his ilk. One does not have to be a criminologist to realize these things.... Despite double-talkers like [Rumsfeld], evidence of decades of U.S. propaganda is easy to see through if one is compelled by the will-to-truth.” Consider how, it makes not the slightest difference whether Obama, Trump or covid occupy the Oval Office. Things only move in one direction. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site In Our Name: On Exercising Moral Conscience Given US Cluster Munitions to Ukraine The unmitigated evil being carried out IN OUR NAME manifests unbridled malevolence. The justification for the latest unconscionable Jaws-of-Hell-Weapons-to-Ukraine decision and promotion by executive branch, military, intelligence-media, congressional, academia, think-tank talking head “experts” is one more cravenly lethal “policy” laying bare the moral corruption of, in Steven Newcomb’s words, this Empire Domination Model of Christian Discovery. Life-affirming moral conscience is required to pierce the fog of thingism, identify and recognize the life-negating agendas being sold as necessary, and exercise our birthright intelligence to liberate consciousness and protect and defend ALL Life exploring itself on Mother Earth. A Most Evil Weapon; A Most Heinous Crime Tom Greco: A heinous war crime is about to be committed by a country that purports to be the champion of democracy and human rights. Yes, the US is preparing to send cluster bombs to Ukraine for use in the war against Russia. Do you know the kinds of injuries these weapons cause, that they often fail to explode until much later when innocent civilians accidentally set them off, and that these weapons have been banned by the Geneva Convention signed by 123 countries, but NOT by the US? Mike Boddington: This is an interim edition: a bonus, if you will. It is brought about as a result of hearing the news that the USA is to send cluster munitions to Ukraine, in order to continue the support of NATO and the west for that country in its battle against Russia. If this happens it will be the most evil and heinous crime. It will be the act of people who have no care or concern for the lives and welfare of others. By way of response, I am reproducing here an article that I wrote in 2021 entitled ‘An Experience in Your Life’ and which has had limited circulation, but has not aired in this medium. It offers a scenario of a regular, everyday person in SE Asia encountering an unexploded device – here referred to as a cluster sub-munition or bombie. Ending the Domination System REVOKE The PAPAL BULLS In response to the Papul Bulls issued 530 years ago today and tomorrow (3 and 4 May 1493) A View-from-the-Shore Analysis of the Vatican’s 30 March 2023 Statement on the Doctrine of Discovery by Steven Newcomb (Shawnee/Lenape) On 30 March 2022, the Vatican Dicastery for Culture and Education, and the Dicastery for Promoting Integral Human Development, issued a “Joint Statement” on the “Doctrine of Discovery.” The Vatican stopped short of a revocation of the 4 May 1493 papal bull, issuing instead a “repudiation of the doctrine of discovery.” The context begins with the free existence of our Native nations and peoples, extending back to the beginning of our time through our oral histories and traditions, contrasted with the system of domination that was carried by ship across the ocean and imposed on everyone and everything. From that starting point we end up with a non-Christian view-from-the-shore with our Ancestors looking out at the invading ships sailing from Western Christendom, and a view-from-the-ship perspective, with the colonizers moving toward our Ancestors with the intention of establishing the Christian empire’s system of domination where it did not yet exist. Below we discuss the recent Vatican Statement on the Doctrine of Discovery with a view-from-the-shore perspective, while realizing that the Vatican officials wrote their statement with a view-from-the-ship (church) perspective. Steven Newcomb has been researching and decoding the doctrine of Christian Discovery since the 1980s. Together with Birgil Kills Straight, a ceremonial leader of the Oglala Lakota Nation, the Indigenous Law Institute was founded in 1992 to begin a global campaign to revoke the 4 May 1493 papal bull, Inter Caetera, which Pope Alexander VI issued shortly after Columbus returned to Western Christendom from the Bahamas. Ending the Doctrine of Domination As we approach 4 July 2023, the challenge remains of understanding how so-called separation of church and state is not reflected in the foundations of U.S. law as well as government claims of sovereignty and title to the land comprising what is today called the United States. Steven Newcomb has been researching and analysing this contradiction since the late 1980s. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site The Pentagon’s B-Movie Looking Closely at the September 2001 Attacks by Graeme MacQueen complete eBook, rat haus reality press, 15 March 2023 This eBook by Graeme MacQueen contains a collection of his articles and essays on the attacks of September 11, 2001, the subsequent anthrax attacks, and analyses of other false flag operations. They are profoundly important and shatter the official versions of those events. No one reading this book can come away from it not convinced that the U.S. government is a terrorist state. MacQueen’s conclusions are not based on rhetoric but on a deep empirical analyses, facts not propaganda. With this volume, Graeme MacQueen takes his place alongside David Ray Griffin as a prophet without honor in his own time. History will declare him a hero. To write the Book’s Introduction is a great honor, for my esteem for Graeme and his work is immense. —Edward Curtin Never Again Is Now Global A Five-Part Documentary Series by Vera Sharav Alliance for Human Research Protection, 30 Jan to 3 Feb 2023 In Vera Sharav’s words: During these de-stabilizing three years, I have come to believe, like many other Holocaust survivors, that our survival was for a purpose. Our fear is that we may be the last witnesses who remember how: * A highly educated society and its exemplary academic, scientific, and cultural institutions were perverted; * Moral norms and legal safeguards were discarded; * The fabric of society was torn apart as segments of the population were disqualified; * Decent people became agents of industrialized mass murder. The survivors and family members in this documentary share their knowledge, and their painful memories of the unprecedented industrial-scale human catastrophe. We believe that the purpose of our survival is not only to remember; but to warn others about how fear and propaganda condition people to follow repressive – even murderous – government dictates. * We know how the suspension of personal freedom, the suspension of civil rights, and the silencing of dissent, devolve into genocide. Current invocations of “depopulation solutions” are chilling and foreboding. * Depopulation is invoked to solve supposed problems such as: “limited resources” and “global warming” and “climate change”; * An unprecedented mandatory vaccination campaign subjected hundreds of millions of people to an experimental, genetically manipulated injectable product; * The product’s safety and efficacy were untested; * Its ingredients are top secret; * And its promoters referred to this vaccine as the “Final Solution” to the pandemic. I interpret these ominous verbal references as veiled codes for another planned human catastrophe. That realization propelled me to embark on a project I had never engaged in before – a documentary with the intention to open people’s minds to the current, ominous, genocidal “solutions” that a band of global oligarchs have set in motion. Another important objective of the documentary was to expose the false narrative that has (for decades) obscured the active participation of multinational corporations, global financiers, and family dynasties – who facilitated and profiteered from the genocidal Nazi regime and its slave labor force. Never Again is Now Global is the only documentary dealing with the Holocaust directed by a Holocaust survivor. In addition to survivors, our documentary brings together testimonies of children and grandchildren of survivors and victims; German descendants of victims as well as a grandson of Nazi scientists. The participants who expressed their alarm about the current nefarious global operation include doctors, scientists, a Rabbi, and African American freedom fighters. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site History Will Not Absolve Us Invoke The Bond With Your Creator and Be Liberated From The United States of Denial David T. Ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 21 Dec 2022 Bob Moran: Not Our Future The consequence of the Doctrine of Domination is the increasing-to-the-breaking-point concentration of financial wealth and exercise of control in fewer and fewer hands. The Domination System Original Free Peoples have been dealing with for over 500 years is now coming after the 99%. We are confronted with a global spiritual world war of unbridled dimensions, ever more treacherous given its purpose is cloaked in the false promise of biosecurity. Everyone’s birthright of free will, exercising one’s unique wisdom and intelligence, is in danger of being subjugated, captured, vanquished, and, as has already occurred for many people, being extinguished and killed. Every person on Mother Earth has extraordinary gifts and powers, gifted by one’s Creator, to meet the challenges our species collectively faces. Once the numbing mind-fog spell of fear is faced and understood, there are no limits to what can be imagined and acted upon to contribute to discovering unknown possibilities of manifesting life-affirming processes that meet the needs of all. Steven T. Newcomb Shawnee-Lenape Scholar and Author “The words that we use, create and maintain the reality that we experience.” Steven Newcomb’s decades-long research on the roots and contemporary patterns of the Domination System, are traced from 15th century Vatican papal documents, thru the 1823 US Supreme Court ruling, Johnson v McIntosh, which incorporated those patterns into US property law, to the present day. In his 2008 book, Pagans in the Promised Land: Decoding the Doctrine of Discovery Newcomb demonstrates how US government officials have used religious concepts of Christendom, often unconsciously, to justify the taking of Native American lands and to deny the independence of Original Free Nations. Uncovering the way in which the conceptions of Doctrines of Domination fit together, Newcomb describes what he terms a Protocol of Domination Vocabulary. A seed of the present day Domination System is the Dum Diversas papal bull of 1452, issued by Pope Nicholas V to King Alphonso of Portugal, which authorizes the King to “invade, capture, vanquish, and subdue all Saracens, pagans and other enemies of Christ ... to reduce their persons to perpetual slavery ... and to take away all their possessions and property and to convert their possessions and properties.” welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Open Letter to Oliver Stone On the Wisdom of Pursuing Nuclear Power by David T. Ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 8 Jul 2022 In mid-May I heard Oliver Stone interviewed by Lex Fridman focusing on Ukraine. Near the beginning, for 12+ minutes, Oliver Stone talks about nuclear power and a new documentary he is finishing up. As he puts it, “nuclear energy is going to end the dominance of oil ... because it’s the only sane way for the world to proceed.” I was intrigued and concerned about Stone's reasoning for advocating nuclear power and decided to write an Open Letter to present a differing perspective on the risks and consequences of pursuing nuclear power as our species' primary energy source. My hope is to provoke how all of us think about the unlimited energy we are used to having at our finger tips and, as Richard Heinberg wrote in 2003, how “each [U.S.] American has the equivalent of over 150 ‘energy slaves’ working for us 24 hours each day. In energy terms, each middle-class American is living a lifestyle so lavish as to make nearly any sultan or potentate in history swoon with envy.” John Mearsheimer et al: Why The West’s Strategy in Ukraine Is So Dangerous While Western corporate/state press is engaged in an extremely dangerous propaganda narrative, the war in Ukraine is, in fact, a proxy war between the U.S. and Russia. Professor John Mearsheimer predicted this crisis in 2015. In April he said the war in Ukraine is “the most dangerous crisis since the Second World War” and is “more dangerous that the [1962] Cuban crisis”. Mearsheimer’s analysis is: given that both Russia and the U.S. are determined to “win” this war, the risk of nuclear escalation rises to unthinkable levels when two nuclear powers decide losing is not an option. On The Edge of a Nuclear Abyss by Edward Curtin, 10 March 2022 WHICH ONE’S GRAVE? End of Warfare or End of Civilization? Chicago Tribune, 12 August 1945 It is very hard to accept that the leaders of your own country commit and contemplate unspeakable evil deeds and that they wish to control your mind. To contemplate that they might once again use nuclear weapons is unspeakable but necessary if we are to prevent it. Beware, we are on the edge of a nuclear abyss. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Pandemic Parallax View parallax [par-uh-laks] noun: the apparent displacement of an observed object due to a change in the position of the observer Gall-Peters Projection of Mother Earth Highlights “The Psychiatry of COVID-19” - A Conversation with Dr. Emanuel GarciaEpisode 27: Perspectives on the Pandemic, 6 Jul 2022 Mark Crispin Miller: In Memory of Those Who Have “Died Suddenly” CDC Admits Once and for All It Has No Basis for Its Claim That COVID-19 Vaccines Do Not Cause Variants Informed Consent Action Network (ICAN), 20 Jun 2022 Great Reset Playbook: Ukraine With every mistake, we must surely be learningDennis Riches, Lit By Imagination, 29 Dec 2021 International Grand Jury ProceedingThe Peoples’ Court of Public Opinion Convened 5 Feb 2022 How to BLAST your way to the truth about the origins of COVID-19 Using BLAST is easy. I’m going to show you how easy and how to prove that SARS-Cov-2 is man-made Dr Ah Kahn Syed, 28 Dec 2021 What if the largest experiment on human beings in history is a failure? A report from an Indiana life insurance company raises serious concerns. Robert Malone, MD, MS, 2 Jan 2022 Australian Elders Jubullum Message to All Peoples: Your DNA Is Sacred, 17 Oct 2021 Conscience and The Nuremberg CodeInformed Consent, Censorship, and Inalienable Rights David Ratcliffe, rat haus reality press, 19 Oct 2021 ongoing compilation: Lawsuits Challenging Covid-19 False Claims Children’s Health Defense Responds to Biden’s ‘Declaration of War Against Unvaccinated’ In a “deeply disturbing” speech last week, President Biden exhorted medical coercion of an experimental gene therapy for a virus with a 99% survival rate for a large portion of the population, and for which no one bears financial liability in cases where injuries or deaths occur. Mary Holland, President & General Counsel, Children’s Health Defense, 13 Sep 2021 Justus R Hope MD: Ivermectin Represents Human Rights Open Letter and Challenge for Rachel Maddow Ivermectin: Truth or Consequences Diane Perlman, 2 Sep 2021 Gold Standard Covid Science in Practice An Interdisciplinary Symposium Calling for Immediate Intervention Organized by Doctors for Covid Ethics, Hosted by UK Column, 29-30 July How Real Science became Fake News Thirty years ago, the man who taught me quantum mechanics at Harvard wrote that the suppression of debate will be the ‘death of science’. Perhaps he saw the shape of things to come. Josh Mitteldorf, Experimental Frontiers, 29 Jun 2021 What I Know and Don’t Know about SARS-Cov-2 Virus Edward Curtin, Behind the Curtain, 19 June 2021 Indian Bar Association Serves Legal Notice on WHO’s Chief Scientist for Ivermectin Disinformation and Suppression of Evidence in India, 9 Jun 2021 Systematically Flawed Mortality Statistics Should Not Be Guiding Science, Medicine or Public Policy An Evidence Based Postion Presented By A Former Death Certificate Clerk Joy Fritz, GreenMedinfo, 20 Apr 2021 Data Disaster: A Call for an Investigation Into the CDC’s Conduct During Covid-19 Stand for Health Freedom Panel, 17 Feb 2021 Catherine Austin Fitts: Mr Global’s Bid for Economic Totalitarianism and Transhumanism – IF We Allow It Planet Lockdown Film Interview, mid August 2020 The Fourth Industrial Revolution and the Global Technocratic Takeover with Alison McDowell Jason Bosch Interview, 17 May 2020 “Lockdown only pushes the severe cases into the future – it will not prevent them” —Prof. Johan Giesecke Collapsologie Immersion The End Is The Beginning late to the game and eager to learn: Can we seed future successor-cultures in time? Collapsologie is the study and elaboration of how industrial civilization as we know it collapses and if it does, what will replace it. Industrial civilization is the use of machinery powered by electricity or any form of energy to carry out various activities. Collapsologie is a neologism developed by Pablo Servigne and Raphaël Stevens in their 2015 book. In an interview, recalling all the data and increasingly disturbing scientific alarms, the authors are calling for an end to denial: “we accept that disasters can occur: they are looming, we must look at them with courage, eyes wide open. To be a catastrophist is neither to be pessimistic nor optimistic, it is to be lucid.” welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Chernobyl: Understanding Consequences of Playing With The Poison Fire In the Sept 1986 American Chemical Society Symposium on Low-Level Radiation, John W. Gofman, M.D., Ph.D., describing what was then, The Single Most Serious Industrial Accident Ever, stated: It is correct to say that a single event—the Chernobyl accident—has caused between 600,000 and a million cases of cancer and leukemia. The radio-cesiums are on the ground, and humans are committed to receive the doses from them. To the extent that a share of the dose has already been received, a share of the malignancies is already underway, even though they will not become manifest, clinically, for years.... We can predict with high confidence that an honest study of the proposed population sample will simply confirm—but decades from now—the magnitude of radiation production of cancer, a magnitude we know quite well prior to such a study.... The existing human evidence provides a solid basis for assessing the Chernobyl toll. The credible lower-limit of malignancies from the cesium fallout is approximately 640,000 cases, and a credible upper-limit is probably 1,600,000 malignancies. 23 years later, Dr. Gofman’s projections were borne out with the compendium release of Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment (Annals of New York Academy of Sciences, Vol 1181, Dec 2009) which concluded 985,000 people died between 1986 and 2004 as a result of biosphere contamination of radioactive matter released from the detonation of Unit 4’s reactor core. The Chernobyl and Fukushima catastrophes have caused, are causing, and will continue to cause living and dying agony and nightmares for untold generations and millenia. The purpose of this archive of historically significant source materials is to assist younger people—and as many others as possible—in learning about our true history, how our world actually operates, and re-mind how we must collectively weigh the consequences of every decision our species makes, reflecting on and being informed by the vital numinous awareness that all Life is sacred, and that the needs of the future, of all life yet unborn, must guide every choice and decision made in the present. 10 June 2019: 56 Years On & Inauguration of ratical earth journal In our quest for a different vision and path for the U.S. and the world, it is critical to educate ourselves about a 12 month period from the fall of 1962 into the fall of ’63, when President John F. Kennedy was assassinated. Very few are aware of this year in U.S. history. During this period the U.S. took a fundamentally different approach to the ‘Cold War,’ nuclear weapons, nuclear war, and the conflict with what was then the Soviet Union. This was the result of a radical change in U.S. policy, because of the dramatic shift in President Kennedy’s thinking after he had endured the Cuban Missile Crisis. Speaking 56 years ago about U.S. relations with the Soviet Union in his American University Address, Kennedy’s insights are today ever more relevant regarding U.S.-Russia relations and the inescapable reality of our species’ oneness: “...in the final analysis, our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children’s futures. And we are all mortal.” President John F. Kennedy 10 June 1963 Today also marks the inauguration of ratical earth journal (REJ), chronicling key incoherence indicators of our life out of balance that calls for another way of living—including nuclear contamination of the biosphere and global overheat—requiring transformational adaption through our single human family’s collective creativity, imagination, intuition, and intelligence. In addition, focus celebrates exercising our intelligence with clarity and coherence. breakdown = Strange Fruit of Capitalism’s Invisible Army: A Heritage of Stone breakthru = Shifting from Domination to Partnership via eXtinction Rebellion In concert with its creation of Capitalism’s Invisible Army, LAWCAP’s decision at the close of the 1940s to start World War III in order to keep capitalism in business resulted in our illegitimate corporate state both being wedded to denial of increasing global overheat, one of the vilest deceptions in history, and our unaccountable U.S. Intelligence Police operating beyond the strictures of law, as formal federal policy, by daily committing several hundred crimes including terrorism, assassination, torture, and systematic violations of human rights. A primary root of this mind-bending criminal government lawlessness is a direct result and outgrowth of the assassination of President Kennedy by key elements within our Intelligence Police. Our law-breaking, illegitimate government continues to exponentially expand its death operations via policies carried out by CIA and Pentagon-based funding. For our species to survive this evolutionary moment, it is imperative to accelerate the shift from this collapsing dominator system to one based on partnership. As co-creators of our own evolution, we can choose the alternative of breakthrough rather than breakdown. Willful U.S. criminal inaction on the ecological crisis threatening Life Security throughout Mother Earth requires non-violent rebellion to change course away from the dead-end future of a mass extinction event while determining what options still exist to be acted upon in the face of this unfolding crisis era of ecological emergency we are by day sinking evermore deeply into. The requirement for this regenerative process of collective involvement in a truly democratic dynamic to determine best strategies to deal with and respond to the climate and ecological emergency becoming evermore dire can be a driver and catalyst for accelerating the shift from domination to partnership. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Losing Earth? Realign with Original Free Peoples’ Great Law and Find Her Again 18 November 2018 The law prevails, what we call the Great Law, the common law, the natural law. The law says if you poison your water, you’ll die. The law says that if you poison the air, you’ll suffer. The law says if you degrade where you live, you’ll suffer. The law says all of this. If you don’t learn that then you can only suffer. There’s no discussion with this law. —Oren Lyons, Faithkeeper, Chief, Onondaga, 1991 Indigenous peoples offer possibilities for life after empire, possibilities that neither erase the crimes of colonialism nor require the disappearance of the original peoples colonized under the guise of including them as individuals. —Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, 2014 This work is about the liberation of our nations and peoples from the behavioral patterns and language system of domination. It is about restoration and healing for our nations and peoples based on our love of and spiritual connection to the land, our languages, our sacred and ceremonial places, and our original free and independent existence as nations extending back before a Western notion of time. —Steven Newcomb, 2018 We are a part of the memories of evolution These memories carry knowledge These memories carry our identity Beneath race, gender, class, age Beneath citizen, business, state, religion We are human beings And these memories Are trying to remind us Human beings, human beings It’s time to rise up Remember who we are —John Trudell, 2001 A fundamental blindspot in U.S. society revolves around the question: Where did all this land we call the United States come from? The ongoing legacy of denial of how what is today called the United States came to be and how that has played out over 400-plus years into the 21st century postpones life -nurturing and -respecting timelines from manifesting. Extraordinary possibilities exist for life after empire, provided we as the inheritors of the Empire Domination Model of Christianity are willing to redeem the consequences of the past evermore becoming present. Genocide, dispossession, colonization, forms the core of U.S. history, the very source of the country’s existence. Will it be the future as well? The choice is ours. An analysis of the steadfast denial of the actual foundations and development of U.S. society and culture is explored here with regard to the catastrophic, accelerating changes to Earth’s climate reaching critical mass in recent decades. The way forward requires reestablishing adherence to the Great Law, of reawakening to the spiritual reality of Earth, of Life itself, and throughout the seasons conducting ceremonies of thanksgiving for the Life-giving energies Earth bestows upon all of Creation. Toward a Paradigm Change for Mother Earth Understanding the Empire Domination Model of Christianity: A Way of Liberation Steven Newcomb Delivers Keynote on Original Free Nations and Peoples Spotlight of Indigenous Peoples Plenary, 2015 Parliament of the World’s Religions, 19 Oct 2015 I want to acknowledge the ancestors who have loved the land through ceremonial conduct and prayers, based on their insight about the need for sacred relations with Mother Earth, with pristine Waters, and with Life in all its forms and manifestations. I want to acknowledge the original free and independent existence of our Nations and Peoples extending back to the beginning of time through our oral histories and our oral traditions. Yesterday I listened with interest to the plenary session on climate change. It occurred to me that working on climate change without working on Paradigm Change would be a grave mistake. We need a mental and behavioral shift away from the prevailing paradigm of domination, dehumanization, and greed, the symptoms of which are everywhere on planet Earth, our Mother. More than five centuries ago, various popes in Rome, on behalf of Christendom, unleashed the paradigm I’m talking about. It may surprise you to learn that the Empire Domination Model of Christianity was woven by jurists into the laws and policies of the United States, and into the laws and policies of many other countries, such as Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. That hidden code of Christian Empire has worked for more than five centuries toward the dissolution of our Original Nations and Peoples here on Great Turtle Island and Abya Yala to the south.... We invite you to walk with us on the Sacred Path, in honor of the first principle of our Original Nations: “Respect the Earth as our Mother and have a Sacred Regard for All Living Things.” End the domination. All Our Relations. Wanishi. Oren Lyons: On The Indigenous View of the World Interview conducted by Leila Conners for The 11th Hour Research Tapes (2006) We always said that we have been told and understand that we’re relatives. Where our white brother will talk about water and trees and animals and fish as resources we talk about them as relatives. That’s a whole different perspective. If you think that they’re relatives and you understand that then you’re going to treat them differently. [The Peacemaker] said that this Tree of Peace is a spiritual law and represents a spiritual law and the spiritual law is the law of Nature. He told us explicitly, Never challenge this law because you cannot prevail. You will not prevail; wrap your laws, your rules, and your conduct. He said, You, the leaders, when you’re weak as a human being, he said, this tree will give your spine strength. Wrap yourself around this tree because it’s powerful. Do not challenge the laws of Nature because you cannot, you will not, prevail. There’s a great imbalance of humanity on this Earth and the natural laws don’t abide that. Just the quality of life that comes from all the beings that are here, they’ll be denied our grandchildren. We’re destroying their well-being. We’re really destroying the efforts that they can put forward if they have the respect and knowledge. This style of talking and observation, they tell me, it’s not realistic in today’s times. I suppose not if you’re thinking in terms of Wall Street and you’re thinking in terms of power and authority. But in the long run it is absolutely the law. Mother Earth has laws and rules and one of them is balance. She will keep the balance regardless. If an element is out of balance, like the population of human beings on this Earth, She will balance it. How She does that we may not like. Most likely it’ll come with disease and this will be very democratic. It will go across people’s lives. It will go across leaders. It will go across everything because really there’s no mercy in Nature. There’s only the law and the rule. I think that’s where we fail and we’re way, way away from that. This world has to understand the importance of sharing. I know that in the structure of the United States it’s very contrary to that as people are not instructed to share. They’re instructed to gain. They’re instructed to hold to themselves. They’re instructed to gather unto themselves. And they’re rewarded for that. So you have an instruction that’s contrary, very contrary, to this whole concept, if indeed this is what you think is right. But this, I’m simply telling you what our instructions are. Operating under this, I’ve traveled to Indian Nations across North America and Central America. I’m invited to the ceremonies and I always know what’s going on. I may not understand the language and the dances may be different. But I know what is being said. It’s always the same: Thanksgiving to the Creation. Thanksgiving to the life-giving forces of the Earth. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Taking Back Our History – A Key Element in The Big Picture 27 July 2018 William Pepper: The magistrate, in his own report, admits that Sirhan was in front of Bob Kennedy; in front of him. Proving our case that Sirhan could not possibly have shot Bob from the rear. The evidence is there. Anyone wants to see it, anyone who wants to look at it, they can. We urge everyone to do that. The question is how long will they be allowed to cover this up? Will it be covered up throughout all of history? That’s really what the goal is.... These two political assassinations have determined the course of history like no other in our lifetime, indeed perhaps in the history of this Republic.... Political assassinations have existed throughout all of the history of human society. It’s an ultimate tactic that is used when you cannot co-opt, compromise, or control in some way a leader or an emerging dissenting force. The ultimate way of stopping that individual, of course, is through assassination. In the ’60s we saw four of those. Jim Douglass: Martin Luther King had a vision for Humanity: the Beloved Community of a just and peaceful global society and he was prepared to move toward that as he said in his CBC lectures in 1967 where he articulated his final vision. It was published as a book after his death, The Trumpet of Conscience. He said he was hoping to bring whole cities to a halt, beginning with Washington D.C., through massive nonviolent civil disobedience until poverty could be eliminated from not only the United States but from other parts of the world and war and injustice. He had a big vision. That was really the beginning of my investigation. The impact that King’s assassination had on my life and the recognition that his vision, a hopeful, a nonviolent, a redemptive vision for all of humanity, it went to the point where the powers that be were not going to allow it to be carried out. That’s why we should be demanding that the truth be recognized and spoken. This One’s For John – Hidden History Center Upgrade 21 June 2018 “Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said there are three pillars that hold up the current system of domestic oppression: poverty, racism and militarism. In order to have real democracy, economic justice, peace and a unified society, we have to both envision our own liberation in our time and take back our history, power and moral integrity. “The reason Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. King were both loved and hated, both followed and murdered had to do with their use of “satygraha” or truth force and “ahimsa” or nonviolent harmlessness. These powerful tools moved them outside the control game that has secured privilege for a few over millenia.” —John Judge, September 1, 2001 This is an invitation to rededicate ourselves to envision our own liberation and take back our history, power, and moral integrity. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Help STOP Nuclear War Before It’s Too Late We all have a part to play 4 April 2018 “Never have the nations of the world had so much to lose, or so much to gain. Together we shall save our planet, or together we shall perish in its flames. Save it we can—and save it we must—and then shall we earn the eternal thanks of mankind and, as peacemakers, the eternal blessing of God.” —President John F. Kennedy, UN General Assembly, 25 Sep 1961 The increasing likelihood of nuclear war—not by miscalculation nor by accident, but by the collective madness of people leading and promoting the U.S. war machine, in concert with mainstream media malpractice—is THE supreme threat to all life on Earth. 50 years ago today the ultimate sacrifice was made by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., one of the 20th century’s greatest peacemakers. King gave his life championing the world’s poor by opposing the greatest purveyor of violence on Earth—his own government. Calls for “honoring Dr. King” betray his life’s purpose if they do not steadfastly sound the alarm that the push by the West for war with Russia, which is a mass extinction event waiting to happen. Nuclear Weapons - The Ultimate Evil Time’s Up to Kick The Habit “Nine nations still threaten to incinerate entire cities, to destroy life on earth, to make our beautiful world uninhabitable for future generations. The development of nuclear weapons signifies not a country’s elevation to greatness, but its descent to the darkest depths of depravity. These weapons are not a necessary evil; they are the ultimate evil.” —Setsuko Thurlow, Hiroshima survivor, speaking 10 Dec 2017 on behalf of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, recipient of the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize The Ultimate Necessityof an International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons Eli Martin Schotz, M.D., February 2018 “Any talk today of preventing a nuclear war misses the point that we are actually in a nuclear war right now. The question is not how can we prevent a nuclear war, but how will the nuclear war end? Will it end with the weapons abolishing mankind, or will mankind end this war by abolishing nuclear weapons? Just as war is a process, so is peace. Peace is a process of educating people about nuclear war, helping them organize against this war.” Back from the Brink ~ The Call to Prevent Nuclear War We call on the United States to lead a global effort to prevent nuclear war by: • renouncing the option of using nuclear weapons first • ending the sole, unchecked authority of any President to launch a nuclear attack • taking US nuclear weapons off hair-trigger alert • cancelling the plan to replace its entire arsenal with enhanced weapons • actively pursuing a verifiable agreement among nuclear armed states to eliminate their nuclear arsenals Back from the Brink ~ Critical Analysis, Resources, Updates welcome to rat haus reality enter the site The Truth of The Children of Vietnam: A Way of Liberation How Will We Challenge Militarism, Racism, and Extreme Materialism? “The Children of Vietnam” provides an instance of truth force that is needed more than ever to counter the fragmentation and doublethink being amplified by the demands of capital and its accumulation. Because, tragically and horrifically, what the United States caused to happen in Vietnam has not stopped. It continues to this day, magnified on a global scale within numerous theatres of U.S. military and covert operations including in Iraq, in Afghanistan, in Yemen. In denouncing the U.S. war in Vietnam at Riverside Church in 1967 Martin King posed the question on behalf of Vietnamese peasants: “What do they think as we test out our latest weapons on them, just as the Germans tested out new medicine and new tortures in the concentration camps of Europe?” And this was a war that ended up being broadcast on nightly news television in the United States as it became evermore hellish in its results. Said King at Riverside, “When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights, are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered.” His voice, love, compassion, and intelligence are as searingly relevant right now, half a century later, as in 1967. the heart of the matter: Why President Kennedy Was Assassinated Concerning the extra-constitutional firing of the 35th President, the following is proffered as an antidote to the specific set of illusions and—beginning with the Warren Commission’s Report—conspiracy theories presented by state actors, universities, and the media which promote a fabricated representation of reality through omission, distortion, falsehood, lack of contextual analysis, and disinforming opinion stated as obvious, incontestable fact. The essence of the cover-up is that there is a mystery to debate. There is no mystery. Anyone willing to look can see clearly who killed President Kennedy and why. The WHY of the assassination is the key to the crime and its cover-up. We can know why President Kennedy was assassinated. With this understanding and knowledge we can navigate the turbulent waters surrounding us today with a profoundly informed and deeply rooted sense of the meaning and purpose of our own lives in this irreducible present moment—the only moment we ever have. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Marking 16 Years of the US Global War Of Terror Guy Debord: In 1967, in a book entitled The Society of the Spectacle, I showed what the modern spectacle was already in essence: the autocratic reign of the market economy, which had acceded to an irresponsible sovereignty, and the totality of new techniques of government that accompanied this reign.... Spectacular domination’s first priority was to eradicate historical knowledge in general; beginning with just about all rational information and commentary on the most recent past.... With the destruction of history, contemporary events themselves retreat into a remote and fabulous realm of unverifiable stories, uncheckable statistics, unlikely explanations and untenable reasoning.... All experts serve the state and the media and only in that way do they achieve their status. Every expert follows his master, for all former possibilities for independence have been gradually reduced to nil by present society’s mode of organization. The most useful expert, of course, is the one who can lie. With their different motives, those who need experts are falsifiers and fools. Whenever individuals lose the capacity to see things for themselves, the expert is there to offer an absolute reassurance.... Such a perfect democracy constructs its own inconceivable foe, terrorism. Its wish is to be judged by its enemies rather than by its results. The story of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive. The spectators must certainly never know everything about terrorism, but they must always know enough to convince them that, compared with terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational and democratic. — Comments on the Society of the Spectacle, 1988 COLD WAR: THE NEXT GENERATION “It is a sobering thought that better evidence is required to prosecute a shoplifter than is needed to commence a world war.” —Anthony Scrivener QC, The Times, 5 Oct 2001 “It is different than the Gulf War was, in the sense that it may never end. At least, not in our lifetime.” —Dick Cheney, 21 Oct 2001 Legend has it the Cold War was closed out in 1991. 10 years later, its Next Generation spawn was inaugurated. 16+ years into this war that will not end “in our lifetime”, it is our moral responsibility to reveal its covert and overt roots and, in doing so, end it given that it is being done in our name every single day. “Your loyalty belongs to the human race and not to a flag, not to a country that’s supposedly under attack from some mystical force that’s out there that you can’t even identify—I mean, these terrorists, the way they’re presented to us, it’s as if they dropped in from outer space. All you know about them is that they hate you and they want to kill you. You can’t negotiate with them. You can’t talk to them. You can’t understand them. All you can do is kill them. And you got to kill every last one except, you never know.... It’s like the pod people, you know, maybe it’s spread to somebody else and then you’ve got to start killing them.” —John Judge, 21 Feb 2005 Ed Curtin: Why I Don’t Speak of 9/11 Anymore, Sep 2016 The Lies of 9/11 Miracle Workers - Review of Bush And Cheney: How They Ruined America And The World, 27 Aug 2017 Graeme MacQueen: Beyond Their Wildest Dreams: Sep 11 and the US Left, 13 Mar 2017 Sep 11: The Pentagon’s B-Movie, 31 Aug 2017 John Judge: September 11 Omission Report, 9 Sep 2004 Historical Framework: Deep Politics & Covert Operations, 9 Sep 2004 Antidote to September 11 – Exercising Our Imagination: September 11 Critical Analysis, 16 Feb 2002 What the 9/11 Commission Didn’t Report, 21 Feb 2005 John Judge was an unparalleled historian of the US National Security State. An exemplar earthling, his loyalty was to the human race, not to a flag or a country. Michael Hudson on Junk Economicsand Debt Cancellation, Apr 2017 “How a society defines economic terms and relationships will determine who controls it.” I wanted to see how the economy worked [so in the 1960s] I went to work for banks on Wall Street as a statistician. I became Chase Manhattan’s balance of payments economist. I wanted to find out what is the deficit stemming from? The entire balance of payments deficit in the 1960s when I was working there came from the military spending abroad. So I found out it was really the Vietnam War and allied military spending. I’ve been spending much of my effort for the last 30 years trying to see how the ancient near east and classical antiquity and medieval Europe all solved their debt crises, basically writing a history of debt crisis showing that every economy has had to cancel the debt. So you could say all my work in economics since the 1960s, more than 50 years, is spent on seeing how society handles its debt crisis. The industrial economy in America is essentially being emptied out in order to pay the stockowners and about 75 percent of stocks are owned by the richest 5 percent of the population. So if you look at who owns the stock, it’s not the working class, it’s not the middle class, it’s the super rich. The super rich are saying, We’re willing to use all the corporate income to run it down. Basically, the 5 percent have decided that industrial capitalism is over and it’s time to take the money and run. And you take the money and run by just paying out all the income, just to yourselves, leaving the corporation an empty shell. That’s how the Chicago Boys introduced free markets into Chile after 1974 when Pinochet took over from Allende. It’s the neoliberal model. It’s what happened in Russia after the neoliberals convinced Russia to go along. It’s what’s happening in Greece when you’re just emptying out the economy to pay the bond holders. It’s economic shrinkage. The trick is to get the middle class and the working class to think the stock market is them when the stock market isn’t themselves at all. It’s the five percent. Greece is the future of where America is going now under the policies of Clinton and Obama and Trump. Either you’re going to have barbarism or you’re going to have a renovation of the economy which means the debt write-down, anti-monopoly legislation, and prosecution of crooks. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site May 29, 2017 PHOTO: GENE SMIRNOV False Mystery: Essays on the JFK Assassination by Vincent J. Salandria After more than a half century, the historical truth of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy has been finally established beyond rational dispute. The Kennedy assassination is a false mystery. It was conceived by the conspirators to be a false mystery which was designed to cause interminable debate. The purpose of the protracted debate was to obscure what was quite clearly and plainly a coup d’état. Simply stated, President Kennedy was assassinated by our U.S. national security state in order to abort his efforts to bring the Cold War to a peaceful conclusion. —Vincent Salandria, 2016 Released on the 100th anniversary of the birth of John Fitzgerald Kennedy, this an expanded 2017 digital edition. 50 Years Ago: Riverside Church and MLK’s Final Year of Experiments With Truth by David T. Ratcliffe Dr. William Francis Pepper, Esq: Martin Luther King was much more than a civil rights leader and that’s what no one in official capacity wants you to know. He had become effectively a world-figure in terms of human rights people and particularly the poor of this earth. That’s where he was going. That’s the area you don’t really get into safely when you start talking about redistributing wealth. Diverting huge sums of money into social welfare programs and health programs and educational programs at the grass roots. When you start going into that you begin to tread on toes in this country, in the United Kingdom, and in most of the western world. When you start associating with the poor of this planet and the exploitation of what’s happened to whole cultures and tribal cultures in Africa in particular, and you see the results of the exploitation of western colonial powers and when you want to see a movement to not only arrest that process which still goes forward today under different guises but to actually reverse it and to give an opportunity for people to control their destinies and their own natural wealth, that’s dangerous ground to get on. King was committed, increasingly, to that kind of political view. He wept in India as early as ’60, ’61 when he was there. He had never seen such poverty in such a massive scale. ‘How can people live like this?’ There’s a lot of people live that like this. Why do people live like this? Most of America doesn’t see that. We are a residentially segregated society forever. King saw that, wanted to bridge it and the solutions were too radical, too potentially dangerous. Jefferson was an idol of his. With all of Jefferson’s foibles, remember he said, ‘You need a revolution every 20 years. You need to sweep the room clean every 20 years,’ said Mr. Jefferson. You need that revolution. King believed that as well. Needed: A Martin Luther King Day of Truth William F. Pepper, 21 June 2016 [T]he assassination of Martin King, and all of the other assassinations in the sixties...have to be seen in a historical context. You have to go back effectively, to the compelled death of Socrates, work through Caesar, all the way down and you will see whenever a ruling structure cannot control an errant leader, if they can’t control him in one way or another, ultimately they assassinate him. That has happened throughout history. Americans don’t understand that, so they look upon, as a kind of anomaly...the assassinations in the United States in the sixties, and they’re not. They are a part of a historical process and must be viewed that way. Martin King had to be stopped. The only way to stop him ultimately was to assassinate him and that’s what they did. —Dr. William F. Pepper, Esq., on release of his book, The Plot To Kill King, 21 Jun 2016 by Ed Curtin: A Day of Service is a Disservice to the Truth of MLK’s Life, Death, and Witness, 14 Jan 2017 The Government that Honors Dr. Martin Luther King with a National Holiday Killed Him, 10 Dec 2016 by Joseph E Green: The MLK 10-Point Program, 2013 William F. Pepper with Martin Luther King, 1967 In his “Little Essays of Love and Virtue” Havelock Ellis, writing in 1922, during another period of heralded American prosperity, and perhaps sensing what lay ahead as there would be only seven years before economic disaster struck, said: “all civilisation has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution”. This was, of course, the fear in 1967 and 1968. Martin Luther King Jr was, for the transnational corporations, public enemy number one. He stood in the way of their inexorable consolidation of power. If he had played along as have many of his peers before and after, he would likely be with us today, a wealthy and honored man, a pillar of the state. But he did not choose to play that game and as we have seen the might of the steward state was brought to bear upon him, and to this day the pillars of the American Republic continue to be supported by the same foundation stones of lies and greed which he was determined to crumble to dust and replace. —William F. Pepper, An Act of State: The Execution of Martin Luther King, p.267. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site John Judge, Leading Change: A Transformational, Quiet Servant Leader 2012 Case Study by Cynthia McKinney I decided that because of the brilliance and the dedication of this gentleman, that in my own PhD leadership studies I would write a paper on him and the type of leadership that he demonstrates.... John Judge is perhaps one of the most important unknown historians of our generation. Proposed Pipelines In Tribal Homelands From Aaron Carapella, Indigenous Cartographer Extraordinaire: 2 Dec 2016: I have been working on this map for months. It is a gift to the community. You can download your free PDF of this map HERE and use it for digital presentations or to print your own copy. You can also purchase it from me in a poster format. If any modifications need to be made, please don’t hesitate to let me know. We need to think about our Mother Earth and Tribal rights before building pipelines. File type: PDF; resolution: 3456 x 3960 points; size: 161 MB; page size: 48" x 55" 360 degree view span Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum Montreal Declaration for a Nuclear-Fission-Free World As citizens of this planet inspired by the Second Thematic World Social Forum for a Nuclear-Fission-Free World, conducted in Montreal from August 8 to August 12, 2016, we are collectively calling for a mobilization of civil society around the world to bring about the elimination of all nuclear weapons, to put an end to the continued mass-production of all high-level nuclear wastes by phasing out all nuclear reactors, and to bring to a halt all uranium mining worldwide. — Includes Ongoing News and Developments — Fukushima Dai-ichi Melted Down Reactor Units 3 and 4, Mar 24, 2011 welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Palestine is Still the Issue by Israeli Historian Ilan Pappé Lawrence Wilkerson, highest ranking US foreign policy whistle blower to date, on: Israeli Influence on U.S. Foreign Policy Dr. Martin Luther King’s 1967 Anti-War Speech And Today adapted by E. Martin Schotz 20 June 2016 Welcome to the Front Door of ratical.org September 2015 marks the 20th anniversary of this publication library. Four 2015 essays express two primary interests of this project: 1. Keep the Balance - John Trudell’s understanding of What It Means To Be A Human Being 2. Increasing Consciousness - Outgrowing Our US Exceptionalism Myth by facing US Settler Colonialism 3. An Expanding Light to Dispel the Darkness: A New Movement to Ban Nuclear Weapons 4. Dr. John W. Gofman: His Life, and Research on the Health Effects of Exposure to Ionizing Radiation Dr. John W. Gofman His Life, and Research on the Health Effects of Exposure to Ionizing Radiation Dr. Gofman did more than most other medical scientists to warn people about the health effects and dangers of exposure to low dose radiation. He earned a Ph.D. in Nuclear/Physical Chemistry at UC Berkeley in 1943 where his graduate advisor was Glenn Seaborg. He co-discovered Uranium 232 and 233 and was the leader of the Plutonium Group at UCB for the Manhattan Project, where he produced the first 1.2 milligrams of plutonium for J. Robert Oppenheimer. He went on to receive his M.D. degree from UCSF in 1946. He successfully identified high density and low density lipoproteins and made a number of other major discoveries involving cholesterol, coronary heart disease, arteriosclerosis, and especially cancer. In 1963 he was asked by the Atomic Energy Commission to establish and become the first Director of the Biomedical Research Division at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory to study the “Implications of All Nuclear Energy Programs Upon Man in the Biosphere.” In 1969 he and his colleague Dr. Arthur Tamplin publicly concluded that the dangers of exposure to low-level ionizing radiation were much greater than previously acknowledged and that there was no evidence of a risk-free dose of radiation. By 1973 the US government had de-funded Gofman’s Livermore lab research on chromosomes and cancer. He returned to teaching full-time at UCB and chose an early and active “retirement” in 1974 as Professor Emeritus of Molecular and Cell Biology, devoting the next 30 years to pro-bono research into human health-effects from radiation. Dr. Gofman produced a wealth of published works that have increased understanding and awareness of the biological hazards of low-level ionizing radiation and was a vital voice of intelligence and clarity calling for the cessation of further nuclear pollution of Grandmother Earth. welcome to rat haus reality enter the site August 2015: 70 years ago, nuclear weapons made extinction of all Life on Earth possible. That prospective reality never went away and its chances keep increasing. If we do not abolish nuclear weapons they will surely abolish us. Announcing a library set of materials from the Feb 28-Mar 1 Helen Caldicott Foundation’s Symposium: The Dynamics of Possible Nuclear Extinction Find within Symposium background, complete transcripts of 8 speakers, mp3s of all speakers + Q&As, other educational materials, and means to engage with people working to abolish nuclear weapons. It is the non-nuclear-weapon states on whom we must depend to drive a process to ban nuclear weapons, to stigmatize them, to make them socially and politically unacceptable, to make it harder for nations to get away with possessing and upgrading them, and to help the nuclear-weapon states overcome this awful, debilitating addiction. This flips the traditional arms-control approach on its head. The humanitarian initiative is about empowering and mobilizing the rest of the world to say “enough.” It is about shifting the debate from “acceptable,” “safe” numbers of nuclear warheads to their fundamental inhumanity and incompatibility with basic standards of civilized behaviour. It is about taking away from the nuclear-armed states the power to dictate the terms of the debate and to set the agenda—and refusing to perpetuate their exceptionalism. —Tim Wright, “A New Movement to Ban Nuclear Weapons” From: Chris Jordan photographic arts: “Edge-walking the lines between beauty and horror, abstraction and representation, the near and the far, the visible and the invisible, Jordan’s images confront the enormous power of humanity’s collective will.” E Pluribus Unum depicts the names of one million organizations around the world that are devoted to peace, environmental stewardship, social justice, and the preservation of diverse and indigenous culture. The actual number of such organizations is unknown, but estimates range between one and two million, and growing. While there are a wealth of disturbing facts visualized by Jordan, still, as with all the eternal opposites, forever joined like two sides of a coin, there is also the “enormous power of humanity’s collective will” to understand and be informed by. This power is what we must ALL engage, direct, and focus, to close the book on the possibility of nuclear annihilation for the sake of the children, all we share Earth with, and all yet to be born and live out their lives here long, long, long after we are gone. E Pluribus Unum, 2010 24x24 feet, laser etched onto aluminum panels welcome to rat haus reality enter the site The Historical Arc, Past and Present, of United States Settler Colonialism Colonization, Dispossession, Genocide Forms the Core of US History, the Very Source of the Country’s Existence Will It Be The Future As Well? The Choice Is Ours The History of the United States is a History of Settler Colonialism Driven by Land Theft & Genocide Outgrowing the US Theology of Progress “Let all that is Indian within you die.” —Carlisle Indian School commencement speech watch complete film documentary online while you can SCHOOLING THE WORLD THE WHITE MAN’S LAST BURDEN If you wanted to change an ancient culture in a generation, how would you do it? You would change the way it educates its children. schoolingtheworld.org click on an image to see hi res and read about it “To civilize the Indians...immerse them in our civilization... and when we get them under...hold them there until they are thoroughly soaked.” —General Richard Pratt, founder of the Carlisle Indian School “Real freedom will come only when we free ourselves of the domination of Western education, Western culture, and the Western way of living.” —Mahatma Gandhi “THE AMERICAN FLAG HAS NOT BEEN PLANTED IN FOREIGN SOIL TO ACQUIRE TERRITORY BUT FOR HUMANITY’S SAKE.” William McKinley campaign poster, July 2, 1900 Exponentially Inspired Playing The 2014-15 Louisville Leopard Percussionists (4th-6th graders) rehearsing Kashmir, The Ocean, and Immigrant Song by Led Zeppelin. The Louisville Leopard Percussionists began in 1993. They are a performing ensemble of approximately 55 student musicians, ages 7-12, living in and around Louisville, Kentucky. Each student learns and acquires proficiency on several instruments, such as marimbas, xylophone, vibraphone, drum set, timbales, congas, bongos and piano. The Louisville Leopard Percussionists is a non-profit organization offering extracurricular music opportunities to local children at little or no cost. Please help them keep their program going by donating at http://bit.ly/louleopardsdonate. Led Zeppelin from the 10 December 2007 Celebration Day recording of Kashmir Accountability? We don't need no steenkeen accountability! Satirists of the brilliance expressed by Mike Luckovich (Atlanta Journal-Constitution “cartoonist”) tower above the pedestrian level of puerile infotainment pundit-commentators, providing incisive critical analysis of actual reality transpiring on the world scene. It was refreshing to see Mike’s March 27 “Forebears” printed as the daily cartoon in Friday’s Boston Globe Opinion Section. John Judge (rest in peace) liked to point out how, ‘You don’t need to read the news – you can get a much more accurate depiction of world events by simply reading the cartoons!’ “In the frontier wars between 1607 and 1814, Americans forged two elements – unlimited war and irregular war – into their first way of war which is still their way of war. I make throughout the book, connections between the U.S. military today and its foundation in these unrelenting wars that actually went up through 1890 and then moved overseas to the Philippines and the Caribbean with the same generals in the Philippines who had been fighting the Sioux and the Cheyenne in the Northern Plains.” —Roxanne Dunbar-Ortiz, speaking at the Green Apple used bookstore in San Francisco, December 4, 2014, on her new book, An Indigenous Peoples’ History of the United States, published in September 2014 by Beacon Press. (The recording of this, Part One (from 14:43 to 15:31) of Two is available from Time of Useful Consciousness Radio). From the Author’s Note (page xiii): “I’ve come to realize that a new periodization of US history is needed that traces the Indigenous experience as opposed to the following standard division: Colonial, Revolutionary, Jacksonian, Civil War and Reconstruction, Industrial Revolution and Gilded Age, Overseas Imperialism, Progressivism, World War I, Depression, New Deal, World War II, Cold War, and Vietnam War, followed by contemporary decades. I altered this periodization to better reflect Indigenous experience but not as radically as needs to be done. This is an issue much discussed in current Native American scholarship. “I also wanted to set aside the rhetoric of race, not because race and racism are unimportant but to emphasize that Native peoples were colonized and deposed of their territories as distinct peoples - hundreds of nations - not as a racial or ethnic group. "Colonization," "dispossession," "settler colonialism," "genocide" - these are the terms that drill to the core of US history, to the very source of the country’s existence. “The charge of genocide, once unacceptable by establishment academic and political classes when applied to the United States, has gained currency as evidence of it has mounted, but it is too often accompanied by an assumption of disappearance. So I realized it was crucial to make the reality and significance of Indigenous peoples’ survival clear throughout the book. Indigenous survival as peoples is due to centuries of resistance and storytelling passed through the generations, and I sought to demonstrate that this survival is dynamic, not passive. Surviving genocide, by whatever means, is resistance: non-Indians must know this in order to more accurately understand the history of the United States. “My hope is that this book will be a springboard to dialogue about history, the present reality of Indigenous peoples’ experience, and the meaning and future of the United States itself.” welcome to rat haus reality enter the site Time of Useful Consciousness Radio p r e s e n t s How the West Caused the Crisis in Ukraine Part ONE: John Mearsheimer Summary: On January 10, 2015 Evanston Neighbors for Peace organized an event with two eminent speakers, John Mearsheimer, Professor at the University of Chicago and Rick Rozoff the foremost investigator of NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. In part one Prof. Mearsheimer spoke about the origins of the crisis and how to avert the ever heightening risk of war between the United States and Russia. He gave an update of his acclaimed article in the magazine Foreign Affairs: “Why the Ukraine Crisis Is the West’s Fault.” John Mearsheimer is Professor of Political Science and the co-director of the Program on International Security Policy at the University of Chicago. Part TWO: Rick Rozoff It is widely acknowledged that the expansion eastward of NATO is a major provocation of Russia and a huge and under-reported factor in the origins and the conduct of the war in Ukraine. Few investigative journalists follow the day to day politics of NATO - that are directed largely by the US - as closely as Rick Rozoff. He is the manager of Stop NATO International and has been an active opponent of war, militarism and intervention for over 40 years. He writes on the threat of international militarization and the globalization of NATO. Part THREE: John Mearsheimer - Question & Answer This is an urgent appeal to pay attention to the crisis in Ukraine where the two largest nuclear powers, the US and Russia are in direct and escalating confrontation. Mearsheimer states emphatically that in the prevailing wisdom in the West, the Ukraine crisis is blamed almost entirely on Russian aggression. But this account is wrong says Mearsheimer: The United States and its European allies share most of the responsibility for the crisis. Questions in this Q & A period range from who engineered the February 2014 Coup in Ukraine, to what role the Neo-Nazis play. Credits: Thanks to Dale Lehman, WZRD Chicago, for the recording Imagine running out of imagine Mistaking authority for power Weaving lifes free spirit Into patterns of control —John Trudell, “Iktomi,” Lines from a Mined Mind, p.259 find out about the complete 2014 documentary: Alive Inside - The Story of Music & Memory Dan Cohen, founder of the nonprofit organization Music & Memory, confronts a broken healthcare system to demonstrate music’s ability to combat memory loss and restore a deep sense of self to those suffering from it. The political system we find ourselves navigating our lives within cannot make life healthier because all such agendas as so-called health care are based on profit, not human needs. 8 December 2014 Fifteenth Anniversary of Verdict in the Martin Luther King Murder Trial THE Trial of the 20th Century Fifteen years ago today the jury reached its verdict in the only trial ever held for the murder of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The trial was conducted in the Circuit Court of Shelby County, Memphis, Tennessee. It began on November 15 and lasted fourteen days. The Plaintiffs were Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King, III, Bernice King, Dexter Scott King and Yolanda King. The Defendants were Loyd Jowers and Other Unknown Conspirators. This is the most important trial of the 20th century, and yet most people have never heard of it. A complete hypertext transcript of the trial is available here on rat haus reality. A good place to start reading this document are the Closing Statements in Volume 14. The King Family Press Conference held the day after the trial is another starting point. Other than the courtroom participants, only Memphis TV reporter Wendell Stacy and Jim Douglass attended that historic trial from beginning to end. Douglass’ article, “The Martin Luther King Conspiracy Exposed in Memphis,” published in Probe Magazine in Spring 2000, is an excellent introduction. See also Douglass Valentine’s “Who Killed Martin Luther King?” and “Deconstructing Kowalski,” as well as William Pepper’s talk at the Modern Times Bookstore on the release of his book, An Act of State - The Execution of Martin Luther King (Verso, 2003). welcome to rat haus reality enter the site John Judge (1947-2014) alternate historian, renowned researcher, educator, investigator, advocate for real democracy Remarks delivered at the Celebration of the Life of John Patrick Judge National Press Club, Washington DC, 31 May 2014 A Remembrance by David Ratcliife Countering Military Recruitment by Pat Elder Randy Benson’s video archive dedication of John’s life’s work: Judge For Yourself back online: Worldwatchers Archive A Tribute To Mae Brussell an exemplar and the most prolific anti-fascist political researcher of the latter half of the 20th Century. “Our weapons dictate what we are to do. They force us into awful corners. They give us our living, they sustain our economy, they bolster up our politicians, they sell our mass media, in short we live by them. But if they continue to rule us we will also most surely die by them.” Thomas Merton, Cold War Letters (Maryknoll, N.Y.: Orbis Books, 2006), p. 65. Trying Not To Give Peace A Chance: (The Ukraine in 50 Years of Context) by Ray McGovern, Consortiumnews, 20 Apr 2014 10 JUNE 1963 The Real Jubilee JFK American University Address: Calling For An End To The Cold War 10 June 2013: Fifty years ago President Kennedy gave the commencement address to the graduating class at American University. In his book, The Improbable Triumvirate: John F. Kennedy, Pope John, Nikita Khrushchev, Saturday Review editor Norman Cousins summed up the significance of that remarkable speech: “At American University on June 10, 1963, President Kennedy proposed an end to the Cold War.” Khrushchev called the American University Address “the greatest speech by any American President since Roosevelt.” This is the real jubilee of 2013, not 22 November. See Also: Transformational Journey: John F. Kennedy’s Turning Toward Peace Learn About Project Unspeakable: What do the ‘Unspeakable’ 1960s assassinations of JFK, Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, and Bobby Kennedy have to do with the ‘Unspeakables’ of today? An opportunity to join with truth-telling. ‘Project Unspeakable’ Asks The Big Questions, NPR, 30 Nov 2013 (05:33 mins) welcome to rat haus reality enter the site We Are All One Family “ Y ou Can Jail The Resisters But Not The Resistance” by Leonard Eiger, Ground Zero Center For Nonviolent Action, 21 Feb 2014 “We are truly human when we act responsibly to restore harmony and act with love and compassion to restore truth, transparency and the equitable distribution of the resources endowed by our common Creator.” —Sister Megan Rice “We were fulfilling our right and duty according to the US-signed Nuremberg Charter that if one knows of one’s government committing a war crime, one has a right and a duty to take steps to try to stop that crime.” —Greg Boertje-Obed “In heaven Jesus has no arsenal of nuclear weapons. And as we pray in the Our Father prayer: ‘Here on Earth as it is in heaven.’ ... Nuclear weapons are a product of hell and we need to send them back there.” —Michael Walli “Letters from a Georgia Jail: Anti-Nuclear Activists Await Sentencing,” by David Cook, Religion & Politics, January 22, 2014 Intelligence & Surveillance “By leaking a handful of NSA documents, Edward Snowden has given us a glimpse of future U.S. global policy and the changing architecture of power on this planet.” Surveillance Blowback - The Making of the U.S. Surveillance State, 1898-2020, by Alfred W. McCoy, TomDispatch.com, 14 Jul 2013 AND must listen: 35 min. 7/24/13 McCoy I-view on Jeff Blankfort’s Takes on the World prog + Maria Gilardin’s 29 min. broadcast quality production of same from TUCradio.org. But then it must be asked if we can remove cultural value from one part of our lives without destroying it also in the other parts. Can we justify secrecy, lying, and burglary in our so-called intelligence organizations and yet preserve openness, honesty, and devotion to principle in the rest of our government? Can we subsidize mayhem in the military establishment and yet have peace, order, and respect for human life in the streets? Can we degrade all forms of essential work and yet expect arts and graces to flourish on weekends? And can we ignore all questions of value on the farm and yet have them answered affirmatively in the grocery store and the household? The answer is that, though such distinctions can be made theoretically, they cannot be preserved in practice. Values may be corrupted or abolished in only one discipline at the start, but the damage must sooner or later spread to all; it can no more be confined than air pollution. If we corrupt agriculture we corrupt culture, for in nature and within certain invariable social necessities we are one body, and what afflicts the hand will afflict the brain. The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture, by Wendell Barry (San Francisco: Sierra Club Books, 1977), p. 91. 6 June 2013—Edward Snowden[1][2][3][4]: I’m just another guy who sits there, day to day, in the office, watches what’s happening, and goes, “This is something that’s not our place to decide. The public needs to decide whether these [surveillance] programs and policies are right or wrong.” And I’m willing to go on the record to defend the authenticity of them and say, “I didn’t change these. I didn’t modify the story. This is the truth. This is what’s happening. You should decide whether we need to be doing this.” Yeah, I could be, you know, rendered by the CIA. I could have people come after me or any of their third-party partners.... And that’s a fear I’ll live under for the rest of my life, however long that happens to be. You can’t come forward against the world’s most powerful intelligence agencies and be completely free from risk, because they’re such powerful adversaries that no one can meaningfully oppose them. If they want to get you, they’ll get you, in time. We forget ... that violence is so securely founded among us—in war, in forms of land use, in various methods of economic “growth” and “development”—because it is immensely profitable. People do not become wealthy by treating one another or the world kindly and with respect. Do we not need to remember this? Do we have a single eminent leader who would dare to remind us? —Wendell Berry, “The Commerce of Violence,” The Progressive, June 2013 welcome to rat haus reality enter the site