CDC Blogs | Blogs | CDC Skip directly to site content Skip directly to page options Skip directly to A-Z link Skip directly to A-Z link Skip directly to A-Z link Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC twenty four seven. Saving Lives, Protecting People Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. CDC twenty four seven. Saving Lives, Protecting People Search Submit CDC Blogs CDC Template Package Version 4 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Syndicate Below is a list of blogs available at the CDC. National Center for Health Statistics – A blog that looks at health statistics that represent the nation’s health. Conversations in Equity – A blog devoted to increasing awareness of health inequities and promoting national, state, and local efforts to reduce health disparities and achieve health equity. Genomics and Precision Health – A blog devoted to discussing best practices and questions about the role of genomics and precision health in disease prevention, health promotion and healthcare. NIOSH Science Blog – A scientific look at workplace safety and health issues from the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. Our Global Voices – Raising our voices to improve health around the world. Promising Practices for “Learn the Signs. Act Early.” (LTSAE) – Learn more about the outstanding work LTSAE partners are carrying out to improve early identification of children with autism and other developmental disabilities. Use these ideas to implement similar activities in your own programs and communities. Public Health Matters – A collective blog about the exciting public health work of preventing and controlling infectious diseases that result from the interaction of people, animals, and the environment. Safe Healthcare – In this blog, we will introduce you to the science, the people, and the partners who passionately work to ensure the safety of healthcare in this country. The Topic Is Cancer – Perspectives on a variety of cancer-related topics, hosted by CDC’s Division of Cancer Prevention and Control. Your Health – Your Environment Blog – A Blog to increase public knowledge about environmental health by sharing our concerns and our work as well as information you can use in your daily life. home Home HomePolicies email_03Get Email Updates To receive email updates about this page, enter your email address: Email Address What's this? Submit About CDC Contact Us 800-232-4636 Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Snapchat CONTACT CDC Contact Us Call 800-232-4636 Email Us ABOUT CDC About CDC Jobs Funding POLICIES Accessibility External Links Privacy Policies No Fear Act FOIA OIG Nondiscrimination Vulnerability Disclosure Policy CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Snapchat Email LANGUAGES Español 繁體中文 Tiếng Việt 한국어 Tagalog Русский العربية Kreyòl Ayisyen Français Polski Português Italiano Deutsch 日本語 فارسی English U.S. Department of Health & Human Services Accessibility External Links Privacy Policies No Fear Act FOIA Nondiscrimination OIG Vulnerability Disclosure Policy USA.gov Exit Notification / Disclaimer Policy Close Links with this icon indicate that you are leaving the CDC website. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the accuracy of a non-federal website. Linking to a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website. You will be subject to the destination website's privacy policy when you follow the link. CDC is not responsible for Section 508 compliance (accessibility) on other federal or private website. For more information on CDC's web notification policies, see Website Disclaimers. Cancel Continue