VolunteerMatch - Where Volunteering Begins FIND OPPORTUNITIES LOG IN BUSINESS SOLUTIONS RECRUIT VOLUNTEERS SIGN UP FIND OPPORTUNITIES LOG IN BUSINESS SOLUTIONS RECRUIT VOLUNTEERS SIGN UP Remarkable Outcomes VolunteerMatch matches inspired people with inspiring causes. It's how volunteers and nonprofits connect to achieve remarkable outcomes. Remarkable Network VolunteerMatch is the largest network in the nonprofit world, with the most volunteers, nonprofits and opportunities to make a difference. Remarkably Effective VolunteerMatch transforms volunteer recruiting, making it quick, easy and effective. Search City or Zip Code Find Opportunities VolunteerMatch Find the best volunteer opportunities near See More ❯ More people. More impact. VolunteerMatch is the most effective way to recruit highly qualified volunteers for your nonprofit. We match you with people who are passionate about and committed to your cause, and who can help when and where you need them. And because volunteers are often donors as well, we make it easy for them to contribute their time and money. 1.3M monthly visitors 18.6M volunteers connected 147.1k nonprofits 11.4M volunteers needed 147.1k nonprofits rely on VolunteerMatch "It's a portal for volunteers to connect with the nonprofits, and in a way, it's its own search engine specifically for volunteer opportunities." DANIEL MARLAY, MAKE-A-WISH GREATER BAY AREA VolunteerMatch recruiting solutions for nonprofits Get connected to qualified volunteers when and where you need them. With more volunteers and more volunteer opportunities than any other service, VolunteerMatch is how good people and good causes get connected. Get Started Business Solutions High-Impact Volunteerism for Your Company Make your corporate volunteering count. We connect companies of all sizes with real-time, community-sourced volunteer opportunities. Learn more Learning Center Webinars and resources to help you engage volunteers Learn More Follow Us! Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Denver Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Milwaukee New York Phoenix San Diego San Francisco More Cities Top Causes Community Children & Youth Seniors Health & Medicine Education & Literacy Advocacy & Human Rights People with Disabilities Arts & Culture Animals Environment Hunger Veterans & Military Families Women Homeless & Housing Company About Careers Team Press Technology Partners Live Map Resources Help Nonprofit Learning Center Webinars Blog - Engaging Volunteers Contact Us Business Solutions Business Solutions Blog - Volunteering is CSR © 1998-2024 VolunteerMatch. A 501(C)(3) Organization. EIN: 77-0395654. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy / Terms of Use