Home | CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Signatory Login CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Purpose Pledge CEOs Actions Fellowship Media Resources Contact Signatory Login CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ is the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Our Story OUR PURPOSE >2500 signatories 85+ industries supported 21M+ employees represented in the U.S. CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion™ was co-founded in 2017 on a shared belief that diversity, equity and inclusion is a societal issue, and that collaboration and bold action from the business community - especially CEOs - is vital to driving change at scale. CEO Action is now the largest business-led initiative to advance DEI in the workplace, with more than 2,500 CEOs having pledged to create more inclusive cultures while not being afraid of having difficult conversations about diversity, equity and inclusion. The coalition provides a variety of tools, resources, events and thought-leadership opportunities to support business leaders in taking action and driving progress to advance progress. By convening leaders across industries, our signatories have the opportunity to learn from and challenge one another. We are sharing our Actions Database of more than 1,900 actionable insights, and our Strategy Driver tools and resources with one another to drive change at scale. CEO Action is helping to build greater understanding and creating workplaces and communities that better reflect the diversity of our society. Together, we will move beyond incremental change to build a more just and equitable world. LEARN MORE ABOUT THE PLEDGE CEO Action for Racial Equity Read more Our CEO Action for Racial Equity Fellowship unites the talent and resources of more than 100 signatory organizations to advance racial equity through public policy. We are responding to today’s most urgent disparities impacting Black Americans countrywide. The Fellowship revolves around four platforms that are vital to advancing equity and well-being: economic empowerment, education and opportunity, healthy communities, and public safety. About CEO Action SEE WHO'S INVOLVED CEO Action’s Mentoring Initiative brings C-suite mentors and senior, diverse mentees from signatory organizations together to dig into a range of professional development topics. Learn more. (Signatory access only.) Through our Signatory-Led Community, CEO Action delegates engage in meaningful conversations with their peers while collaborating and sharing experiences that help strengthen DEI strategies, drive cultural change and create business improvements. Learn more. (Signatory access only.) Peer-Led Conversations provide an opportunity for delegates to connect with their peers virtually, offer insights, share experiences and answer questions on a range of key DEI topics. Learn more. (Signatory access only.) Questions? Visit our Frequently Asked Questions page for more information. Read more Get in touch Connect with a CEO Action team member! Contact us Follow us on Twitter Engage on Twitter by following us, and using the hashtag #CEOAction. Follow us © 2017-2024 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the US member firm or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and may sometimes refer to the PwC network. Each member firm is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Legal Privacy Cookie Policy We use cookies (technical and profiling) on ceoaction.com to help understand usage of the website. The data collection and reporting is provided by Google Analytics. Before you access our website, please read our Cookies and Privacy Policy carefully. Accept