Top Social Media Marketing Agency in the USA Home About Clients Services Social Strategy Community Management Paid Advertising Content Development Influencer Marketing Reporting & Analytics Case Studies Blog Request a proposal Home About Clients Services Social Strategy Community Management Paid Advertising Content Development Influencer Marketing Reporting & Analytics Case Studies Blog Request a proposal Enhance Your Social Media Marketing With Ignite Social Media Request a Proposal Discover How To Incorporate AI Into Your Social Media Marketing Strategy Download Your Free Ebook Now Discover How We Elevate Brands To The Next Level Download Our Capabilities Deck Keep Up-To-Date With The Latest Social Media Marketing Subscribe To Social You Should Know Ignite Social Media, The Original Social Media Agency® Ignite Social Media Marketing Agency is 16 years old and helped create the social media marketing industry through our thought leadership. We earned our nickname, the original social media agency®, as the first social-only focused marketing agency in the United States, and literally wrote the book on social media marketing. In addition to the numerous accolades our agency has earned over the years, in 2016 we were honored with the title Social Media Agency of the Year, worldwide, in the Corporate Social Media Awards. Branding With Purpose From The Beginning Since day one, we’ve helped the world’s most valuable brands set their social media strategy, execute on it day-to-day, and measure results. We strive to continue to deliver high-quality social media marketing services that drive real value for our clients. See for yourself the average results our clients see after working with our agency experts. Have you been struggling to get more from your social media marketing? Partner with us and experience a dramatic increase in engagement, reach, and sales! We specialize in social media strategy, channel management, content marketing and social listening across all social media platforms. Our team has the hands-on experience and expertise to tailor your marketing strategy to get the most out of each social platform. We work fluidly with Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Snapchat, Twitter, Pinterest, and Linkedin to achieve holistic growth for the clients we serve. We're Trusted by the Best We make the client the hero of our story. Since day one, we’ve helped the world’s most valuable brands set their social media strategy, execute on it day-to-day, and measure results. We strive to continue to deliver high-quality social media marketing services that drive real value for our clients. See for yourself the average results our clients see after working with our agency experts. See How We Can help You After Social Media Strategy Implementation Impressions0% Average client increase Engagements0% Average client increase After Taking Over Content Development Click-Through Rate0% Average client increase Engagement Rate0% Average client increase Social Strategy DevelopmentThe most expensive mistake a brand can make in social media is launching channels or programs without a strategy. We invented the Community Analysis and Engagement Plan and have developed over 100 brand strategies. Content CreationSocial media success comes to brands that have something to say, and know how to say it best. From blogs to Instagram, Snaps to Facebook Live broadcasts, our in-house team creates content that drives business results. Community ManagementYour customers, fans and prospects expect a reply when they contact you on social. Our team builds relationships for leading brands daily, at night and on weekends. With detailed escalation paths, we protect and represent your brand professionally. Influencer ManagementWe started working with influencers in 2008 and have seen the industry evolve quickly. We have cultivated thousands of relationships and ensure all of our programs comply with FTC guidelines as well as brand direction. Media BuyingYes, today’s social media game often requires paid media boosting. But how you boost on social is unusually important. Find out how our Organish® approach routinely improves our clients’ media efficiency 60% or more. Reporting & AnalyticsSocial media channels are awash in data. Data is easy. Our team works with brands to figure out what goals matter and then provide full reporting. Even better, we uncover insights and measure the ROI of our efforts. Ready to learn more?Check out ourCapabilities Deck! Download Now An ad agency bent on simplicity. As a leading social agency, we’re certified marketing partners with the major social networks, giving our team access to a variety of in-depth tools and resources that allow us to better assist our clients and achieve social media marketing success. Our expert staff has also developed over 100 award-winning social media strategies for our clients and led our agency to the title of Social Agency of the Year in 2016 by Incite.Leverage our data-driven approach to tap into the correct social marketing channels and effectively reach your target audience. Cultivate long-lasting relationships through our team’s expertise in social media management, content marketing, and influencer marketing campaigns. What Our Clients Have to Say The Outer Banks Visitors Bureau has been working with Ignite Social Media for more than two years. They ramped up on our business quickly and internalized what they learned. We’ve benefited immensely from their expertise and the passion they bring to the job. Perhaps most importantly, they’re just good people. I truly do consider Ignite to be a part of our team. I would recommend them without any hesitation.The Outer Banks Visitors BureauThe team at Ignite is truly remarkable, which is something not often said about agencies. We work with a fantastic team that is extremely collaborative and consistently brings fresh ideas to the table on how we can continue to spread our mission through social. Not only are their ideas creative and flawlessly executed but they also have a true technical understanding of the various social channels and have become an extension of our brand. They’re truly dedicated to our success.American Heart Association, Go Red for WomenI can’t imagine a better partner to manage our social media presence than the team at Ignite Social Media. Since they’ve taken over our account our fan base and engagement rates have grown every quarter. They consistently produce high-quality, content that our customers love and do a tremendous job managing our community of fans. The reports I get back are interesting and insightful and their expertise at managing our paid media has allowed us to do more testing and learning than we ever could have on our own. They’re a team that I truly trust to help shepherd us through the ever-changing social media landscape.Aaron Kohlhoff, Senior Digital Marketing ManagerIgnite Social Media has a vast team of professionals knowledgeable in all areas of social media marketing. They are flexible, transparent, and easy to work with and we have been very pleased with the results of our fall campaign.Diane Smith, Executive DirectorMy time working with Ignite was fantastic. They were patient and listened to our organization's specific needs, always were proactive in keeping us updated on things we should know in the industry, and managed our account effectively and efficiently.Page Long, Social Media Coordinator Let’s work together and create something unique Email PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. We’re in North Carolina 4000 Centregreen Way, #150 Cary, NC 27513 Phone: 919-653-2345 We’re in Michigan 280 Daines Street, #200 Birmingham, MI 48009 Phone: 919-653-2345 ConnectAbout Clients Services Blog Careers Contact Us ©2023 Ignite Social Media | Privacy Policy Home About Services Social Strategy Community Management Paid Advertising Content Development Influencer Marketing Reporting & Analytics Clients Case Studies Blog Request a Proposal