Gainesville Sun: Local News, Politics & Sports in Gainesville, FLU.S. Sen. Rick Scott told The Palm Beach Post he met with Trump at Mar-a-Lago to talk about running for Mitch McConnell's jobNews Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Guardian Advertise Obituaries eNewspaper Legals Florida philanthropist named USA TODAY Women of the Year honoreeRick Scott meets with Trump to discuss running for McConnell's jobUF Health names new president and CEO of its clinical enterpriseUF United Faculty of Florida chapters speak out against DEI removal The Crossword Obituaries eNewspaper If you want sports diversity, here’s where to look and… DeSantis warns spring breakers Florida is 'law and… Florida's News in 90: DeSantis divide?, brown water &… Williston head coach Jim Ervin & Kyler Lamb break down… Miami tries 'breaking up' with spring break as Florida… Florida philanthropist named USA TODAY Women of the Year honoree Rick Scott meets with Trump to discuss running for McConnell's job UF Health names new president and CEO of its clinical enterprise More in News How to watch, start time for No. 25 UF basketball vs. No. 17 Alabama Three things learned from UF baseball's series win at Miami UF football legend Emmitt Smith is upset with his alma matter. Here's why? More in Sports Alachua County restaurant inspections: 8 cited for high-priority violations Asian concept coming to Archer Road; Tex-Mex chain near UF closes What's Happening: Your 10-day forecast for March 1-11, 2024 More in Entertainment Understanding long COVID and natural ways to treat it G'ville museum to display The Treasures of Africa exhibit through May Northeast Gainesville church to celebrate its 22nd anniversary Sunday More in Life Gas station, restaurant proposed near corner of Newberry and NW 122nd St. Cedar Key clam industry threatened by climate change, stronger storms Change coming: Sun transitioning to postal delivery More in Business Pop-Tarts asks Taylor Swift to 'release the recipe' of her pastries Dad accused of drugging tweens at sleepover: The text that for them out Gymnastics coach accused of having sex with 2 young girls: Reports More in TrendingNominate Today! Winners Announced! Contests More in ContestsMan, 24, dies after being shot in vehicle at east Gainesville apartment Alachua County restaurant inspections: 8 cited for high-priority violations How to watch, start time for No. 25 UF basketball vs. No. 17 Alabama Three things learned from UF baseball's series win at Miami UF football legend Emmitt Smith is upset with his alma matter. Here's why?Careers Staff Directory Accessibility Site Map Legals Public notice certification Our Ethical Principles Responsible Disclosure Subscription Terms & Conditions Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your Privacy ChoicesContact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide Manage Account Give FeedbackSubscribe Today Newsletters Facebook X eNewspaper Archives InstagramJobs Cars Homes Classifieds Reviewed.com 10Best LocaliQ Digital Marketing Solutions© 2024 www.gainesville.com. All rights reserved.