Fraser Institute Skip to main content Français Search form Search Follow the Fraser Institute: Contact us About us Our experts Donate Home Research Aboriginal Policy Aging, Retirement, and Pensions Competitiveness COVID-19 Economic Freedom Education Policy Energy Environment ESG - Environmental, Social and Governance Federal Reform Series Gov't Spending & Taxes Health Care Labour Policy Monetary Policy and Banking Municipal Policy Natural Resources Poverty and Inequality Provincial Prosperity Realities of Socialism School Report Cards Essential Scholars Other Research Topics More from the Fraser Institute Education Programs Western Canada BC, AB, SK, MB, NT, YT, NU For Students For Teachers For Journalists Central Canada ON, QC, NB, NS, PE, NL Peter Munk Centre for Free Enterprise Education For Students For Teachers For Journalists Economic Freedom School Rankings Blog Events Founders' Award Other Events Podcast Women, Economic Progress, and Markets Fraser Forum Donate Who was Barbara Mitchell? New Fraser Institute rankings of Ontario elementary schools out today Report Card on Ontario's Elementary Schools 2023 ranks 2975 public, Catholic, and independent schools based on nine academic indicators derived from provincewide test results. And contrary to common misconceptions, the data suggest every school can improve regardless of type, location, and student characteristics. read more Read the Full Report Card Read the News Release Visit our interactive school ranking website Alberta high schools can improve student performance despite challenges The Report Card on Alberta’s Secondary Schools 2023, which ranks 197 public, Catholic, independent and charter secondary schools based on eight academic indicators generated from provincewide testing, finds that schools can improve student performance regardless of school type, location and student characteristics. read more Read the Full Report Card Read the News Release Visit our interactive school ranking website Quebec government spending reached highest level on record in 2021 at $15,562 per person Quebec Premiers and Provincial Government Spending is a new study that finds Premier François Legault holds the record for the highest per-person spending levels in Quebec—even excluding COVID-related spending—at $14,487 (2021) and $13,705 (2020), and Legault has overseen the third-highest rate of average annual per person spending growth at 7.3 per cent. read more Read the Full Report View the Infographic Read the News Release Housing policy should focus on closing the demand-supply gap, not inducing demand or stifling supply Federal Reforms to Improve Housing Affordability is the latest installment in the Institute’s essay series on federal policy reforms. This essay documents the large and growing imbalance between housing supply and demand, and highlight’s the federal government’s influence on housing markets. read more Read the Full Report Notes and References Despite recent progress, municipal and provincial policies still impede new home construction in Ontario Barriers to Housing Supply in Ontario and the Greater Toronto Area finds that despite progress by various municipalities and the provincial government, significant impediments to homebuilding remain in Ontario. read more Executive Summary Read the Full Report View the Infographic Read the News Release B.C. government per-person spending in 2022/23 almost 20% higher than 2019 despite end of pandemic British Columbia’s Current Spending Peak: Highest in History, Highest Growth in Canada finds that the B.C. government’s per-person spending in 2022/23, the latest year of available data, was nearly 20 per cent higher than in 2019/20. read more Read the Full Report View the Infographic Read the News Release Toronto has the lowest level of median employment income amongst the 15 largest metropolitan areas in Canada and the United States Comparing Employment Income in Toronto and Selected American Metropolitan Areas is a new study that compares median employment income in Toronto and US metropolitan areas, and finds that the annual gap in employment income between Toronto and the lowest ranking large US metropolitan area, Miami, was $2,030 in 2019, while the difference between Toronto and the highest-ranking US metro, San Francisco, was $32,765. read more Read the Full Report View the Infographic Read the News Release Federal government could balance the budget by 2026/27 with modest spending restraint A Case for Spending Restraint: How the Federal Government Can Balance the Budget is a new study that finds the federal government could achieve a balanced budget within a couple short years with only modest spending restraint, such as slowing the growth in nominal program spending by only 4.3 per cent. read more Executive Summary Read the Full Report View the Infographic Read the News Release If it matters, we measure it SUBSCRIBE NOWGet the latest news from the Fraser Institute on the latest research studies, news and events. Recent Commentaries & Blog Posts Don’t stop at beer—Ford government should privatize all liquor sales Grady Munro, Jake Fuss Appeared in the Hamilton Spectator, March 4, 2024 The Beer Store owns a monopoly on all 12-pack and 24-pack beer sales in the province. Ontario government’s tuition freeze doubles down on failed policies Matthew Lau Appeared in the Toronto Sun, March 4, 2024 As the government withdraws funding, it can also withdraw regulatory and administrative burdens. All provinces—not just Alberta—should embrace charter schools Matthew Lau According to long-term trends, public school spending is rising while test scores are falling. Ottawa’s ‘Online Harms’ bill actually threatens marginalized communities Dwight Newman Appeared in the Western Standard, March 1, 2024 Vastly disproportionate punishments can be used to elicit plea bargains from people who should not plead out. Government child care in Nova Scotia—a disaster for parents Matthew Lau Appeared in the Macdonald Notebook, March 1, 2024 Last year, the percentage of children in the province who attended child care fell from 61 per cent to 56 per cent. Federal government will likely violate another self-imposed fiscal rule Bev Dahlby, Ergete Ferede, Jake Fuss The inability to control spending remains the primary reason for Ottawa's string of deficits. Federal government helped spark Canada’s economic growth crisis Jason Clemens, Grady Munro, Milagros Palacios Over the last nine years, Canadian living standards have not increased. Alberta government must embrace new fiscal approach to keep ‘Heritage Fund’ promise Tegan Hill Appeared in the Edmonton Journal, March 1, 2024 In Alaska, the government must pay a portion of fund earnings to citizens in annual dividends. B.C. budget spells disaster for province’s finances Tegan Hill Appeared in Business in Vancouver, February 29, 2024 The province's net debt will reach a projected $129 billion by 2026/27—nearly triple the pre-pandemic level in 2019/20. Legault government recorded two highest years of spending in Quebec since 1965 Yanick Labrie, Tegan Hill Appeared in the Financial Post, February 29, 2024 The province's debt interest costs are expected to grow to $11.1 billion by 2027/28 or almost 10 per cent of total revenue. Alberta government’s budget promises will fall flat without clear long-term plan Tegan Hill Appeared in the Calgary Sun, February 29, 2024 Program spending from 2023/24 to 2025/26 will be $6.4 billion higher than projected just three months ago. Free-spending Nova Scotia budget gets failing grade Alex Whalen The province's net debt is projected to rise by more than $6 billion. P.E.I. government misses opportunity to correct fiscal course Jake Fuss, Alex Whalen According to the budget, the province will run its second consecutive deficit in 2024/25. Federal government not being honest about true cost of national pharmacare Jake Fuss, Mackenzie Moir Appeared in the Hill Times, February 28, 2024 Support among Canadians for national pharmacare drops from 79 per cent to 40 per cent when the plan is linked to tax hikes. Canada’s struggling private sector—a tale of two cities Jason Clemens, Joel Emes When commercial centres have lower median employment incomes than capital cities, the private sector may be in real distress. Alberta government makes big promises for next budget—but proper execution is key Tegan Hill Appeared in the Edmonton Sun, February 28, 2024 Since the Heritage Fund's inception, in most years the government has made no contributions to the fund. Nova Scotia government must change course to end debt binge in upcoming budget Alex Whalen, Grady Munro Every Nova Scotian is responsible for $18,906 in provincial government debt in 2023/24. The Fraser Institute is an independent, non-partisan research and educational organization based in Canada. We have offices in Calgary, Halifax, Montreal, Toronto, and Vancouver.Contact us About us Our experts Careers Support Us Make a Donation Follow Us FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTubeInstagram Newsletter Sign up to receive email updates Home Advanced Search Privacy Policy Sitemap Copyright/Conditions © 2024 Fraser Institute. All rights reserved.