Yelp for Business: Free and paid advertising solutions Skip to main content Show Menu Products Business Page Upgrade Package Yelp Ads Industries Home and Local Services Restaurant and Night Life National and Regional Brands Marketing & Advertising Agencies Support Resources Small Business Guide Resource Center Events Podcasts Blog (877) 767-9357 Log in Yelp for Business (11,527) Get app Verify my free listing It’s free to be on Yelp 56% of Yelp users have an annual household income of $100K1 83% of users hire or buy from a business they found on Yelp2 80+ million people visit Yelp each month3 Get found on Yelp for free today! Verify my free listing “If you're not on Yelp, you're not getting it... All residential services just have to be on Yelp.” Jennifer Davis Painting, CA “I believe that Yelp has just about doubled my business.” Flash Frozen Photography, CA Yelp for Business provides free and paid online advertising solutions for your business Business Page Help people get to know you Having a strong presence on Yelp helps you establish trust with potential customers. Manage your page for free or upgrade to stand out from the competition. Update your business info so people can find you Respond to reviews and messages as soon as they come in Add photos to showcase the best of your business Learn more Yelp Ads Get 2.5x more leads with Yelp Ads Get in front of more customers when they’re searching for local businesses like yours. Prominent display on search and competitors’ pages Target by location & keyword Only pay when interested people click on your ad Learn more Resources Learn how to market your business on Yelp like a pro How to add a business to Yelp in 3 simple steps Learn more How to write a great business description for social media and review sites Learn more 5 free things you didn’t know you could do on your Yelp Page Learn more Case Studies See how The Pod Photography captures new clients with Yelp “I didn’t have a lot of time for marketing and Yelp was the easy way to do it.” Erika Seress, The Pod Photography Culver City, CA Ready to get started? It's free, easy and only takes a few minutes. Verify my free listing 1Comscore age and income data via Media Metrix Multi-Platform report, as of December 2023. Based on users above the age of 18+ 2Based on a survey conducted by Yelp in August 2022. Methodology used ComScore demographics and people who reported having used Yelp in the prior 3 months 3Comscore Media Metrix®, as of March 2022 Resources to Online Marketing Grow Advertise Plan Start Online marketing and advertising: how online ads work 10 benefits of online advertising to attract customers 12 paid advertising sites to promote your brand How to get the word out about your business in 9 ways What is a lead and why do they matter? How to do publicity for a small business on a budget 11 best sites for posting free ads online More Online Marketing resources How to grow a small business, plus 4 practical strategies HomeAdvisor vs. Thumbtack vs. Yelp: an in-depth review for business owners (2023) 6 ways to win quality pressure washing leads 50 car wash marketing ideas to attract more customers 5 pressure washing advertising ideas to attract clients 4 ways to generate junk removal leads How to bid for cleaning contracts in 5 steps More Grow resources 7 cost-effective ways to advertise cleaning services 6 law firm advertising ideas to generate leads and get new clients How to get real estate leads: 6 ideas to try now How to get bookkeeping clients: 5 essential marketing tips Lawn care marketing ideas for small businesses 7 tips for writing ad copy, plus 3 examples 4 plumber advertising ideas you can implement right now More Advertise resources 9 types of business insurance you may need right now Cash flow management: 5 mistakes to avoid to stay financially fit 5 recruitment strategies to hire the best employees 9 employee retention ideas for keeping top talent How to calculate profit margin and boost profitability How to prepare for your small business startup costs 4 tips for crafting a business mission statement More Plan resources The ultimate guide to starting a small business How to start a dog grooming business: 9 steps to launch How to start a car detailing business: 8 key steps How to start a food truck business in 7 steps Opening a tattoo shop: 10 steps to launch your business How to start a private home care business How to start a dog walking business: 9 tips to get going More Start resources Products Business PageUpgrade PackageYelp Ads Solutions Home and Local ServicesYelp for RestaurantsNational and Regional BrandsMarketing & Advertising Agencies Resources Yelp Business BlogSupportEventsPodcastsEducational videosSmall Business Guide Popular Topics How to register your businessPromote your business locallyFree online advertising26 advertising ideas for small businessSmall business growth tactics Go mobile with the Yelp for Business app for iOS and Android. Copyright © 2004–2024 Yelp Inc. Yelp, , and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp. Privacy PolicyTerms of Service