Yecheilyah Ysrayl Home Autographed Paperbacks Amazon Author Central Author Media Kit Bio Book Me to Speak Blog Book Review Policy Photos Media Contact Privacy Policy Home Autographed Paperbacks Amazon Author Central Author Media Kit Bio Book Me to Speak Blog Book Review Policy Photos Media Contact Privacy Policy Multi-Award-Winning Author and Poet Writing to restore Black historical truth. Updates 〰️ Updates 〰️ Updates 〰️ Black History Facts You Didn’t Learn in School Is Here! ORDER YOUR COPY NOW Join The Poetry Business Network! Join a global community of poetic powerhouses. Sign Up Below for a Free eCopy of I am Soul! Complete the Form Below for Your Free Book! For a signed copy of the paperback, please click here to visit the autograph paperback page! About. I am Soul is Yecheilyah's fourth collection of poetry and a 2019 Kindle Book Review Winner for Poetry in the 8th Annual Kindle Book Awards, 2019. The poems focus on Black History, Identity, Personal Development, and Spirituality. Readers describe this collection as touching, intelligent, personal and deeply soulful. Get Started Here “Yecheilyah is such a reckoning. With every turn of the page, I am moved to create; I am reminded of my beauty, my depth, my soul, and my heritage. And for all of this, I am grateful. Fall in love with poetry that punches you straight in the gut, and challenges you to open your eyes to your surroundings.”Tremaine Loadholt First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up and Download We value your trust and respect your privacy, so we will never spam you or share your information with anyone else, and you can opt-out any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of all our emails. We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By clicking above to submit this form, you acknowledge that we will transfer the information you provide to MailChimp for processing per their Privacy Policy and Terms. Thank you! Your ebook is on the way! Back to Top Yecheilyah Books LLC, Dallas, Georgia, United Statesyecheilyah@yecheilyahysrayl.com Copyright © 2024 Yecheilyah Books LLC. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy