Charles Schwab | A Modern Approach to Investing and Retirement Planning | Charles Schwab Skip to main navigation Skip to content Find a Branch Contact Us Call Schwab Brokerage 800-435-4000 Schwab Password Reset 800-780-2755 Schwab Bank 888-403-9000 Schwab Intelligent Portfolios® 855-694-5208 Schwab Trading Services 888-245-6864 Workplace Retirement Plans 800-724-7526 ...More ways to contact Schwab Chat Log In Schwab.com 中文登入 Schwab International Schwab Advisor Services™ Schwab Intelligent Portfolios® Schwab Alliance Schwab Charitable™ Retirement Plan Center Equity Awards Center® Schwab 529 Learning Quest® 529 Mortgage & HELOC Charles Schwab Investment Management (CSIM) Portfolio Management Services Open an Account Accounts & Products Accounts Overview Brokerage and Trading Brokerage and Trading Account Types of Brokerage Accounts What is a Brokerage Account Retirement Accounts (IRAs) Retirement Accounts (IRAs) Traditional IRA Traditional IRA Withdrawal Rules Withdrawal Rules 59 1/2 & Above RMDs Contribution Limits Roth IRA Roth IRA Roth vs Traditional Withdrawal Rules Contribution Limits Rollover IRA Rollover IRA Rollover Options Combining 401ks Other IRAs Other IRAs Withdrawal Rules (Inherited) Schwab IRA Calculators Schwab IRA Calculators Retirement Savings Calculator Roth vs Traditional Calculator Roth IRA conversion RMDs Calculator Inherited IRA RMD Calculator Education and Custodial Overview College Savings Calculator 529 Savings Plan Overview 529 State Tax Calculator Learning Quest 529 Plan Education Savings Account Custodial Account Overview Custodial Transfer Personal Choice Retirement Small Business Small Business Solutions Small Business Retirement Overview Individual 401(k) SEP IRA Personal Defined Benefit Plan Overview FAQs SIMPLE IRA Business 401(k) Plan Company Retirement Account Accounts by Financial Goal Open an Account Trading Overview Schwab Trading Powered by Ameritrade™ thinkorswim® Trading Platforms Overview thinkorswim desktop thinkorswim mobile thinkorswim web paperMoney Platforms Overview Education Support Order Execution Schwab Order Execution Advantage™ Order Routing Process Price Improvement Retail Execution Quality Statistics Research Investment Research Schwab Trading Activity Index™ (STAX) STAX Overview View the STAX Investment Products Overview Mutual Funds Mutual Funds Overview Find Mutual Funds Find Mutual Funds Investor Information Build a Portfolio Invest in a Portfolio Solution Understanding Mutual Funds Overview Benefits and Considerations of Mutual Funds Costs and Fees of Mutual Funds ETFs vs. Mutual Funds Types of Mutual Funds Types of Mutual Funds Equity Mutual Funds Index Mutual Funds Asset Allocation Mutual Funds Target Date Mutual Funds Commodity Mutual Funds Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Mutual Funds ETFs Overview ETFs at Schwab Overview Investor Information Selecting ETFs Understanding ETFs Mutual funds vs. ETFs Benefits of ETFs ETF Costs & Fees Types of ETFs Overview Sector ETFs Dividend ETFs Smart Beta ETFs Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) ETFs Bond ETFs Commodity ETFs Currency ETFs Stocks Overview Trading Stocks at Schwab Extended Hours Trading Understanding Stocks Overview Over-the-counter (OTC) securities Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs) Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Business Development Companies (BDCs) New Issues Stocks International Stocks Overview ADRs, Foreign Ordinaries & Canadian Stocks Options Overview Introduction to Options Overview Options Contracts Options Greeks Options Strategies How to Trade Options Why Trade Options at Schwab Get Started Futures Overview Introduction to Futures Intro to Futures Futures Contracts Futures Margin How to Trade Futures FAQs Futures Markets Futures Markets Overview Micro Futures E-Mini S&P 500 Futures E-Mini Nasdaq Futures E-Mini Dow Futures E-Mini Russell 2000 Futures Why Trade Futures Through Us Get Started Bonds, CDs & Fixed Income Overview Fixed Income Products Individual Bonds Certificates of Deposit Bond Funds, Bond ETFs, and Preferred Securities Selecting Fixed Income Pricing Money Market Funds Cash Solutions & Rates Annuities Cryptocurrency More Investment Products Banking & Borrowing Overview Bank Offerings Checking Overview Schwab Bank Debit Card FAQs Savings Home Loans & Rates Strategic Borrowing Credit Cards Featured Offerings Overview Schwab Investing Themes™ Schwab Starter Kit™ Schwab Stock Slices™ Schwab Personalized Indexing™ Retirement Income Solutions Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Investing Schwab Personal Trust Services Advice Advice Solutions Overview Automated Investing Automated Investing with Guidance Overview Compare Solutions Compare Our Solutions Compare Us To Others Resources An Introduction to Robo-Advice Robo Advisor Myths Education Schwab Wealth Advisory™ More Advice Solutions Financial Planning overview Financial Planning Offering How Much You Need to Retire Planning Calculators Complimentary Plan Advice Headline Placeholder Get more advice > Advice Headline Placeholder Get more advice > Pricing Pricing Overview Commissions and Fees Understanding Investment Fees Transferring Accounts Overview Costs and Considerations OTHER DETAILS Overview Client Relationship Summaries See how we stack up to the competition. Compare Us > $0 online listed equity trade commissions + Satisfaction Guarantee. See our pricing > Why Schwab The Schwab Difference Overview Why Choose Schwab Our Satisfaction Guarantee Our Schwab Security Overview Security Knowledge Center Schwab Security Guarantee Our Experts Overview Meet the experts behind Schwab's investing insights. Our Account Protections Ways to Invest with Us Overview Overview Self-Directed Investing Active Trading Automated Investing Wealth and Investment Management Solutions How We Compare Overview Compare Us to Our Competitors See Our #1 Rankings More choices. More ways to invest how you want. Automated investing, professional advice, or trade on your own. Explore ways to invest > More choices. More ways to invest how you want. Automated investing, professional advice or trade on your own. Explore ways to invest > Learn Insights & Education Overview Overview Stocks ETFs Mutual Funds Bonds Fixed Income Portfolio Management Options Futures Forex Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Trading Overview Overview thinkorswim Demos Market Commentary Overview Overview Government Policy International Planning & Retirement Overview Financial Planning College & Education Estate Planning Saving for Retirement Living in Retirement Tax Planning Media Overview Onward Magazine Podcasts Schwab Coaching Schwab Network Open an Account Log In Find a Branch Contact Us Log In Open an Account Get the latest Market Insights Branch near you: placeholder Find a different branch Have you been notified to create your Schwab login info? If your TD Ameritrade account is moving to Schwab soon, or has already moved, create your Schwab Login ID and password. Where investing your way is our way. Open an account Why Schwab Schwab offers competitive yields on money market funds. Explore yields now You deserve more. We can help. Transparent pricing and low costs. See all our fees How you work with us is your choice. Choose what's right for you Your satisfaction is guaranteed and your security is our priority. Satisfaction Guarantee Security Guarantee How we work together is up to you. Manage your own investments with ease. Access a full range of tools, resources, and expertise to invest the way you want. Learn more about self-directed investing Supercharge your trading experience. Get the best in trading—award-winning platforms, tailored education, and specialized support. Learn more about active trading Get a jumpstart with automated investing. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios® builds, monitors, and automatically rebalances a portfolio based on your goals. Learn more about automated investing Choose professional wealth management. Pursue your goals confidently with the help of Schwab's comprehensive wealth and investment management solutions. Learn more about wealth solutions Take the next step. Open an account Putting clients first gets noticed. #1 in Investor Satisfaction with Full-Service Wealth Management Firms J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Full-Service Investor Satisfaction Study℠ ____ Charles Schwab received the highest score in the J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Full-Service Investor Satisfaction Study, which measures investor satisfaction with full-service investment firms. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more details. The J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Full-Service Investor Satisfaction Study is independently conducted, and the participating firms do not pay to participate. Use of study results in promotional materials is subject to a license fee. The only broker to rank in the top three for all 11 years! Investor's Business Daily: Best Online Brokers 2023 ____ Investor's Business Daily award was given on January 30, 2023, and is for a 15-month timeframe. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily. Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for use of the award and logos. Ranked #1 Most Trusted Bank Investor's Business Daily: Most Trusted Financial Companies 2023 (Bank) ____ The IBD Most Trusted Bank award was given to Charles Schwab Bank on September 25, 2023, and expires December 31, 2024. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor's Business Daily. Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the use of the award and logos. Important information about our relationship with you: Client Relationship Summaries Our Client Relationship Summaries offer a brief summary of our services, fees, and obligations when we work with you in a broker-dealer or an investment advisory relationship. Learn more at schwab.com/transparency > We encourage your questions. Here are answers to some top questions from investors like you: What is the Schwab Security Guarantee? Under the Schwab Security Guarantee, Schwab will cover 100% of any losses in your Schwab accounts due to unauthorized activity. Read more at Schwab.com/guarantee. How much does it cost to work with Schwab? $0 online listed stock, option, and ETF trade commissions1,2 Thousands of non-load, no-transaction-fee mutual funds3 No charge to work with a Schwab Financial Consultant (other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply) *See all our pricing There are certain eligibility requirements for working with a dedicated Financial Consultant. 1. Standard online $0 commission does not apply to over-the-counter (OTC) equities, transaction-fee mutual funds, futures, fixed-income investments, or trades placed directly on a foreign exchange or in the Canadian market. Options trades will be subject to the standard $0.65 per-contract fee. Service charges apply for trades placed through a broker ($25) or by automated phone ($5). Exchange process, ADR, and Stock Borrow fees still apply. See the Charles Schwab Pricing Guide for Individual Investors for full fee and commission schedules. 2. ETFs at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") which are U.S. exchange-listed can be traded without a commission on buy and sell transactions made online in a Schwab account. Unlisted ETFs are subject to a commission. Please see pricing guide for additional information. Schwab does not receive payment to promote any particular ETF to its customers. Schwab's affiliate Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. ("CSIM") serves as investment advisor to the Schwab ETFs, which compensate CSIM out of the applicable operating expense ratios. The amount of the fees is disclosed in the prospectus of each ETF. 3. Trades in no load funds available through Schwab's Mutual Fund OneSource® service (including Schwab Funds), as well as certain other funds, are available without transaction fees when placed through schwab.com or our automated phone channels. For each of these trade orders placed through a broker, a $25 service charge applies. Schwab's short-term redemption fee of $49.95 will be charged on redemption of funds purchased through Mutual Fund OneSource® service and held for 90 days or less. Schwab reserves the right to change the funds we make available without transaction fees and to reinstate fees on any funds. Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. receives remuneration from fund companies participating in the Mutual Fund OneSource service for recordkeeping and shareholder services and other administrative services. Schwab also may receive remuneration from transaction fee fund companies for certain administrative services. There are no fees to open or maintain your account. Other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply. How do I open an account? You can open an account online, by phone, or in one of over 300 branches. Click here to open an account online in about 10 minutes. Choose your account type. Complete an application. Get started funding and investing. Or call us at 800-435-4000 or find a branch. What kind of investment products does Schwab offer? Schwab offers a wide selection of investment products to help you build a diversified portfolio and reach your goals. How easy is it to switch brokerage providers? Moving your existing account to a new brokerage firm may seem daunting, but Schwab makes the process easy: Open a Schwab account. Use our online account transfer tool to initiate the process and monitor progress. View and access your assets in your Schwab account. Need help? Our account transfer specialists can assist you every step of the way. Call us at 800-435-4000. Click here to open a Schwab account or log in to begin the transfer process. Why should I bank with Schwab Bank? Schwab Bank Investor Checking™ is the checking account built for investors like you. It is conveniently linked to a Schwab One® Brokerage account so you get all the features of our award-winning checking account plus cash management solutions designed for investors like you—seamlessly in one place, with one login, only from Schwab.1 Enjoy features designed especially for investors: Quickly move money: move cash between brokerage and checking accounts in seconds and access it instantly for trading and investing2 Manage both checking and investing with a single login Plus, get award-winning checking account benefits: No fees or minimums: Unlimited ATM fee rebates for cash withdrawals worldwide.3 Plus, no monthly service fees,4 account minimums, foreign transaction fees,3 or overdraft fees. Know your money is secure: Keep your money safe with features like fraud alerts and travel notifications, plus FDIC insurance on up to $250,000 per depositor.5 Access 24/7 assistance from dedicated teams Receive free standard checks once your account is funded with at least $100, and Schwab Bank Bill Pay™ will be activated and a Visa® Platinum Debit Card will be sent upon account funding. Open a Schwab Bank Investor Checking account today. 1. The Schwab Bank Investor Checking™ account is available only as a linked account with a Schwab One® brokerage account. The Schwab One brokerage account has no minimum balance requirements, no minimum balance charges, and no minimum trade requirements, and there is no requirement to fund this account when opened with a linked Investor Checking account. 2. In general, cash moved from your brokerage account is available in seconds; however, during weekend and afterhours, it may not be available until the next business day. 3. Unlimited ATM fee rebates apply to cash withdrawals using the Schwab Bank Visa® Platinum Debit Card wherever it is accepted. ATM fee rebates do not include any fees imposed by merchants or ATM operators for POS transactions, or fees for stamp purchases, balance inquiries, non-local ATM currency withdrawal fees (referred to as dynamic currency conversion fees), or any other transaction other than an ATM cash withdrawal in local currency from your Schwab Bank account. Schwab Bank makes its best effort to identify those ATM fees eligible for rebate based on information it receives from Visa and ATM operators. In the event that you have not received a rebate for a fee that you believe is eligible, please call a Schwab Bank Client Service Specialist for assistance at 888-403-9000 (or for clients of independent investment advisors, a Schwab Alliance Service team Member at 800-515-2157). Schwab Bank reserves the right to modify or discontinue the ATM surcharge rebate at any time. If you use your Card to withdraw foreign currency from an ATM or to pay for a purchase with foreign currency Schwab Bank charges your account for the U.S. dollar equivalent of the transaction. Depending on the specific arrangements that are in place, the exchange rate and calculation of the U.S. dollar equivalent will be done by the bank at which you conduct the transaction, the network to which the ATM belongs, or Visa. The bank or network may also charge a fee. Schwab Bank does not assess foreign transaction fees (i.e., a fee to convert U.S. dollars to local currency) to debit card holders. See the Schwab Bank Visa Debit Card Agreement for details. 4. Schwab Bank's Investor Checking account has no account maintenance or activity fees. Fees may be assessed for additional services such as custom check orders, outgoing wires, or rush delivery. Review Schwab Bank's full Deposit Account Pricing Guide or contact Schwab Bank at 888-403-9000. Schwab Bank reserves the right to amend these terms at any time. 5. Funds deposited at Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, are insured, in aggregate, up to $250,000 based on account ownership type by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). Have more questions? We're here to help. Call 800-435-4000 Chat Get live online assistance 24/7 Visit Find a branch near you Other sites for advisors, investment professionals, and employers: Advisors Get information about going independent with Schwab Advisor Services™ or becoming an independent franchise owner through Schwab Franchise. Investment professionals Get information about Schwab Funds® and Schwab ETFs™ from Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Employers Get information about Workplace Financial Services. Check the background of Charles Schwab or one of its investment professionals using FINRA's BrokerCheck. footer links For Clients Digital Services Mobile Apps Independent Branch Schwab Franchise About Schwab Corporate Information Schwab Careers Schwab Community Service International Hong Kong, China London, UK Other regions Multilingual Services 中文 Quote Show IndicesSymbol Lookup Please read the Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions™ disclosure brochures for important information, pricing, and disclosures related to the Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium programs.Schwab Intelligent Portfolios® and Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium® are made available through Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. ("Schwab"), a dually registered investment advisor and broker dealer. Portfolio management services are provided by Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc. ("CSIA"). Schwab and CSIA are subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation. There is no advisory fee or commissions charged for Schwab Intelligent Portfolios. For Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium, there is an initial planning fee of $300 upon enrollment and a $30-per-month advisory fee charged on a quarterly basis as detailed in the Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions™ disclosure brochures. Investors in Schwab Intelligent Portfolios and Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Premium (collectively, "Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions") do pay direct and indirect costs. These include ETF operating expenses which are the management and other fees the underlying ETFs charge all shareholders. Schwab does not charge an advisory fee for the SIP Program in part because of the revenue Schwab Bank generates from the cash allocation (an indirect cost of the Program). The portfolios include a cash allocation to FDIC‐insured Deposit Accounts at Charles Schwab Bank, SSB ("Schwab Bank"). Schwab Bank earns income on the deposits, and earns more the larger the cash allocation. The lower the interest rate Schwab Bank pays on the cash, the lower the yield. Some cash alternatives outside of Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions pay a higher yield. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions invests in Schwab ETFs. A Schwab affiliate, Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc., receives management fees on those ETFs. Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions also invests in third-party ETFs. Schwab receives compensation from some of those ETFs for providing shareholder services, and also from market centers where ETF trade orders are routed for execution. Fees and expenses will lower performance, and investors should consider all program requirements and costs before investing. Expenses and their impact on performance, conflicts of interest, and compensation that Schwab and its affiliates receive are detailed in the Schwab Intelligent Portfolios Solutions disclosure brochures.Credit Notice: From Investor's Business Daily, January 30, 2023, ©2023 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.This advertising, and the franchise sales information within it, is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for informational purposes only. Currently, the following states regulate the offer and sale of franchises: California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. If you are a resident of one of these states, or if you wish to operate a franchise in one of these states, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with any applicable pre-sale registration and disclosure requirements in that state.3000 Schwab Way, Westlake, TX 76262MN Franchise Registration Number: F-6699Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. (CSIM) is the investment advisor for Schwab Funds and Schwab ETFs. Schwab Funds are distributed by Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Schwab), Member SIPC. Schwab ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO). CSIM and Schwab, are separate but affiliated companies and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation, and are not affiliated with SIDCO.*Schwab Network is brought to you by Charles Schwab Media Productions Company ("CSMPC"). CSMPC and Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. are separate but affiliated subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation. CSMPC is not a financial advisor, registered investment advisor, broker-dealer, or futures commissions merchant.The Schwab Center for Financial Research is a division of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (1223-36KB, 0523-3TS6, 0224-K58D) Brokerage Products: Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of brokerage, banking and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ("Schwab") (Member SIPC), is registered by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in the United States of America and offers investment services and products, including Schwab brokerage accounts, governed by U.S. state law. Schwab is not registered in any other jurisdiction. Neither Schwab nor the products and services it offers may be registered in your jurisdiction. Neither Schwab nor the products and services it offers may be registered in any other jurisdiction. Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products. Access to Electronic Services may be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, market volatility, systems upgrade, maintenance, or for other reasons. This site is designed for U.S. residents. Non-U.S. residents are subject to country-specific restrictions. Learn more about our services for non-U.S. residents, Charles Schwab Hong Kong clients, Charles Schwab U.K. clients. © 2024 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC. Unauthorized access is prohibited. Usage will be monitored. YouTube Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Accounts Brokerage 401(k) Rollover Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) Schwab Bank Checking Small Business Retirement See More Accounts Investment Products Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) Annuities Bonds See More Investment Products Trading Trading Platforms Execution Quality Options Futures Research & Tools Retirement Calculator Roth vs. Traditional IRA Calculator Research Tools Mobile Apps Learn Insights & Education Trading Market Commentary Planning & Retirement Podcasts Schwab Network About Schwab Why Schwab Compare Us Satisfaction Guarantee Forms & Applications Pricing Notify us of a Death SchwabSafe Privacy Additional Schwab Sites Site Map Business Continuity Financial Statement Accessibility Help Contact Us About Schwab Careers Investment Professionals' Compensation Important Notices Account Protection SIPC® FDIC Insurance FINRA's Broker Check Bank Client Complaints Client Relationship Summaries (0620-0EMZ)