Wikitude Augmented Reality: the World's Leading Cross-Platform AR SDK SDK Future of AR Resources + Documentation Download Support FAQs Blog Success Stories Pricing MENUMENUSDKFuture of ARResources Download Documentation Support FAQ Blog Success StoriesPricing Sign in Choose your optionChoose your optionSDKFuture of ARResources Download Documentation Support FAQ Blog Success StoriesPricing Support for Wikitude coming to an end Accelerating the future of AR From smartphone AR and beyond — take off with our powerful developer tools. Download a free trial and scale up with our comprehensive pricing plans. 150 000+ Registered AR Developers 40000+ AR Apps 180 Countries Enhance the world around you Create unparalleled cross-platform AR apps that add value, engage and bring ROI. Powerful features Image based Image Tracking Amaze users with interactive images and packaging. Learn more Multiple Image Trackers Augment multiple images simultaneously and interactively. Learn more Cloud Recognition Cloud-based image target storage for large-scale AR projects. Learn more Object based Object & Scene Tracking Enhance objects, toys, and even buildings with digital content. Learn more Multiple Object Tracking Attach interactive augmentations to multiple objects simultaneously. Learn more Multiple Trackers Enhance images, objects, and the world in one unique AR experience. Learn more Specials Instant Tracking See more of the world around you with AR. Learn more Cylinder Tracking Add engaging content to bottles, cans, and cylinder-shaped targets. Learn more We support a wide variety of frameworks Android iOS Unity feat See All Tools Explore headworn AR with Snapdragon Spaces ™ XR Developer Platform Go beyond smartphone – the Snapdragon Spaces AR Platform paves the way to a new frontier of spatial computing. Create immersive experiences for AR glasses that adapt to any environment and transform how we connect with the world around us. Snapdragon Spaces is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. Learn More AR Success Stories ARe app: empowering local businesses through augmented reality Space Dog: exploring the city with augmented reality family guide Auta Super iShowroom: AR-powered e-commerce METARCUBE: turning ordinary into extraordinary GO! NFT: blending urban and digital arts The Spirit of Electricity: when art meets technology Platforms Products Pricing Solution Providers Educational License About Qualcomm XR Labs Careers Contact us Support Forum FAQ Documentation Download Legal Legal Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Platforms Download Pricing Solution Providers Educational License About Qualcomm XR Labs Careers Contact us Support Forum FAQ Documentation Legal Legal Imprint Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2024 Wikitude, a Qualcomm company