Rytmik Ultimate Rytmik Ultimate for Nintendo 3DS | Rytmik Ultimate for iOS | Rytmik Ultimate for Windows/Mac Rytmik Studio (Next Generation of Rytmik) We are still supporting Rytmik Ultimate, but If you need more complex music app, you can upgrade to Rytmik Studio! New In Rytmik StudioAdvanced Sound Effects – Fine and dramatic sound editing with EQ3, Resonant Filter, Drive, Bright, Modelay, Modulation Matrix, 2× ADSR and 2× LFO with optional target modulation, 4× Send, and Sidechain Compression. ADSR envelopes and LFOs can continuously change a variety of instrument and effect parameters.Automation – Draw automation curves within songs that smoothly control instruments and effects.Instrument Presets – Play with an advanced synth! Choose from hundreds of named presets across multiple categories, and create all-new custom presets.MIDI Input – Rytmik is compatible with standard MIDI keyboards.Sidechain – A must-have tool, especially for contemporary dance and electronic music. Automatically muffle one sound with another (such as a bass with a kick drum). Using these tools makes effects like the “pulsing” in dance music very quick and easy to produce in Rytmik Studio.Global Sound Effects – Using the 2× Stereo Reverb, 2× Stereo Delay, Master EQ and Limiter, each instrument can be sent into two reverbs and two delays. From short and simple sound you can create a long vibrant range, or simply deliver the drum width and space. The final output of the sound engine can be further adjusted by the equalizer. Dynamics is controlled by a limiter (also works in multiband mode).Custom Samples – Rytmik Studio includes a generous number of samples, and also allows you to import new ones freely. Record vocals, instruments and other sources, and seamlessly add these samples into the custom library. August 5th 2019 Rytmik Ultimate Update 1.8 - New Instruments and New Synth! WHAT'S NEW NEW: Added new Synth - DrSynth3 NEW: Samples Addon (42 new samples!) NEW: Added new demo song: DrSynth3 Demo FIX: Few other minor bug fixes March 1st 2019 New DLC for Game Developers and Video Creators Imagine you have a rich set of sounds, jingles and music pieces within reach which you can use in your games, music videos, trailers, advertisements or your streams. Royalty free. Available inside a robust music software. Chiptune Pack for Rytmik Ultimate is precisely like this.This DLC for Rytmik Ultimate is offering hundreds of jingles, sounds and music pieces instantly usable in your games and videos. You can access all this content through three tracks included in this DLC. The first track offers short music pieces with various kinds of moods. Positive, negative, happy, fast, slow, atmospheric - we got all your needs covered. (100 Music Pieces)The second track is all about jingles. Do you need win, loose or death sound? We are ready for this. (60 Jingles)The third track offers ready-made sound effect perfect for any arcade game or retro styled animation. (120 Ready-made Fx Sounds)Everything we are offering you is based on instrumental chiptune bank which is an integral part of Rytmik Ultimate. You can use jingle, music piece or sound effect as you like without or with further modification. We don’t care as long as your players and viewers are happy. But to be honest, we hope you play with our presets and create and share your creations with the community. It’s straightforward and fun to create something unique and original. November 16th 2017 Rytmik Studio Early Access version has been released. Rytmik Studio Early Access version has been released.Rytmik Loyalty Bundle is available for Rytmik Ultimate users. http://store.steampowered.com/bundle/5424/Rytmik_Loyalty_Bundle/ September 29th 2017 Rytmik Studio We are excited to announce Rytmik Studio. New version of Rytmik. We’ve been working on Rytmik Studio for a long time now. Rytmik Studio will come with a fairly large number of samples, but will also allow you to import new ones freely. Your voice or a recording of your guitar can become the basis of the instrument. More than 7,000 songs have already been shared on Rytmik Cloud, and the new version of Rytmik will be backward compatible. We would like to complete new Rytmik sooner. That's why we're launching the crowdfunding campaign now and we're asking for help. If you like Rytmik, then you can support us at INDIEGOGO. September 19th 2017 Rytmik Newsletter Do you want to know about the Rytmik news first? Subscribe to our newsletter. August 24th 2017 Rytmik Cloud Expansion Rytmik Ultimate allows you to share songs with other users using the Rytmik Cloud and to play songs stored in Rytmik Cloud. Users can also exchange their compositions and cooperate on them. Slots Each user has a limited number of slots on Rytmik Cloud. Purchasing the basic version of Rytmik Ultimate gives you 40 slots. You can get more slots in several ways. Getting The Musician (Silver Disc) achievement adds you another 5 slots. Getting The Music Star (Gold Disc) achievement adds you another 5 slots. Getting The Hitmaker (Platinum Disc) achievement adds you another 5 slots. DLC Rytmik Cloud Expansion adds you another 42 slots. DLC Rytmik Cloud Expansion 2 adds you another 210 slots. How RYTMIK CLOUD works When you select the PUBLIC CLOUD or USER CLOUD category, Rytmik Ultimate connects to the shared storage called Rytmik Cloud. To use this feature, you need a functional network connection. When storing a song, you can specify its access privileges (UNLOCKED, LOCKED, SEMI-LOCKED or PRIVATE). UNLOCKED means the song will be visible for all and everyone can load and edit it. LOCKED means that the song will be visible for all, but other users can only play it using PREVIEW function and won’t be able to edit it. SEMI-LOCKED means that the song will be visible for all, other users can only play it using PREVIEW function, but clips can be used, modified and redistributed. PRIVATE means that other users can’t see the song. June 9th 2017 Rytmik Radio is On Air! You can listen Rytmik Radio here or from http://listen.shoutcast.com/rytmikradio/ or https://www.radionomy.com/en/radio/rytmikradio. 146 songs in the playlist (shuffled). This playlist consists of our demo songs and featured songs. Almost 7 hours of music! May 9th 2017 Rytmik Ultimate Complete Rytmik Ultimate Complete is a powerful music station (Groovebox) allowing you not only to play with samples and musical instruments but also to mix them together, shape them and create music clips or whole songs for your Friday night set-list. Features: More than 1 230 musical instruments Robot and Female voices - over 400 words each. A drawable waveform synth module Advanced effects like the ADSR Envelope, Digital Delay, Noise Shaper, Sample Offset and Loop Definition and more Almost every effect parameter can be modulated via the step sequencer Drag&drop powerful interface Share your songs via Rytmik Cloud and continue on Mac/PC More than 6 000 Songs already shared via Rytmik Cloud Export your music in the WAV format or export to AudioShare Rytmik Ultimate Complete is a powerful pocket music station. This version includes instruments/samples from Rock Expansion and Voice & Acoustics Expansion. April 21th 2017 Rytmik Player Player for songs created by the Rytmik Ultimate community of users and shared through Rytmik Cloud. Now everyone can enjoy a rich collection of thousands songs created in Rytmik Ultimate, including DLC Rock Expansion and Voice & Acoustic Expansion. Filter songs by genre, watch the creations of individual authors, rate songs and choose to listen to the best rated. Listen to the latest news, find your favorites and put them in the playlist. You can share your favorite song over Facebook and Twitter. Shhh - Rytmik is on air! Features: It is FREE! Play Songs from Rytmik Cloud (more than 6.000 Songs Available) Filter and Search Songs by Name, Author, Date, Category and Rating Create Your Playlist Rate Songs Share Favorite Songs via Facebook and Twitter Music Visualization March 24th 2017 DLC Voice & Acoustic Expansion (Steam) Voice & Acoustic Expansion DLC for Rytmik Ultimate is focusing on recorded sounds such as acoustic instruments and voices. Male and female voices and choir sounds Voice FX Woodwind and brass instruments Plucked instruments Bowed instruments Mallets and bells Beatbox percussions Wooden and steel percussions User community sounds (Thanx to Eric Wolf, Pablo Francisco Montes Romero, Jeff Shea, Coreus, Hornet Fighter) Over 200 Intstruments Speech machine - Robot and Female voices - over 400 words each January 19th 2017 New DLC - Voice & Acoustic Expansion (Work in Progress) The upcoming Voice & Acoustic Expansion DLC for Rytmik Ultimate is focusing on recorded sounds such as acoustic instruments and voices. Do you want to participate and hear your samples in Rytmik Ultimate? We offer you a unique opportunity to add your sample(s) to this upcoming DLC. How to do it? Record an acoustic instrument or a voice or any other interesting/unique sound. It must be recorded by yourself (sounds from any other sample banks are not allowed). Then send it to samples@rytmikultimate.com. You can send up to 1 MB, for bigger files please send us a download link. If we find your recording interesting and useful, we will add it to the library. You will get the Voice & Acoustic Expansion DLC for free as a reward. January 19th 2016 Update 1.52 (Steam) [ADDED] Audio Limiter to the master output and master output section was reworked to reduce unwanted distortion and too loud volume levels. Master limiter can be switched off in Settings menu. [FIXED] Achievement not unlocking. September 21th, 2016 Rock Demo Songs Five demo songs made using DLC Rock Edition. September 20th, 2016 DLC Rock Expansion (Steam) Steam: 15% off for a limited time! Rock Expansion allows rock & metal fans to create their favourite music in Rytmik Ultimate. If you felt the original sound set was lacking something that would allow you to make a truly rich and all-embracing rock tune, now is your time. Choose guitars, drums and keys from the library of 230 new sound samples to create a genuine rock atmosphere! Over 230 samples of rock and metal instruments Rock basses Clean and chorused guitars Overdriven lead guitars Overdriven guitar powerchords Kick drums Snare drums Toms Hihats Cymbals Keyboards and other instruments With VARI feature can be achieved natural sounding result by switching among powerchords or different lead guitar or bass articulations 5 unlocked demo songs September 20th 2016 Update 1.51 (Steam) Added song name to Song Delete dialog. In clip edit mode instrument Parameter B,C,D values are shown for selected note even when Play is not engaged. In song mode right mouse button can be used for moving clips instead of copying. September 16th 2016 Major Update 1.5 (Steam) New features and new instruments Wide effect – two chorus modes with stereo spread 14 new instruments – Added several guitar and plucked instrument samples in WORLD bank DrSynth 2 – adds slightly different and smoother sound character Clip Channel linking and group editing – linked channels are triggered by the first channel notes. Linking with CTRL also copies instrument settings except pitch. This can be used for easy chords making. When channels are linked than adjusting instrument settings with CTRL adjusts all linked channels. Steam chat integration – dblclick on AUTHOR name in song browser opens Steam chat with this user. In song mode, dblclick with CTRL sets Left loop marker and dblclick with ALT sets Right loop marker. Preview for Rock songs (created with instruments from DLC Rock Expansion, available on 20th September 2016) Some minor bug fixes March 29th, 2016 Rytmik Cloud Radio February 10th, 2016 Rytmik Lite Chiptune Synthesizer for iPad Rytmik Lite Chiptune Synthesizer v1.32 is available on Appstore NOW! Rytmik Lite Chiptune Synthesizer is an ultimate tool for chiptunes and oldschool gaming music creation allowing you not only to play with wavetable synthesizer but also to create music clips or whole songs. February 9th, 2016 Update 1.32 for iPad What's New in Version 1.32 Fixes: Copying an instrument with a different note sequence length retains sequence length. Left and right song selectors are constrained now. Some GUI quirks were repaired. Lock is active only for songs on public cloud. Doubleclick on clip in track deleted this clip from track when MOVE was switched on. Some other minor bugs were repaired. Improvements: During preview the progress bar is shown and song preview position may be adjusted. Added SEMI-LOCKED rights for song - song cannot be loaded, but its clips may be dragged from preview. Added LOOP RANGE ONLY option for EXPORT - only actual loop range is automatically exported. Added several Songs and Clip banks for Draw Synth (these uses only DrSynth and no samples). Double-tap in browser loads song and fills the browser filter. Double-tap on locked song on public cloud just fills the browser filter. Preview and Play is stopped when saving January 26th, 2016 Rytmik Lite Chiptune Synthesizer Rytmik Lite Chiptune Synthesizer v1.31 is available on Steam NOW! January 25th, 2016 Update 1.31 for PC Rytmik Ultimate v1.31 for PC now features new GUI Skin! Fixes: Copying an instrument with a different note sequence length retains sequence length. Improvements: New GUI skin. New keyboard shortcuts in Song Browser (Up,Down,PgUp,PgDown,Home,End,Enter). January 24th, 2016 SPACE ENGINEERS X RYTMIK ULTIMATE Contest Contest is over. Check out songs of winners. 1st Place – VGMaestr0, 2nd Place – Headcrab ad, 3rd Place – C1rcuit, 4th Place – PhageSynth, 5th Place – Jumpman204. All participants of SPACE ENGINEERS X RYTMIK ULTIMATE Contest will get 10 additional save slots on Rytmik Cloud. Congratulations! January 21th, 2016 Update 1.3 for PC Rytmik Ultimate v1.3 for PC now features new Songs and Clip banks for Draw Synth! Fixes: Left and right song selectors are constrained now. Some GUI quirks were repaired. Lock is active only for songs on public cloud. Doubleclick on clip in track deleted this clip from track when MOVE was switched on. Some other minor bugs were repaired. Improvements: During preview the progress bar is shown and song preview position may be adjusted. Added SEMI-LOCKED rights for song - song cannot be loaded, but its clips may be dragged from preview. Added LOOP RANGE ONLY option for EXPORT - only actual loop range is automatically exported. Added several Songs and Clip banks for Draw Synth (these uses only DrSynth and no samples). "Space" key shortcut for PLAY in Visualization. Doubleclick in browser loads song and fills the browser filter. Doubleclick on locked song on public cloud just fills the browser filter. Preview and Play is stopped when saving. More details about PC version... January 10th, 2016 Update 1.2 for iPad Rytmik Ultimate v1.2 for iPad now features export to Audioshare! More details about iPad version... January 10th, 2016 SPACE ENGINEERS X RYTMIK ULTIMATE Total prize fund is 745 EUR. Keep Calm We Extended the Deadline! Submissions for Space Engineers X Rytmik contest will end on January 24, 2016. After the deadline we will pick the best entries and share them with you. More details (RULES AND PRIZES)... December 24th, 2015 Tutorial 3 - Per-note modulation (and Draw Synth) December 16th, 2015 Tutorial 2 – Playing with instrument FX December 16th, 2015 Tutorial 1 – Basics (simple song loop from scratch) December 10th, 2015 SPACE ENGINEERS X RYTMIK ULTIMATE Remix, share and win cool prizes To celebrate the release of Rytmik Ultimate we joined forces with our friends at Keen Software House, the creators of popular sandbox early access title Space Engineers, to announce a creative music contest Space Engineers X Rytmik. Create a cover version of the main theme from Space Engineers in Rytmik Ultimate, submit it and win cool prizes. Remix the track provided by Karel Antonin, resident music composer from Keen Software House, or start building your track from the ground up, play with tempo, melodies, use samples, and get wild. Submissions for Space Engineers X Rytmik contest start on December 10, 2015 and will end on January 10, 2016. After the deadline we will pick the best entries and share them with you. More details (RULES AND PRIZES)... December 4th, 2015 Release date Happy to announce the release of Rytmik Ultimate on December 10th, available at Nintendo eShop, AppStore and Steam! November 25th, 2015 Rytmik Ultimate is Coming Soon to Steam! Windows version confirmed. Your ultimate tool for chiptunes and oldschool gaming music creation is Coming Soon to Steam. Rytmik Ultimate Store page is ready, check it out! http://store.steampowered.com/app/375840/ Jun 15th, 2015 3 Songs Preview Do you want to keep in the loop with what is happening about our new title Rytmik Ultimate? Subscribe your email to our mailing list! http://rytmikultimate.com/comingsoon/ Release date: TBA (2015) Rytmik Ultimate is a powerful pocket music station allowing you not only to play with samples and musical instruments but also to mix them together, shape them and create music clips or whole songs for your Friday night set-list. Rytmik Ultimate for Nintendo 3DS | Rytmik Ultimate for iOS | Rytmik Ultimate for Windows/Mac Help | Support | Youtube | Presskit | Twitter © 2015 CINEMAX, s.r.o. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple iPad is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Nintendo 3DS is a trademark of Nintendo. © 2011 Nintendo. © 2015 Valve Corporation. Steam and the Steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.