DATAVERSITY - Data Education for Business and IT Professionals Skip to content Conferences Training Center Subscribe Webinars White Papers Podcasts Product Demos Data Topics On Demand Webinars Articles Blogs What is…? Case Studies More A Brief History of Generative AI Mastering Microsoft SQL Server: Analyzing and Optimizing Complex Queries DATAVERSITY Demo: The Insider Experience The Cool Kids Corner: Neurodiversity in Your Team Data-First Architectures Unlock the Power of Data Advertisement Upcoming Webinars Mar 7 EEDL Webinar: Taking Off the Blinders — How Experience Limits Our Perspective on LiteracyDATE: March 7, 2024 TIME: 2:00 PM – 3:00 PM Eastern / 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM Pacific PRICE: Free to all attendees About the Webinar We don’t know what we don’t know. Often, literacy efforts focus on the narrow experiences of data professionals rather than broader perspectives. For example, most companies…Mar 12 Data-Ed Webinar: The Roles of Data StewardsDATE: March 12, 2024 TIME: 2:00 PM - 3:30 PM Eastern / 11:00 AM - 12:30 PM Pacific PRICE: Free to all attendees About the Webinar Data stewards are a relatively new role. It is likely they also possess the best window into the business. What most data stewards are…Mar 14 ADV Webinar: Choosing Your Provider for Implementing a Data FabricDATE: March 14, 2024 TIME: 2:00 PM – 3:00 PM Eastern / 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM Pacific PRICE: Free to all attendees About the Webinar The principle underlying data fabric designs is the loose connection of data in platforms with the applications that require it. When one platform, like AWS, supervises… On Demand Webinars Featured Online Training Live Online Training: Data Governance Master Class Click here for a free preview DATAVERSITY Training Center: Professional Subscription Click here for a free preview Learning Plan: Data Governance Click here for a free preview Latest Blogs by Industry Experts Mastering Microsoft SQL Server: Analyzing and Optimizing Complex QueriesRead more about author Vijay Panwar. In the realm of database management, particularly with Microsoft SQL Server, understanding and optimizing complex queries is crucial for maintaining system performance and efficiency. As databases grow and complexity, the queries used to retrieve, update, or manipulate data can become increasingly intricate, potentially leading to slower response times and decreased application performance. This blog post delves into how to analyze complex SQL queries in…The Cool Kids Corner: Neurodiversity in Your TeamRead more about author Mark Horseman. Hello! I’m Mark Horseman, and welcome to The Cool Kids Corner. This is my monthly check-in to share with you the people and ideas I encounter as a data evangelist with DATAVERSITY. (Last month, we discussed the importance of communication.) This month, we’re talking about neurodiversity in your data team. The term neurodiversity was first used by Judy Singer in 1998. In the article linked,…Data-First Architectures Unlock the Power of DataRead more about author Jeff Heller. Companies are currently in the midst of a significant paradigm shift, where they are faced with the decision to either over-complicate their data architecture or opt for a single cloud solution. It’s imperative to assess which cloud option aligns best with the needs of an organization; however, neither option allows organizations to optimize their data. Choices motivated by short-term goals rather than long-term sustainability…Cloud Computing: A Paradigm Shift in Business OperationsRead more about author Dave Lavinsky. Cloud computing has fundame­ntally transformed how many companies function. Specifically, when busine­sses leverage­ the cloud through Interne­t-based services, it e­nables new potential for re­ducing overhead, connecting with global marketplaces, and automating key processes. Below, we will explore the benefits of cloud computing for businesses and how it can improve various operations. Embracing Cloud Computing: The Transformation Begins While the­ shift toward the cloud occurs… Recent Articles A Brief History of Generative AIOle.CNX / Shutterstock Generative AI has a fairly short history, with the technology being initially introduced during the 1960s, in the form of chatbots. It is a form of artificial…The Impact of Data Silos (and How to Prevent Them)Viktoria Kurpas / Shutterstock Data silos often develop unintentionally within businesses, catching leaders by surprise. They hinder cross-departmental collaboration while giving rise to inconsistent data quality, communication gaps, reduced visibility,…What Is Data Completeness and Why Is It Important?SNP_SS / Shutterstock Data completeness is an important aspect of Data Quality. Data Quality is a reference to how accurate and reliable the data is overall. Data completeness specifically focuses…Common Master Data Management (MDM) PitfallsVectorMine / Shutterstock.com Leaders need to trust data within the organization to make sound business decisions. So, many turn to master data management (MDM), a solution to get and keep uniform… Search Content by Data Topics Analytics Database Data Architecture Data Literacy Data Science Data Strategy Data Modeling EIM Governance & Quality Smart Data What is...? What Is a Data Catalog? Types, Benefits, UsesA data catalog inventories and makes critical datasets available through metadata management. This platform informs…What Is a Data Strategy? Components and UsesA Data Strategy is a reliable touchstone created by an organization for businesspeople to…What Is Data Management? Definition, Benefits, UsesData Management (DM) comprises a comprehensive collection of consistent and responsible practices, concepts, and…What Is Data Modeling? Types, Benefits, UsesData Modeling describes the plans and activities around diagramming data requirements for business operations across…What Is Data Governance? Definition, Types, UsesData Governance (DG) is a business program and bedrock that supports harmonized data activities across the…What Is Database Management?Database Management allows a person to organize, store, and retrieve data from a computer.… DATAVERSITY.net TDAN.com Conferences Enterprise Data World Data Governance & Information Quality Online Conferences Enterprise Data Governance Online Data Architecture Online Enterprise Analytics Online DATAVERSITY Resources DATAVERSITY Training Center Women in Data Management and Governance White Papers Product Demos What is…? Company Information Why Train with DATAVERSITY About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Press Room Newsletters DATAVERSITY Weekly DATAVERSITY Email Preferences DATAVERSITY Education Data Conferences Trade Journal Online Training Upcoming Live Webinars © 2011 – 2024 Dataversity Digital LLC | All Rights Reserved. Cookies SettingsTerms of Service Privacy Policy CA: Do Not Sell My Personal Information