Home | Microsoft Open Source skip to content Microsoft | Open Source Get involved Projects Ecosystem Our program Jobs Blog Search projects Search projects Home Get involved Projects Ecosystem Our program Jobs Blog Search projects Open. Collaborative. Flexible. Open Source enables Microsoft products and services to bring choice, technology and community to our customers. Get involved Explore projects Pause animations and stop showing new graphics Pause Projects Some of the most popular developer tools, frameworks and experiences in the world are built around open communities. Here are a few featured Microsoft projects of note. Accessibility Insights Accessibility Insights is a suite of open source tools that help developers find and fix accessibility issues in Web, Windows and Android applications. CNAB CNAB is a spec for packaging distributed apps Open Education Analytics (OEA) Open Education Analytics collaborates with education systems across the world to develop modern data intelligence capabilities. Explore Microsoft projects Microsoft's communities Get involved We are building value together and welcome everyone to participate. Together, in the open, it's an exciting time to use technology to build hacks, apps, and services. Happening now Find a "good first issue" Featured projects Learn from our enterprise-scale approach Our program & tools We have worked to develop a strong open source program over the past decade, making it easy for every team at Microsoft to choose to use, contribute to, and release open source software. Many of our tools and approaches are available for you to learn from, too. Our program Our tools The ecosystem we support Innovate faster and more securely with open source on Azure Build on a highly secure cloud platform designed to protect your data and business assets, including proactive, comprehensive compliance coverage. Gain the flexibility to move your app anywhere. Operate seamlessly and elastically, on-premises, in hybrid or multicloud environments, or at the edge. Learn more about open source on Azure Microsoft Open Source Updates Towards debuggability and secure deployments of eBPF programs on Windows Alan Jowett Principal Software Engineer The eBPF for Windows runtime has introduced a new mode of operation, native code generation, which exists alongside the currently supported modes of operation for eBPF programs: JIT (just-in-time compilation) and an interpreter, with the administrator able to select the mode when a program is loaded. Read post Making culture count for Open Source sustainability—Celebrating FOSS Fund 25 Emma Irwin Principal TPM, OSPO Building a culture where every employee can visualize and embrace their responsibility to upstream projects is at the forefront of the Open Source Program’s Office (OSPO) work, which embodies the goals of Microsoft’s FOSS Fund. Read post Feathr feature store joins LF AI & Data Foundation Xiaoyong Zhu Principal Data Scientist, Azure Data Together with our colleagues at LinkedIn, we are happy to announce that Feathr feature store is joining the LF AI & Data Foundation, an umbrella foundation of the Linux Foundation supporting open source innovation in artificial intelligence and data. Read post Community Resources We welcome you to our open communities. Please check out our Code of Conduct and one-time Contributor License Agreement to help us all participate with care. Microsoft's Open Source Code of Conduct Microsoft Contributor License Agreement Third-Party Disclosures Microsoft's Open Source Program Azure Credits OpenAtMicrosoft microsoft/opensource.microsoft.com Powered by Open Source and Microsoft Azure Employee sign-in Jobs Blog Code of Conduct California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Privacy & Cookies Manage Cookies Terms Trademarks © 2023 Microsoft