Build, Promote, and Defend the Internet - Internet Society Skip to content About Us Mission Board of Trustees Team News Our Work Why the Internet? We help grow the Internet We make the Internet stronger We shape the Internet of the future Our Impact Action Plan Impact Report Get Involved Start a fundraiser Become an organization member Become an individual member Member login Attend an event en enfresMore languages ♥ Donate × ♥ Donate We believe in a world where the Internet means opportunity. We care about its future. Learn More About Us We believe in a world where the Internet means opportunity. We care about its future. Learn More About Us Together with our global community, we extend the Internet’s reach and protect its long-term well-being. We help grow the Internet.One-third of the world’s population isn’t connected. We are committed to closing the digital divide by bringing together the people and technology needed to give everyone the access they want. We make the Internet stronger.We advocate for a secure, trusted and more resilient Internet. We defend the Internet from those who could make it less secure, less resilient, and less open. We shape the Internet of the future.We are a global movement that champions an Internet of hope, opportunity, and celebrates humanity. But Internet access is no longer a luxury. It is a virtual lifeline. Be part of the solution. Delivering on the Internet’s Promise The Internet is not a given constant that we can take for granted. When the Internet is at risk, everything we love about it is at stake. It is up to us to secure its future. Our 2024 efforts continue to bring the Internet to those who need it while defending it from threatening forces so that everyone can access the opportunities it brings. Read Our 2024 Action Plan Helping Entrepreneurial Women in Remote Communities The women of rural South America are accessing new economic opportunities with the Internet. No longer limited by their physical location, they are now able to learn new skills, raise their voices, and reach new people. OurNet: The Internet Is Ours The Internet was built by people, for people, but it’s under threat. Life has been positively impacted by the Internet in countless ways. We must work to keep this invaluable resource open and available for all. Explore current threats to the Internet, what life is like with a fragmented Internet, and how we can help. Honor Internet Innovators Show your support for the Internet and the work of innovators like this year’s Internet Hall of Fame inductees.Donate today to help us protect and grow the Internet for future generations. Read Our Blog ”There’s no better place to meet interesting, internationally-minded people with a similar mission. You can have your coffee around the corner. But if you want to see the world, you need to have your coffee with someone from the Internet Society.”Harald SummaMember of the Supervisory Board, DE-CIX, Internet Society organization member We work together to ensure the Internet thrives and everyone can benefit from it. Individual members Organization members Chapters and special interest groups We work together to ensure the Internet thrives and everyone can benefit from it. Individual members Organization members Chapters and special interest groups A small contribution can make a big difference. Give today to support an Internet for everyone. Donate Now A small contribution can make a big difference. Give today to support an Internet for everyone. Donate Now Image copyright:Leading image: © Nyani Quarmyne, We help grow the Internet, We make the Internet stronger: © Nyani Quarmyne, We shape the Internet of the future: © Atul Loke, Read our blog: © Candice Ward, Donate: © Nyani Quarmyne Secondary navigation Our Community Member login Individual members Chapters Special interest groups (SIGs) Organization members Our Ecosystem About the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the Internet Society About Public Interest Registry (PIR) and the Internet Society About the Internet Society Foundation Our Resources About the Internet ARPANET & the history of the Internet Internet technologies Resource library Global Internet Report Newsroom Blog Strengthening the Internet Amicus Program Countering Internet Threats Defending the Internet in the United Nations Extending Encryption Guiding Constructive Internet Policy Network and Distributed System Security (NDSS) Symposium Securing Global Routing Growing the Internet Connecting the Unconnected Fostering Sustainable Peering Infrastructure Measuring the Internet Follow Internet Society on Twitter Follow Internet Society on LinkedIn Follow Internet Society on Facebook Follow Internet Society on Instagram Follow Internet Society on YouTube Internet Society RSS Feed Corporate links navigation Privacy Notice | Terms of Use | Legal | Financials | Contact Us | Careers | Follow Us | Affiliated Sites USA 11710 Plaza America Drive Suite 400 Reston, VA 20190 +1-703-439-2120 Switzerland Rue Vallin 2 CH-1201 Geneva +41-22-807-1444 Other Offices © 2024 Internet Society