Nextgov/FCW - Federal Technology News and Analysis for IT Managers & Acquisition Teams Continue to the site → Skip to Content Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Emerging Tech Modernization People Acquisition Digital Government Newsletters Events Magazine About Insights Advertise Trending Shutdown Artificial Intelligence Customer Experience Cyber Defense Sponsored: Resource Center Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Emerging Tech Modernization People Acquisition Digital Government Newsletters Events Magazine About Insights Advertise Notice at Collection Your Privacy Choices Exercise Your Privacy Rights CISA is coordinating with election security partners for Super Tuesday voting Cybersecurity CISA is coordinating with election security partners for Super Tuesday voting The principal agency responsible for election security is asking public and private sector election administrators to share potential threat information as voters go to the polls. By David DiMolfettaMarch 4, 2024 Biden admin to seek surveillance court blessing to renew Section 702 program through next year Biden’s new data security order leaves industry officials, privacy advocates scratching their heads VA budget bill maintains EHR funding but imposes additional ‘reset’ oversight NSF announces $40 million for AI-powered protein design applications AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states sponsor content Securing the Future: The U.S. Government's Cloud-First Transformation Biden admin to seek surveillance court blessing to renew Section 702 program through next year Biden’s new data security order leaves industry officials, privacy advocates scratching their heads VA budget bill maintains EHR funding but imposes additional ‘reset’ oversight NSF announces $40 million for AI-powered protein design applications AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states sponsor content Securing the Future: The U.S. Government's Cloud-First Transformation Policy VA budget bill maintains EHR funding but imposes additional ‘reset’ oversight The bipartisan FY24 budget package allocates over $1.3 billion for the agency’s new electronic health record system but makes 25% of that funding contingent on enhanced transparency around VA’s ongoing EHR “program reset.” By Edward Graham March 4, 2024 Artificial Intelligence AI could help clear food stamp backlogs plaguing some states States are increasingly seeing it as a way to better process public benefit programs amid workforce shortages and outdated technology issues. But change can be incremental amid policy and money concerns. By Chris Teale March 4, 2024 Emerging Tech NSF announces $40 million for AI-powered protein design applications The National Science Foundation wants researchers across disciplines to develop applications for artificial intelligence that boost researchers’ advancements in protein design. By Alexandra Kelley March 4, 2024 Sponsor Content Sponsor Content No-Code Automation Software is the Future for Federal Agencies Take control of risk management processes with the most advanced, easy-to-use GRC software. Presented by Onspring Acquisition State is taking an ‘important step’ for planned EHR, as key lawmaker moves to speed it up State’s Bureau of Medical Services has been working for more than a decade to replace its current paper-based medical record system with an electronic solution to better meet the healthcare needs of its diplomatic corps. By Edward Graham March 1, 2024 Digital Government IRS Direct File to be fully available March 12 The tool is a new way for eligible taxpayers to file directly with the IRS online for free. By Natalie Alms March 1, 2024 Cybersecurity Biden’s new data security order leaves industry officials, privacy advocates scratching their heads Implementing the executive order will involve crafting new legal mechanisms for data transfers while assuaging ongoing privacy concerns. By David DiMolfetta March 1, 2024 Get the latest federal technology news delivered to your inbox. email Stay Connected Get the latest federal technology news delivered to your inbox. email Cybersecurity FCC staff targeted in phishing attack that cloned agency login site A cybercriminal group built a duplicate webpage used by employees to validate their login credentials. By David DiMolfetta March 1, 2024 Emerging Tech Warner, Blackburn team up to reestablish U.S. leadership in international tech standards New bipartisan legislation would ask NIST to help the U.S. establish a stronger international presence in setting emerging technology standards. By Alexandra Kelley February 29, 2024 Acquisition GSA officials have ‘fundamental disagreements’ with OIG in legality of Chinese camera purchases, per House committee The agency’s procurement of Owl Labs cameras as part of a pilot program came under scrutiny in January. By David DiMolfetta February 29, 2024 Sponsor Content Sponsor Content Building a Secure Foundation for American Leadership in AI Help chart a clear path forward for building a secure foundation for your agency or institution. Presented by Google Cloud Artificial Intelligence Senate committees to start marking up AI bills soon, senator says One of the Republican members of the bipartisan AI working group estimated that major Senate committees will begin marking up AI-related legislation “in March or April.” By Edward Graham February 29, 2024 Artificial Intelligence Congressional Black Caucus launches AI Policy Series spotlighting discrimination The new series of discussions hosted by the House’s Congressional Black Caucus will focus on ensuring AI systems are working for, not against, Black communities. By Alexandra Kelley February 29, 2024 Policy Biden admin to seek surveillance court blessing to renew Section 702 program through next year The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court will receive the White House filing next month. By David DiMolfetta February 29, 2024 Acquisition Biden administration waives certain ‘Build America’ requirements for broadband Even with the waiver, though, the administration estimates that roughly 90% of funding for equipment will still be used to purchase U.S.-made products. By Kery Murakami February 29, 2024 Events Digital Event | March 7 Cyber Defenders March 7, 9:00 am, ET Latest Digital Edition Show All Featured eBooks CX in Action Read Now Next Steps for CMMC Read Now Space Tech Read Now Policy Congress reaches fiscal 2024 funding deal, new stopgaps in hopes of averting shutdown Lawmakers must act in a hastened and united fashion to pass the new CR before funding expires this week. By Eric Katz February 28, 2024 Policy Civil liberties groups urge Congress to keep 702 measures out of upcoming funding votes Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act is set to expire on April 19 unless reauthorized by Congress. By David DiMolfetta February 28, 2024 People SSA taps White House tech official for CIO post Marcela Escobar-Alava will be starting as the CIO of the Social Security Administration on Monday. By Natalie Alms February 28, 2024 Artificial Intelligence IBM calls for stricter regulatory posture on deepfakes The multinational tech company supported legislation that outlaws synthetic AI-generated content By Alexandra Kelley February 28, 2024 Artificial Intelligence Using AI to fight fraud is paying off, Treasury says The tech has helped recover over $375 million since Treasury began using it over a year ago. By Natalie Alms February 28, 2024 Digital Government HealthCare-dot-gov enrollees will also receive voter registration emails, vice president says The communications are part of a Biden administration effort to improve voting rights and access. By Edward Graham February 28, 2024 Next About Contact Us Events Advertise Digital Editions Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Government Executive Defense One Route Fifty Washington Technology More © 2024 by Government Media Executive Group LLC. All rights reserved. Back to top × Please read our Privacy Policy as it has recently been updated. Nextgov/FCW uses cookies for analytics and personalization. By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name I Work For... — select — Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines ▼ Agency/Department — select — Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency ▼ Agency/Department — select — Government Association County Municipal Special District State ▼ Agency/Department — select — ▼ Organization Function — select — Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other ▼ Please Provide Your Org.'s Name Industry — select — ▼ Job Title Job Function — select — Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management ▼ Phone Number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other ▼ Country Name Yes, I want to receive occasional updates from partners I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. × Get the latest federal technology news in your inbox. Sign up for Federal Tech Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Department of Defense (Civilian) Department of Defense (Military) Federal Government State/Local Government Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Sign up Privacy Policy Almost There! Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Department of the Air Force Department of the Army Department of the Navy Joint Chiefs of Staff National Intelligence Agency Office of the Secretary of Defense Other Defense Agency Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Department of Justice Department of Labor Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury Department of Veterans Affairs EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Communications Commission Federal Trade Commission GSA Judiciary Branch Legislative Branch NASA National Institute of Health OMB OPM SSA USPS Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Special District State Organization Function --select-- Elected Official/Legislative/Executive Office Environment/Energy Finance/Budget Health & Human Services Public Safety/Emergency Services/Law Enforcement Technology Transportation/Utilities/Infrastructure Other Organization Name Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Communications & Marketing Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Technology Management Phone number Zip code Country United States EEA (European Economic Area) Canada Other Country Name Yes, Nextgov/FCW can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. I agree to the use of my personal data by Government Executive Media Group and its partners to serve me targeted ads. Learn more. Submit More from Nextgov/FCW Privacy Policy