DAN LYONS 0 Skip to Content DAN LYONS BOOKS SPEAKING ARTICLES REVIEWS WORKSHOPS ABOUT Open Menu Close Menu DAN LYONS BOOKS SPEAKING ARTICLES REVIEWS WORKSHOPS ABOUT Open Menu Close Menu BOOKS SPEAKING ARTICLES REVIEWS WORKSHOPS ABOUT Talk less, listen more and improve your own life and the lives of the people around you. From New York Times bestselling author and self-confessed overtalker Dan Lyons comes the book people can’t stop talking about … STFU: The Power of Keeping Your Mouth Shut in an Endlessly Noisy WorldSusan Cain meets Mark Manson in New York Times bestselling author Dan Lyons’s STFU, a desperately needed wake-up call for a world that demands we keep tweeting, posting, and podcasting that proves the most important thing might be to shut the f*ck up!Talk less, get more. STFU is all about inspiring people to speak with intention and engage with the world in ways that create an advantage. Buying a new car or house? Hoping to move up the ladder at work? Trying to win friends and influence people? Learn how to shut the f*ck up. By identifying five types of overtalkers (don’t worry, Dan’s a recovering one, too) and five exercises to cure our babbling ways, STFU is a prescriptive, informative book that empowers us to become better at nearly every facet of our daily lives—and, more important, to improve the lives of the people around us. PRE-ORDER:Macmillan Books | Amazon | B&N | BAM | Bookshop.org | IndieboundOn Sale March 7, 2023! Talk about things that make you STFU! I was stunned when TIME said they wanted to publish an excerpt from STFU. But I was speechless when TIME made my book their cover story. Click on the cover to read the article, and let me know what you think. Are you a Talkaholic? Take the quiz. STFU makes the cover of TIME! Apple Loves the Audio Book! Super psyched that Apple Books has named STFU a “Must-Listen” title!I did the audio myself, so you get to hear the book in my Boston accent. Which I think adds a lot of appeal. Check out this audio excerpt to get a taste.Download the Apple Audio Book. PRAISE FOR STFU“Read this book--your boss will thank you. Your spouse will thank you. And you'll thank yourself! Good communication is measured not by the speaker, but by the listener. How can you know what's going on in another person's ear? Start by STFU! For most of us, that's easier said than done. Dan Lyons will explain how to do it, and why it will improve your relationships at work and at home.”—Kim Scott New York Times bestselling author of Radical Candor“STFU convinced me that, by keeping my big mouth shut, I will be happier and more productive and so will everyone else in my life. Dan Lyons' ridiculously funny gem taught me how to shut up, pay fierce attention to others, stifle my 'manalogues' and so many more antidotes for my talkaholic tendencies. My only problem is that, after reading STFU, I can’t stop talking about how much I love this book!”—Robert I. SuttonOrganizational psychologist, Stanford professor, and New York Times bestselling author of seven books including The No Asshole Rule“Lyons cuts through the noise even as he critiques it. Timely, clever, and important. Need I say more? (Probably not).”—David LittFormer speechwriter for President Barack Obama and New York Times bestselling author of Thanks, Obama“Want to help with those loudmouthed jerks, the ones polluting our media and our minds of late? Want to avoid being one yourself? STFU teaches us what we all need to learn: how to listen, pause and speak. How to communicate with intention, and power. The book opens your mind by closing your mouth. I could go on, but I’ll shut up now.”—Aaron JamesNew York Times bestselling author of Assholes: A Theory “In the establishment-skewering tradition of Voltaire, Cervantes and Jonathan Swift, we now have a voice for our own digital age.” That’s how Newsweek raved about Dan’s satirical novel, Options: The Secret Life of Fake Steve Jobs. Dan has published six books, including Disrupted: My Misadventure in the Startup Bubble, a global bestseller. He wrote for HBO’s hit comedy, “Silicon Valley,” and was a technology journalist at Forbes, Fortune and Newsweek. He loves to give speeches. Inquiries RepresentationChristy Fletcher at Fletcher & Co.Fletcher & Co. Speaking/WorkshopsTom Neilssen, BrightSight GroupBrightSight Speakers Contactdan@danlyons.io