News, Sports, Jobs - Maui News newslink MAUI NEWS × News Local News Community News Business On The Campaign Trail Religion Hawaii News National News International News Sports Local Sports Sports Spotlight Hawaii Sports National Sports Opinion Blogs As Maui Dines Bald-Headed Truth Editorial Letters to the Editor Columns Life Maui Scene Pau Hana Spice of Life Art Backstage Latest Movies Dining Out Island Events Cover Maui Beat Maui Music Scenemakers Side Orders Weddings Obituaries Memoriams Jobs Classifieds TV Events Print Ad Directory Public Notices Browse notices Place a notice Contact Information Contact Us Advertise Terms of Service Submit News News Sports Opinion Life Obituaries Jobs Classifieds Place Notice SUBSCRIBE March 05, 2024 | Today's Paper | Submit News | Subscribe Today Today's Paper | Subscribe Local News What to expect in Hawaii’s Democratic presidential caucuses March 5, 2024 43rd Annual Kapalua Wine & Food Festival premier wines, culinary delights The Maui News KAPALUA, Maui, HI –The 43rd Annual Kapalua Wine & Food Festival returns June 6-9, 2024, for a ... Mayor Richard T. Bissen, Jr. will present State of the County Address March 15 at Castle Theater The Maui News The public is invited to attend the 2024 State of the County Address, which will be presented by ... What happened to the coral reef after the Lahaina fire? Stewards promote Aoha ‘Aina at sensitive sites more Local News Local News Community News Local Sports Business Letters to the Editor Maui Coronavirus Impacts Lunas’ Donez is MaxPreps Hawaii Player of the Year Gillcoat’s future looks bright after winning bronze medal at worlds Kawehi Gillcoat is on a mission and his future in the combat sport of jiu-jitsu appears extremely bright. Gillcoat won a bronze medal in the ... Healthwise Maui Ka‘ana Mana‘o: Reflecting Back and Facing Future more Maui Coronavirus Impacts Local Sports Na Pueo, Bears tops at MIL surf opener Valley Isle Scoreboard MIL MEET NO. 1 Friday’s Top 8 Results At Yamamoto Track & Field Facility Boys 100 meters—1. Jonah Cariaga, Maui High, 11.10; 2. ... Local Calendar Adolpho, Hoopai-Waikoloa help Farmers take 2 from Spartans more Local Sports Obituaries Mary Joan Reppun On February 16, Mary Joan Reppun, our beloved Tutu, passed away at the age of 78. An amazing educator, Mary taught fifth grade in the Lutheran school system for ... Toshie Kohatsu Nako Toshie Kohatsu Nako, 91 died on February 8, 2024 at Hale Makua Kahului, under Hospice Maui care. She was born March 11, 1932 in Paia, Maui to ... James Kalua Shane Patrick O’Farrell more Obituaries Columns Expediting new housing opportunities through the ‘ohana Assistance Program Under the ‘ohana Assistance Program, the County of Maui will provide grants of up to $100,000 to help build accessory-dwelling units. I introduced the ... Sharing Mana‘o The ultimate Vegas wedding: The Super Bowl and sports betting more Columns Letters to the Editor Kind of guy we need running the country The Trumpies are banging on Joe Biden to do something about illegal immigration. To do the job safely and efficiently and humanely, thousands of new hires will ... Newspaper’s staffer deserves state-wide honor Homes and condos are for residents, not visitors more Letters to the Editor Community News Series No. 2 MEO Core Four Business Planning Course for 2024 set Pet of the Week Ahead of the Class more Community News more ResultsVote Read a digital version of the newspaper on your computer, tablet or smart phone using either an app or a web browser. Employment News › MOST READ What to expect in Hawaii’s Democratic presidential caucuses Mayor Richard T. Bissen, Jr. will present State of the County Address March 15 at Castle Theater Mary Joan Reppun Toshie Kohatsu Nako Kind of guy we need running the country 43rd Annual Kapalua Wine & Food Festival premier wines, culinary delights Obitsmauilegalhelp wanted Newsletter Today's breaking news and more in your inbox I'm interested in (please check all that apply) Daily Newsletter Breaking News Obituaries Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper? Yes No Brand Builders Advertising affords you the opportunity to give people reasons to do business with you rather than your competition. News Local News Obituaries Community News Business Sports Local Sports Sports Spotlight Hawaii Sports National Sports Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columns Contact Submit News Advertise Contact Us Weddings Backstage Island Events Copyright © Maui News | https://www.mauinews.com | 100 Mahalani Street, Wailuku, HI 96793 | 808-242-6363