Franciscan University Faith & Reason - Join us along with WildGoose for My father's Father Log InSign Up Search Franciscan University Presents Join Host Fr. Dave Pivonka, TOR and panelists as they discuss a range of Catholic topics. Presents Home Dec 2023 Our Sorrows and the Seven Sorrows Rosary Immaculée Ilibagiza Handouts Mar 2024 Overcoming the Vice of Acedia Dr. Brandon Dahm Feb 2024 The Catholic Church and Slavery Dr. Paul Kengor Recent Episodes November 2023 Priesthood in the Bible Father Anthony Giambrone, OP October 2023 Unity of Body and Soul Archbishop Paul Coakley September 2023 Love Basics From Scripture Dr. John Bergsma Podcasts Tune into Franciscan University's podcasts. Podcasts Home Presents The popular EWTN show is now a podcast! Each month, tune in to listen to some of the world’s top Catholic scholars, thinkers, and leaders hosted by Fr. Dave Pivonka, TOR, and panelists Dr. Regis Martin and Dr. Scott Hahn. Listen Now They That Hope Fr. Dave Pivonka, TOR, and Dcn. Bob Rice see hope and humor in a crazy world! Sports, family life, theology, and superheroes are recurring topics in their weekly conversations. Join Fr. Dave and Dcn. Bob as they see reasons for hope all around us. Listen Now Legends from the Hill In celebration of the 75th Jubilee of the University, alumni throughout the 75 years will share their candid stories of life on campus and the impact of the university on their life. Join us every 2 weeks as we hear legends from the hill. Listen Now Magazine Franciscan University's Alumni Magazine Magazine Home View Latest Issue Recent Articles Ministry as a Way of Living Jessica Walker Thinking About the Synod Judy Roberts "Mass" Conversion: How I Discovered the Eucharist Dr. John Bergsma Pilgrimages Join Franciscan University Pilgrimages as we visit destinations throughout the world where faith is strengthened, spirits are encouraged, and souls are renewed. With Franciscan friars and expert guides, you will have the opportunity to learn more about our Catholic heritage and its roots. Pilgrimages Home Guadalupe Pilgrimage with Fr. Dave Pivonka, TOR 89 April 17 - April 22, 2024 | 5 Days Learn More More Pilgrimages Healing Pilgrimage to France May 11 - May 20, 2024 Alaska Pilgrimage Cruise August 6 - August 13, 2024 Donate to Franciscan Give to the Annual Fund Provide students with the assistance they need to attend Franciscan and pursue their vocations. Give Now Support the Capital Campaign Help Franciscan rebuild the Church, enhance our academics, and change the world. Join Us Explore Our Other Opportunities Discover more ways to partner with us to educate, to evangelize, and to send forth joyful disciples. See More Presents Podcasts Magazine Pilgrimages Donate Log InorSign Up Franciscan University of Steubenville Faith speaks to reason—and reason responds. In the beautiful tension of the two, we find eternal truth. God gifted us our intellects so that we can hear the symphony of dialogue between faith and reason. But, as with all important conversations, it’s imperative to ask the question—are we listening? Scripture Reflections Join Father Dave Pivonka, TOR, and Father Jonathan St. André, TOR, for reflections that deepen your understanding of God's Word. My father's Father Join Father Dave Pivonka, TOR, as he journeys home to reflect on the need to know God as Father. "Faith and reason are like two wings upon which the human spirit rises to the contemplation of truth; and God has placed in the human heart the desire to know the truth — in a word, to know himself — so that by knowing and loving God, men and women can come to the fullness of the truth about themselves." —ST. POPE JOHN PAUL II Franciscan University Presents Dec 2023 Our Sorrows and the Seven Sorrows Rosary Guest: Immaculée Ilibagiza Can we learn to suffer without complaining? How can praying with Mary’s sorrows help us embrace our own sorrows and bring us consolation? What does Mary promise to…... WATCH VIDEO Nov 2023 Priesthood in the Bible Guest: Father Anthony Giambrone, OP What does priesthood in the Old Testament have to do with the Catholic priesthood? Didn’t Jesus do away with the Levitical priesthood, Temple worship, and bloody sacrifices? How…... WATCH VIDEO Oct 2023 Unity of Body and Soul Guest: Archbishop Paul Coakley Can a person be born in the wrong body? Why does the Church insist that there are only two sexes? How do we accompany someone struggling with gender…... WATCH VIDEO Sep 2023 Love Basics From Scripture Guest: Dr. John Bergsma How is the Bible the “Book of Love”? Did God create the world for marriage? What do marriages in the Old Testament tell us about God’s relationship with…... WATCH VIDEO VIEW MORE EPISODES Podcasts The popular EWTN show is now a podcast! Each month, tune in to listen to some of the world’s top Catholic scholars, thinkers, and leaders hosted by Fr. Dave Pivonka and panelist Dr. Regis Martin and Dr. Scott Hahn. Fr. Dave Pivonka, TOR, and Dcn. Bob Rice see hope and humor in a crazy world! Sports, family life, theology, and superheroes are recurring topics in their weekly conversations. Join Fr. Dave and Dcn. Bob as they see reasons for hope all around us. In celebration of the 75th Jubilee of the University, alumni throughout the 75 years will share their candid stories of life on campus and the impact of the university on their life. Join us every 2 weeks as we hear legends from the hill. VIEW MORE PODCASTS OUR FRANCISCAN STORY Franciscan's story is dynamic—and we love that you're a part of it. Subscribe and learn more about our amazing students, listen to the powerful insights of our guest speakers, and stay updated with quarterly updates from the President's Office. First Name Email Address * Franciscan Magazine Franciscan University's Alumni Magazine VISIT MAGAZINE HOMEPAGE Give to Franciscan Our mission is to educate, evangelize, and send forth joyful disciples. We invite you to partner with us. LEARN MORE Franciscan University of Steubenville Privacy Policy Subscriber Agreement Contact Us