The Humane Society of the United States| End suffering for all animals Skip to main content The Humane Society of the United States Main navigation Our Fights Our Impact How You Can Help Blog Donate Button Donate Main Menu × Search Humanesociety.org Protect native carnivores KEEP WILDLIFE REFUGES SAFE A proposed rule would ban predator control of native carnivores on the National Wildlife Refuge System, protecting countless wildlife living on refuges. Urge the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to finalize this rule! Protect native carnivores KEEP WILDLIFE REFUGES SAFE A proposed rule would ban predator control of native carnivores on the National Wildlife Refuge System, protecting countless wildlife living on refuges. Urge the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to finalize this rule! agefotostock / Alamy Stock Photo We are the nation's most effective animal protection and animal welfare organization working to end suffering for all animals. A world without the Humane Society of the United States Without the Humane Society of the United States, these animals might still be suffering and facing unthinkable cruelty and neglect. Donate today to join the fight to stop the suffering of all animals! With your help, we stand up and fight for all animals who are suffering. Learn more about how you can get involved. What We Work On Meredith Lee / The HSUS 2022 Triple your lifesaving impactFor many animals, tomorrow might be too late. Become a member and your gift can TRIPLE the impact for animals who are suffering. Donate Today BAN WILDLIFE KILLING CONTESTS Thousands of wild animals in the U.S. are killed annually for fun or bragging rights. Help us put an end to this cruelty. Take Action PROTECT WILDLIFE IN YOUR BACKYARD Every day, more wildlife habitats are lost to development. Your gift can help wildlife, native plants and more. Make a Gift Get the latest updates from A Humane World blog Ukrainian Red Cross Two years after the invasion, we’re still helping families and their pets in war-torn Ukraine "A Humane World" blog February 29, 2024 Jessica Hyder / The HSUS In Tennessee, new law and free doghouses for families who need them "A Humane World" blog February 27, 2024 Kevin Wolf / AP Images for the HSUS USDA permanently revokes license of breeder where our Animal Rescue Team saved 110 cats "A Humane World" blog February 22, 2024 Your gift will do so much for animals in need We never know where disasters will strike or when animals may need rescue, but we know we must be ready. Donate today to support our lifesaving work. Help Save Lives Get HSUS news and action alerts Mobile number Thank you for signing up for text alerts!You will receive text messages with ways to help animals right from your phone. By providing your mobile number, you agree to receive autodialed, recurring text messages from the HSUS with updates and ways you can help animals. Message and data rates may apply. Text STOP to 77879 to opt out, HELP for info. Privacy policy. Terms and conditions. Footer All Our Fights Animals Events News Press Room Blog Shop Stream Podcast Donate One-time and Recurring Membership Matching Gifts Major Gifts and Grants Legacy Giving Vehicle Donation Host a Fundraiser Volunteer About us Our Mission Leadership Governance Financial Information Affiliates Careers Internships Diversity, Equity and Inclusion FAQ Contact Us All Animals magazine Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube © 2024 The Humane Society of the United States Privacy policy and terms. The Humane Society of the United States is registered as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions to the HSUS are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law. The HSUS's tax identification number is 53-0225390. Transparency in coverage. Footer Right Better Business Bureau Accredited Charity