Yii PHP Framework Guide API Wiki Forum Community Live Chat Extensions Resources Members Hall of Fame Badges More Learn Books Resources Develop Download Yii Report an Issue Report a Security Issue Contribute to Yii Donate About What is Yii? Release Cycle News License Team Official Logos and Design Login Yes, it is! Yii is a fast, secure, and efficient PHP framework. Flexible yet pragmatic. Works right out of the box. Has reasonable defaults. Looking for Yii 3 progress? Donate Get Started Step 1 Installation The primary way of installing Yii is by using Composer. Install Composer Get a basic project template Run ./yii serve Step 2 Welcome Page You get a nice template which includes: MVC Some static pages Contact via email form Login and logout Bootstrap UI template Powerful debugger and more... Step 3 Migrations While Yii can virtually eliminate most repetitive coding tasks, you are responsible for the real creative work. This often starts with designing the whole system to be built, in terms of some database schema. The best way to do this is by using migrations. Step 4 Gii code generator After it's done, use the code generator to generate models, CRUD and more. Then customize the generated code to suit your needs. Step 5 Where to go next Check these helpful resources: Documentation Community Extensions Fast Yii gives you the maximum functionality by adding the least possible overhead Secure Sane defaults and built-in tools helps you write solid and secure code Efficient Write more code in less time with simple, yet powerful APIs and code generation Latest News Mar 3, 2024 Yii Data Response 2.1 Yii Data Response package was updated with the following enhancements and fixes: » read more Mar 2, 2024 Yii Request Provider 1.0 First stable release of yiisoft/request-provider was tagged. » read more Feb 22, 2024 Yii Runner RoadRunner 3.0 Major version of Yii Runner RoadRunner package was released. » read more Feb 21, 2024 Yii Validator 1.2 Yii Validator package was updated with the following enhancements and fixes: » read more Read all news Books and Videos on Yii The Yii Book (Second edition) ■ Author: Larry Ullman Covers everything from very basics to advanced topics. Explanations are very clear. Additionally to the guide-style chapters there are two complete examples. The second edition (for Yii 2.0) is not finished yet, but buyers can download updates as they are available. PHP Web Application Development ■ Author: Bill Keck It is a step by step introduction to the framework, which is based around creating a reusable template that can serve as the basis for your projects. Web Application Development with Yii 2 and PHP ■ Author: Mark Safronov Based around implementing a real world CRM following many best practices. It is assumed that reader is experienced enough in OOP so don't expect OO-basics explained. Learning Yii Testing ■ Author: Matteo Pescarin Embrace 360-degree testing on your Yii 2 projects using Codeception. Yii2 Application Development Cookbook - Third Edition ■ Author: Andrew Bogdanov, Dmitry Eliseev The book is a set of individual independent recipes. Each recipe shows how to do something useful with Yii explaining why it's done, how it's done, why it works and how exactly it works. See all books Testimonials Craft CMS Craft is a content-first CMS that aims to make life enjoyable for developers and content managers alike. Choosing the right PHP framework was a vital decision when we set out to build Craft. With its elegant, modular architecture, rich internationalization support, and helpful documentation, Yii was a perfect fit. Brandon Kelly creator of Craft HumHub HumHub is a free social network software and framework built to give you the tools to make communication and collaboration easy and successful. Yii Framework is our rock solid foundation and provides us with numerous well designed features already out of the box. Especially the flexibility in form of modules or the event concept, perfectly match our requirements. In and above that, Yii has very active and helpful community! Lucas Bartholemy CEO of HumHub LUYA LUYA is a free and open-source toolbox to build websites and web applications of any size, extending the Yii Framework with an administration, a content management system and other useful modules. For us, the well-thought-out, solid Yii Framework is the giant upon whose shoulders LUYA is built. We are happy to be a part of the passionate Yii community. Basil Suter Lead developer of LUYA Latest Tutorials Integrating Yii3 packages into WordPress Create Bootstrap5 based Image carousel with thumbnails How to add a DropDown Language Picker (i18n) to the Menu How to Create and Use Validator Using Regular expressions GridView show sum of columns in footer. Convert JSON data to html table for display on page Aadhar Number Validator Interview Questions For YII2 How to send email via Gmail SMTP in Yii2 framework JWT authentication tutorial Latest Extensions neoacevedo/yii2-auditing Registra cambios de sus modelos ActiveRecord de Yii2 luguohuakai/yii2-dm DM8 Driver for Yii2 Framework. rashedalkhatib/yii2-datatables DataTables widget for Yii2 eluhr/yii2-json-attribute-behavior This behavior automatically decodes attributes from JSON to arrays before validation, handling errors and re-encoding if vali... ip2location/ip2proxy-yii Allow users to query an IP address if it was being used as open proxy, web proxy, VPN anonymizer and TOR exit nodes, search e... ip2location/ip2location-yii Lookup for visitor's IP information, such as country, region, city, coordinates, zip code, time zone, ISP, domain name, conne... See more projects using Yii See all tutorials See all extensions About About Yii News License Contact Us Downloads Framework Documentation Extensions Logo Documentation Guide API Wiki Resources Development Contribute Latest Updates Report a Bug Report Security Issue Community Forum Live Chat Facebook Group Hall of Fame Badges Terms of service License Website Source Code © 2008 - 2024 Yii Design: Eshill Terms of service License Website Source Code © 2008 - 2024 Yii Design: Eshill Supported by