Entrust | Identities, secure payments, and protected data Skip to main content Utility Menu Support Region Selection English List additional actions 中文 Português Français Deutsch Русский 한국어 Español Italiano 日本語 Main navigation Solutions By Topic Zero Trust Multi-Cloud Security Post Quantum Cryptography Digital Onboarding Compliance By Use Case Phishing Resistant Identities Secure Connections Secure Data Digital Account Opening Financial Card Issuance Electronic Signature By Industry Education Enterprise Financial Government Healthcare View All Solutions Products Payment & Credentials Central Issuance Instant Financial Issuance Digital Card Identities Identity & Access Management (IAM) Identity Verification Electronic and Digital Signing Instant ID Issuance Data Protection Digital Certificates (TLS/SSL) Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) Key Management & Encryption View All Products Resources Document Library Case Studies Solution Briefs FAQs Knowledge Base View Document Library Thought Leadership Cybersecurity Institute Blog Connect With Us Events Webinars View All Resources Partners Partner with Entrust Join one or more of our partner programs and we’ll help you increase profitability, expand your brand, and target strategic customers. Become a Partner Partner Directory Search for partners based on location, offerings, channel or technology. Access the Directory Partner Logins Login to your favorite services like Partner Central, Entrust Certificate Services, and TrustedCare. Company About Us History Leadership Careers News Press Releases News Articles Legal Legal and Compliance Privacy Statement Terms of Use Buy Printer Supplies Color Ribbon Kits Cleaning Accessories Retransfer Cleaning Adhesive Sleeves View All Supplies Buy Certificates TLS / SSL Certificates Verified Mark Certificates (VMC) Document Signing Solutions Code Signing Certificates View All Certificates Certificate Services Portal Existing Entrust Certificate Services customers and partners can login and manage certificates and accounts. Customer Portal Login Partner Portal Login Contact Sales Entrust Homepage Entrust Enters Exclusive Discussions to Acquire Onfido Read the Announcement 2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Entrust Named a Challenger for Access Management Read the Report Entrust Cybersecurity Institute Critical insights for C-suite leaders. Podcasts, blogs, videos, reports, newsletters, and more. Learn More Previous Next Entrust keeps the world moving safely by putting secure digital transformation within reach. Our portfolio of identity and security solutions enables the world's most discerning customers to accelerate growth, protect their assets, and build trust into every digital interaction. Industries We Serve As a global leader and trusted partner, we help deploy secure, innovative solutions across a range of industries including: Financial Government Enterprise View All Digital Security Solutions Our identity and data security solutions help advance Zero Trust security journeys, prepare for a Post-Quantum future, and manage multi-cloud operations. Zero Trust Post-Quantum Readiness Multi-Cloud Operations Secure Digital Journeys We build trust into every customer and citizen digital interaction, from account opening and onboarding, to enabling users with unified digital credentials and digital signing capabilities. Digital Onboarding Financial Issuance Digital Signing Our Impact Entrust has issued more than 20 billion payment cards over the past five decades. Entrust protects more than 100 million workforce and consumer identities. Entrust encrypts and secures more than 24 million Swift messages daily. Image Image We have a long history together and we’re extremely comfortable continuing to rely on Entrust solutions for the core of our business. We have used Entrust HSMs for five years and they have always been exceptionally reliable. We’ve layered a lot of code on top of the HSM; it delivers the performance we need and has proven to be a rock-solid foundation. Neal Harris Security Engineering Manager, Square, Inc View Case Study Image As a global payment solutions and commerce enablement leader, Verifone’s strategy is to develop and deploy “best in class” payment solutions and services that meet or exceed global security standards and help our clients securely accept electronic payments across all channels of commerce. We selected Entrust HSMs to provide robust security, unmatched performance, and superior scalability across our payment security platforms… Joe Majka Chief Security Officer, Verifone View Case Study Image The Entrust nShield sales team provided excellent local and remote support during this evaluation period and was invaluable to the process. The excellent depth, breadth, and quality of the product documentation gave us confidence that the solution was well thought-out and supported. Robert Fairlie-Cuninghame QAI Technical Lead/Architect, Memjet View Case Study Image Entrust provided the expertise needed to design and implement a tailored, secure VoIP solution. Marek Dutkiewicz Polycom View Case Study Trust us to help you meet your compliance requirements Image PSD2 and Open Banking Our solutions facilitate compliance, help reduce fraud, and secure transactions. Learn More Image eIDAS Meet the EU's requirements for secure electronic transactions with our trusted solutions. Learn More Image HIPAA Protect patient healthcare data and comply with healthcare regulations. Learn More The world’s most entrusted organizations trust us Our customers and partners, including some of the biggest companies in the world, rely on our solutions to serve their customers and secure their organizations. Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Image Accelerate Your Organization’s Growth At Entrust, we’re laying the secure foundation that protects identities, payments, and data and advances your organization in an ever-changing world.Our identity and data security solutions enable Zero Trust strategies and the secure interactions your customers and citizens want. Entrust can help you secure your today, protect your tomorrow, and accelerate your growth. Image Entrust Cybersecurity Institute Get critical insights and education on security concepts from our monthly newsletter, explainer videos, and the Cybersecurity Institute Podcast. Image Reports Image Podcasts Image Videos Learn More Image NIST Delivers the Draft Standards for Post-Quantum Cryptography Read the blog post from the Entrust Cybersecurity Institute on NIST's PQC standards and what NIST and the NSA recommend organizations do to prepare for the quantum computing threat. Learn More Image Building a Solid Foundation for Your Zero Trust Framework Download this report from the Entrust Cybersecurity Institute to learn the key considerations, components, and questions to ask about Zero Trust before your company pursues a comprehensive data security strategy. Download Now Image Introducing high-performance, crypto-agile hardware security modules Introducing the all-new Entrust hardware security modules – a leap forward in cryptographic performance and agility. Meet today’s data protection compliance requirements and tomorrow’s with FIPS-140-3 certified security and ensure your most important assets are not compromised. Learn More Contact Contact Sales Contact Support Find a Location Company About Support Partners Careers Events Webinars Impressum Newsroom Blog News Press Releases Cybersecurity Institute Product Resources Entrust Store Resources Library Training Legal and Compliance Covid 19 Updates CONTACT SALES Legal Privacy Statement Internet Based Ads Terms of Service Company Policies Cookie Preferences Do Not Sell ©2024 Entrust Corporation. All Rights Reserved.