Cochrane | Trusted evidence. Informed decisions. Better health. Jump to navigation Language: English Deutsch Español فارسی Français हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Bahasa Indonesia 日本語 한국어 Bahasa Malaysia Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский தமிழ் ภาษาไทย 简体中文 繁體中文 More languages available Show fewer languages Media Contact us Community My Account Cochrane Trusted evidence. Informed decisions. Better health. Cochrane Evidence Synthesis and Methods ► Welcome Early Bird Registration Now Open for the Global Evidence Summit Latest News and Events What are the benefits and risks of drugs acting on the immune system to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis ? 5 March 2024 Podcast Call for abstracts: Shape the future of evidence at the 2024 Global Evidence Summit 29 February 2024 News Cochrane's 2024 International Women’s Day Event 4 March 2024 Event Massage for neck pain 28 February 2024 Evidence How effective and safe are single-incision slings for women with urinary incontinence compared with other operations? 23 February 2024 Podcast Smartphone apps for people with overweight or obesity 22 February 2024 Podcast Cerebrolysin for acute ischaemic stroke 21 February 2024 Podcast Does meditation help prevent people from developing cardiovascular disease or from worsening cardiovascular disease? 20 February 2024 Evidence Join us for the Global Evidence Summit in Prague, 10- 13 Sept 2024 Latest Cochrane evidence 'Hospital at home' services to avoid admission to hospital Updated: 5 March 2024 Multiple perceptions about implementing hospital at home Published: 5 March 2024 Alternative ways to organise delivery of health care to older adults living in aged care facilities Published: 1 March 2024 What are the benefits and risks of the uncut Roux-en-Y operation after removing the lower portion of the stomach in the treatment of gastric cancer? Published: 29 February 2024 Interventions for the management of oral submucous fibrosis Updated: 28 February 2024 Massage for neck pain Updated: 28 February 2024 See more Our evidence About us Join CochraneCochrane Membership Volunteer for Cochrane Looking after our volunteers Patients and carers Cochrane Students Cochrane Engage Donate News and jobs Cochrane Library ► Our funders and partners ◄ ► See more Cochrane About Cochrane Cochrane.org Who we are Get involved Consumer Network Partners Colloquium In the news Publications Cochrane Library Cochrane Reviews (CDSR) Trials (CENTRAL) Cochrane Clinical Answers Cochrane Evidence Synthesis and Methods Community Community Cochrane Account Training Support Methods Software Jobs and opportunities Cochrane Store Contact us General enquiries Cochrane Library support Cochrane Groups Media Trusted evidence. Informed decisions. Better health. Copyright © 2024 The Cochrane Collaboration Index | Disclaimer | Privacy | Cookie policy We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. OK More information