Consent Management Platform (CMP) | Usercentrics New Preserve Google ads personalization and measurement features in the EU and/or EEA. Implement Consent Mode v2 before March 2024. Act now Company About Us Diversity & Inclusion Careers Open Positions Press Contact Trust Center RFI Template Log in Support English Deutsch Português Français Italiano Español Products Products Usercentrics Web CMP Cookiebot™ Web CMP Usercentrics App CMP TV application Preference Manager Consent Management API Features Analytics & Reporting Integrations Smart Data Protector Product extensions Server-side Tagging Data Subject Access Requests Data privacy audit Free Web Compliance Scan Free App Compliance Scanner Regulations DMA (EU) GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) VCDPA (Virginia) LGPD (Brazil) POPIA (South Africa) FADP (Switzerland) TCF 2.2 (IAB) Google Consent Mode (EU) Pricing Resources Resources Overview Blog Whitepapers Checklists Case Studies Release Notes Developer Documentation Newsletter Events Events and Webinars Consented Podcast Hubs Digital Markets Act Google Consent Mode Partner Find a Partner Become a Partner Company About Us Diversity & Inclusion Careers Open Positions Press Contact Trust Center Log in Contact sales Free trial Search Unlock marketing opportunities with consented data Usercentrics data privacy solutions help you create trustworthy brand experiences for your website visitors and mobile app users. Request a demo Explore our products and pricing 5.2 billion monthly consents 99%+ customer retention rate 3,000+ partners Trusted by 1.4 million websites in 180+ countries View more customers Get your free data privacy audit now! Start scan Oops, something is wrong with the URL. Please check again. How easy Usercentrics CMP worksThe Usercentrics Consent Management Platform (CMP) provides transparency for all cookie usage and tracking technologies on your website. Obtain consents Comply with the obligation to inform Meet legal requirements Audit-proof documentation Manage consents Flexible data protection strategy Instantly adaptable to new legal requirements Optimize consents A/B Testing Reactivation of opt-out users Contextual Consent for YouTube, Google Maps, Social Plugins and many more INTEGRATIONS Get Consent For All of Your Technologies Usercentrics’ consent management platform is compatible with all your favourite marketing tools from Analytics, A/B Testing and Tracking to Retargeting, and more. Learn more about integrations Top 3 reasons to use aConsent Management Platform?The Usercentrics Consent Management Platform (CMP) enables transparency for the use of cookies and other tracking technologies on websites and apps. Build user trust and your competitive advantage. Marketing A CMP to Protect Your Advertising Revenue No consent equals significant restrictions for your digital marketing and a drop in your advertising revenue. Benefit from new privacy KPIs Turn privacy into a competitive advantage Optimize your opt-in rates Legal A CMP to Minimize Your Legal Risk Stay on the safe side with a consent management platform that can easily be adapted to your legal strategy and to the current legal situation. Privacy breaches are visible to everyone at all times Protect yourself from warnings and hefty fines and spare yourself any hassle with the authorities Trust Boost Your Users’ Trust with Our CMP Win your users’ trust with a professional transparent consent management platform and get ahead of the competition Be transparent in the way you inform your customers about what data is processed, by whom, and for what purpose Harvard Study: Transparency increases opt-in rates by 11% A consent management platform trusted around the globe Gardening / Landscaping “We want to be transparent with our customers about how and when we collect data, and we must fulfill legal requirements. Usercentrics was the best for us all around — price, software capabilities, Customer Success, and a German company. The Analytics are very helpful to see exact accept/deny interactions, which enables us to further optimize our services for customers.” Robert Gunnell, Head of Shop Management at Dehner Retail / Consumer Goods “We chose Usercentrics CMP because it's the market-leading platform for Consent Management with a well known reputation. Cooperation and support from the Usercentrics team during implementation was very customer-oriented and fast. Customizing the banner was really user-friendly and it's always automatically updated for new legal requirements, and our cookie acceptance rates have been high.” Team Lead E-Commerce, Müller Handels GmbH & Co. KG Ecommerce / Optical “On the recommendation of our data protection officer, we decided on Usercentrics in 2020 for 4Care's three webshops and multiple websites. Implementation and customizing the banner was done within a few weeks, and the cookie handling and classification functionality has been really useful. It's been good working with the Usercentrics team to help us ensure GDPR compliance.” Bernd Behrens, Managing Director at 4Care GmbH Services / Consulting “Treating our customers with respect and making sure we always comply with the latest privacy standards is important to us. Usercentrics was recommended by a service provider, and onboarding only took a few days. The team is friendly and responds quickly. The cookie banner is user-friendly, stable and secure.” Katja Enke, Project Manager at WiR GmbH Building Materials “Cookie compliance is important to us for customer opt-in rate, so we can use Google Ads, Microsoft Ads with better and correct numbers. We chose Usercentrics because of the brand, the use of the Google Consent Mode and the ability to use A/B testing. Having a tool that is up to date with regulations and enables easier customer consent are the main business values for us.” Maurice Grimberg, CEO at HMG Dach und Wand Zeven GmbH Imaging Technology “Ensuring users can decide what information to provide to us is central to our legal strategy and regulatory requirements. We chose Usercentrics because the CMP has been easy to implement and maintain, the functionality is frequently updated, and response times are very fast. We have a lot of IDs and properties in one account. Customization is user-friendly and previewing before publishing is really convenient. We know exactly what services are allowed to be active, and the extensive list of predefined services is regularly updated and saves us work.” Moritz Aubke, Search Engine Marketing Manager at Konica Minolta Entertainment Ticketing “We have many websites and want customers to have the best experience. Respecting user privacy is as important as measuring marketing activities and performance. Setup was easy and Usercentrics understands our needs.” Lars Schmidt, SEO & CRO Manager at Reservix GmbH Software Services “After a short and simple implementation process, Usercentrics has allowed us to rollout templates with already defined consent technologies, so we can finally focus on the real issues that bring us further.” Larissa Wißmann, Head of Digital Enterprise Services at Haufe Group Marketing “Powerful solution offering fast support and professional design, with a highly customizable Consent Management Platform at its core.” Christian Thanninger, Manager E-Commerce & Marketing at Gebr. DOLLE Insurtech “Usercentrics makes it possible for businesses to stay GDPR-compliant without any hassle when using tracking technologies on websites.” Michael Schmitz, Entrepreneur In Residence at EMIL Group Tech “With Usercentrics Consent Management Platform, we smoothly meet the expectations of our most demanding clients, who consider transparency and data sovereignty as crucial.” Markus Zipfel, Web-Developer at aimcom – brands & communications We Have Been Awarded Leader Within The Category of Best Consent Management Platform for The Sixth Consecutive Term! Contact our expert teamWe’re happy to answer questions about our consent management platform and get you acquainted with Usercentrics. Looking to partner with us? Apply here Contact sales Free trial Read the Usercentrics blog Regulations How the European Digital Markets Act (DMA) impacts user privacy and consent management The European Digital Markets Act (DMA) came into force in November 2022 and gatekeepers have been nominated by the European Commission. But how does the DMA... by Usercentrics Learn more > RegulationsData Privacy The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - an overview The EU’s GDPR is a well-known, influential privacy law. We look at how it addresses consumer rights, companies’ responsibilities and enforcement. by Usercentrics Learn more > AppsData Privacy Top 5 best practice tips for obtaining mobile app consent User consent is a necessity and a clear competitive advantage for app developers. Learn how to best obtain, manage and optimize consumer consent. by Usercentrics Learn more > Useful resources from Usercentrics Start with ourGDPR Checklist Download Checklist Apps and data privacy: What are the market benefits of compliance on apps? Read more Google Consent Mode Resources Hub Browse our resources Webinars, Whitepapersand more Browse our resources UsercentricsSupport Contact support Usercentrics PartnerDirectory Find a partner Achieve compliance with GDPR, ePrivacy, DMA and more. Talk to an expert Subscribe to our newsletter Stay up to date with the latest news about data privacy topics such as GDPR, ePrivacy, DMA and TCF 2.2 as well as Usercentrics’ solutions. Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. By clicking on “Sign up” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Usercentrics newsletter. I agree that my data may be used for any information related to the products and services offered by Usercentrics™. I can easily revoke this by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email or simply write to unsubscribe@usercentrics.com. See Privacy Policy Products Website Consent Management App Consent Management AMP Websites (Beta) Smart Data Protector Preference Manager Dynamic Website Policies Regulations DMA (EU) GDPR (EU) CCPA (California) VCDPA (Virginia) LGPD (Brazil) POPIA (South Africa) FADP (Switzerland) TCF 2.2 (IAB) Google Consent Mode (EU) Legal Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions USA Privacy Policy Legal Notice Resources Support Blog Whitepapers Checklists Case Studies Events and Webinars Developer Documentation Partner Login Find a Partner Become a Partner Company About us Diversity & Inclusion Careers Press Customer Directory Contact Trust Center © Copyright 2024 Usercentrics GmbH Terms & Conditions Terms & Conditions USA Privacy Policy Legal Notice Trust Center English Deutsch Português Français Italiano Español € EUR Euro (EUR - €) US Dollar (USD - $) British Pound (GBP - £) Partnerships and certifications