Dr. Axe | Health and Fitness News, Recipes, Natural Remedies Dr. Axe Search for: Subscribe About Dr. Axe Dr. Axe Subscribe Search for: Health Allergies Brain Health Cancer Children’s Health Diabetes Gut Health Heart Health Endocrine System Mental Health Skin & Hair Health Symptoms Treatments Weight Loss Nutrition Diets Fats & Oils Fruit Grains Hemp Herbs & Spices Mushrooms Nuts & Seeds Supplements Vegetables Vitamins & Minerals Recipes Beverages Breakfasts Main Dishes Side Dishes & Soups Salads Sauces & Dressings Snacks Desserts Recipe Search Essential Oils Beauty Body Care Cleaning Hair Care Oral Care Skin Fitness Anatomy Injury & Rehab News & Tips Running Workouts Yoga About Dr. Axe Dr. Axe on Facebook Dr. Axe on Instagram Dr. Axe on Google Plus Dr. Axe on Youtube Dr. Axe on Pintrest Dr. Axe on RSS Dr. Axe on Instareads Ad Health Exhausted? 10 Ways to Boost Energy Levels If you find yourself feeling sluggish mid-afternoon, fighting to stay alert throughout the day, struggling with adrenal fatigue or... Read more » Health Hay Fever: Natural Ways to Treat Seasonal Allergy Symptoms What makes spring so beautiful for many people leads to misery for those who... Read more » Fitness The Best Chest Workouts + Chest Exercises for Size & Strength There’s a reason Superman has an “S” on his chest. A large, well-developed chest... Read more » Nutrition Top 10 Spring Vegetables: Nutrition, Benefits + How to Eat Springtime is a symbol of new beginnings, a boost of activity within nature and... Read more » Ad News Study Finds Maternal Inflammation Risk Factors Associated With Children’s Behavioral, Emotional Regulation Read more » Keto Diet for PCOS: Research Finds Potential Benefits for Fertility Read more » Metal in Baby Food: Research Reveals Risk of Ingesting Heavy Metals Read more » Insomnia, Stress Linked to Irregular Heartbeat in Postmenopausal Women Read more » Trending Health Dangers of Heavy Metals & How to Do a Heavy Metal Detox Symptoms and even chronic diseases related to heavy metal toxicity (also called heavy metal... Read more » Nutrition Detox Your Liver: A 6-Step Liver Cleanse Every person’s health and well-being depends on how well the body removes and purges... Read more » Essential Oils Frankincense Essential Oil Uses and Benefits for Healing Essential oils like frankincense oil have been used for thousands of years for their... Read more » Nutrition Shilajit: The Ancient Brain-Boosting, Hormone-Regulating Medicinal “Herbomineral” When you consider a new supplement, the first thing that comes to mind is... Read more » Nutrition Sucralose: 5 Reasons to Avoid This Artificial Sweetener Many of our friends and family members have been duped into believing that artificial... Read more » Nutrition Mullein: The Herb that Fights Infections and Inflammation Mullein has been used since ancient times, and its use and popularity only seem... Read more » Nutrition 17 Fish You Should Never Eat, Plus Safer Seafood Options Fish can serve as either a power food or an inflammatory, toxic nightmare for... Read more » Beauty Salt Water Flush Recipe + Benefits, Risks & How to Do It Are you like 20 percent of the public that suffers from constipation? It’s nothing... Read more » Nutrition Daniel Fast: Benefits for Your Spiritual, Emotional and Physical Health I want to introduce you to a secret healing therapy that can take your... Read more » Nutrition Castor Oil Benefits for Skin, Hair, Constipation and More For centuries, at the first sign of illness, many parents and grandparents would immediately... Read more » Recent Recipes Recipe Chicken Salad Recipe Whether you have leftover chicken from a previous recipe or dinner or are in... Read more » Recipe Chocolate Avocado Mousse Recipe Avocado chocolate mousse is one of my favorite healthy sweet treats. It combines the... Read more » Recipe Broccoli Salad Recipe A super easy side dish that is a hit at family meals. Read more » Latest Stories Nutrition Vanilla Extract’s Mind-Boosting, Anti-Inflammatory Benefits When you hear “vanilla extract,” what do you think of? Your first answer is... Read more » Health Eating Too Little & Exercising Too Much? Risks of Female Athlete Triad Does this situation sound familiar to you? A young woman loves to work out, practice... Read more » Essential Oils Thyme Oil Helps Get Rid of Infections, Increase Circulation & Balance Hormones Thyme oil is one of the strongest antioxidant oils around, and it has been... Read more » Nutrition 21 Healthy Whole Grains & the Benefits of Eating Them Whole grains have long been considered a key component of a healthy diet. In... Read more » Essential Oils 11 Benefits of Melissa Essential Oil Melissa essential oil, also known as lemon balm oil, is used in traditional medicine... Read more » Nutrition Medjool Dates: The Healthiest Natural Sweetener? We already know that eating fruits provides many health benefits, so when something is... Read more » Health How to Get Rid of Vertigo Have you ever felt like the world around you was suddenly spinning, that you... Read more » Nutrition Top 10 Spring Fruits That Pack a Nutritional Punch As the season of rebirth and growth begins, it becomes much easier to eat... Read more » Beauty How to Get Rid of Stinky Feet: 6 Natural Ways No one wants to deal with the embarrassment of stinky feet. For anyone troubled... Read more » Nutrition Red Algae Benefits: What You Need to Know About Red Marine Algae From vibrant coral reefs to hidden tide pools, the ocean teems with life, including... Read more » Ad Let's Be Friends Dr. Axe on Facebook 2.8MFollowers Dr. Axe on Instagram 869KFollowers Dr. Axe on Youtube 2.1MSubscribers Dr. Axe on Pinterest 609KFollowers Follow us: Dr. Axe on Facebook Dr. Axe on Instagram Dr. Axe on Google Plus Dr. Axe on Youtube Dr. Axe on Pintrest Dr. Axe on RSS Dr. Axe on Instareads Inside Dr. Axe About Us Contact Media Inquiries Stores We Love Program Login Article TopicsBone Broth Collagen Essential Oils Leaky Gut Keto Diet Omega 3s Probiotics Medical Disclaimer This content is for informational and educational purposes only. It is not intended to provide medical advice or to take the place of such advice or treatment from a personal physician. All readers/viewers of this content are advised to consult their doctors or qualified health professionals regarding specific health questions. Neither Dr. Axe nor the publisher of this content takes responsibility for possible health consequences of any person or persons reading or following the information in this educational content. All viewers of this content, especially those taking prescription or over-the-counter medications, should consult their physicians before beginning any nutrition, supplement or lifestyle program. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Affiliate Disclosure DMCA Policy Careers © 2024 Dr. Axe. All Rights Reserved.