Breaking News & Views for the Progressive Community | Common DreamsTo donate by check, phone, or other method, see our More Ways to Give page.×LATEST NEWSOPINIONCLIMATEECONOMY POLITICS RIGHTS & JUSTICEWAR & PEACELATEST NEWSOPINION UNRWA Chief Accuses Netanyahu of 'Concerted Campaign' to Destroy Aid Agency Jake JohnsonMar 05, 2024News Australian PM First Western Leader Referred to ICC as 'Accessory to Genocide in Gaza' Julia ConleyMar 04, 2024News Federal Court Blocks Workplace DEI Training Ban in DeSantis' 'Stop Woke' Law Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024News Deepfakes of Black Trump 'Supporters' Spark Fresh Calls to Ban AI in Political Ads Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024News Bernie Sanders Calls for Major Overhaul to Solve US Retirement Crisis Julia ConleyMar 04, 2024News 'Disgraceful' Supreme Court Hands Victory to Trump in 14th Amendment Case Jon QueallyMar 04, 2024SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERQuality journalism. Progressive values. Direct to your inbox.Follow UsOpinionClimateEconomyPoliticsRights & JusticeWar & PeaceOpinion Theatre of Cruelty—And Its Double: From Aaron Bushnell to Biden's Gaza Airdrop Richard EskowMar 04, 2024Opinion Biden's Middle East Policy Trades Humanitarian Aid for Endless Warfare Walid S. MosarsaaMar 04, 2024Opinion Today's Dastardly Ruling by the Supreme Court Robert ReichMar 04, 2024Opinion On Safety, Comfort, and the Importance of Speaking Out Cynthia KaufmanMar 04, 2024Opinion The Problem With Complicity Philip BalboniMar 04, 2024Opinion Architects of the Disastrous Iraq War Want a Do-Over in Gaza Jim LobeMar 03, 2024Further In Life As In Death: Let Them See That Many Remember Defying fear, cold, threats of arrest, thousands of Russians came to pay their mournful respects to Alexei Navalny, long "living proof that courage is possible," at his funeral this weekend. People chanted "No To War," "Putin Is A Murderer," and, hauntingly, "Navalny"' over and over as they waited in long lines amidst a massive police presence to honor a man "who was not scared of anything." "You weren't afraid," they avowed to his memory, "and neither are we."For almost 15 years, Navalny, 47, a former lawyer turned blogger and unflinching activist, endured "a slow-motion assassination attempt" by a Russian government that sought to break him because he wouldn't shut up, and by a leader who so pathologically reviled him he refused to say his name. Since 2010, when he posted leaked documents exposing a $4 billion embezzlement scheme by the state-run oil pipeline Transneft, Navalny endured some of the worst excesses of Russian repression as punishment for staying alive. He was harassed, detained, half-blinded, repeatedly jailed on fake charges; he was a fiery orator at protests, did "a dangerously good" job running for Moscow mayor, tried to run for president; his Anti-Corruption Foundation produced slick, stirring, deeply researched videos about Putin's kleptocracy amidst his citizens' dirt-poor lives, including the two-hour “Putin’s Palace: The Story of the World’s Largest Bribe” about a $1.3 billion Black Sea villa boasting a hookah bar, hockey rink, helipad and vineyard.After collapsing from a poisoning by the lethal nerve-agent Novichok on a return flight from Siberia - he survived when the pilot spontaneously diverted the plane to get emergency treatment - he spent three weeks on a ventilator in Germany and five months in recovery. Then he returned to Russia in January 2021, honoring his long-held belief it would be hypocritical to be in exile and not share the abuses other Russians were living through. "Besides," he said with his trademark grin and wit, "What bad things can happen to me inside Russia?" Before he left, he took part in the Oscar-winning documentary Navalnyby German filmmakers; when they asked, if he was killed, if he had any message for the Russian people, he looked intently into the camera and soberly said, "You should not remain inactive." Then, self-effacing, he turned away laughing. Putin denied any involvement in the assassination attempt, telling the media if Russian security had really wanted to kill the activist, they "would have finished the job." On his return, Navalny was quickly re-arrested, the start of a series of grim crackdowns. He was moved between prisons before being given a 19-year sentence at the Gulag-era, Arctic Circle "Polar Wolf" penal colony, with perhaps the most brutal conditions of Russia's vast prison system - frigid cold, repulsive gruel for food, beatings, surveillance, solitary confinement and isolation aimed at "breaking the human spirit." One former prisoner: "It was complete and utter annihilation." Still, Navalny held on. "Few things are as refreshing as a walk (at) 6:30 a.m,” he joked in a letter of forced exercise at minus 26 degrees. "And you wouldn’t believe the lovely fresh wind that blows into the courtyard." Even in his last, gaunt appearance at a hearing the day before he was killed, he smilingly razzed the judge for some of his "enormous salary" to get more books. The next day, his mother, who'd been visiting, was handed a note; it said Alexei had "felt unwell" after a walk and died of “sudden death syndrome.” Doctors confirmed "the death of the convict."Hours later, Alexei's wife Yulia made a poignant appearance at the Munich Security Conference, where she was scheduled to speak. "I thought, ‘Should I stand here before you or should I go back to my children?’" she said. "Then I thought, ‘What would have Alexei done?'" Still, Russia's repression machine churned on. Alexei's mother battled for days to retrieve his body, and to get permission for a funeral in Moscow, not the solitary tundra. The funeral of a Russian dissident, many noted, "always reflects the political moment." In 1986, that of Anatoly Marchenko, the last political prisoner to die behind bars, was a dark time, said his son, but this is worse: Soviet officials "at least needed to pretend to look humane" to the west; in Putin's regime, "They don’t care about the optics." In 2015, when critic Boris Nemtsov was gunned down, he was due to hold a protest with Navalny, in jail for 15 days; the court refused him funeral leave, but he visited the grave his first day out, insisting, "There will be no let-up in our efforts - we will give up nothing."Russia's "fiercest advocate for democracy" was mourned across Russiaand around the world, where activists protested to show "we (still) exist...The idea of (Navalny's) 'beautiful Russia of the future’ hasn’t died." Grotesquely, amidst the grieving, only a buffoon of America's right seemed not to know that a hero had been lost. The day of Navalny's death, useless idiot Tucker Carlson pranced and gushed through a Moscow grocery store, dazzled by the fresh bread, slick carts and low prices, part of a fawning propaganda tour of a city "so much nicer than any city in my country!" with its elegant, slave-labor-built subway, fast food many Russians can't afford, tyrant-enforced lack of "filth and crime" or messy diversity that "will radicalize you against our leaders." Jon Stewart masterfully ripped his ignorant cant, citing "the hidden fee to your cheap groceries and orderly streets - the literal price of freedom." "Ask Alexei Navalny or any of his supporters," he snapped. "I mean, liberty is nice, but have you seen Russia's shopping carts?" (Or North Korea's).In the days leading up to Navalny's funeral, the Kremlin had warned "unauthorized gatherings" would violate the law, and across the country they arrested hundreds of people for laying flowers at makeshift memorials. Still, at Friday's ceremony in a quiet Moscow suburb near where Navalny lived until 2017 with his family, up to 10,000 people braved the threats and cold to join what became Russia's largest opposition gathering in decades. Surrounded by bulky, armed, masked police who recorded their passports, a sea of mourners came in grief and rage, gravely standing in lines that stretched a kilometer, bearing candles, placards, armloads of flowers, remnants of hope, chanting “Russia without Putin!” “Russia will be free!” “Putin is a murderer!” and "Navalny! Navalny!" For every person there, many noted, there were likely 100 or 1,000 more who'd stayed home out of fear but were with them in spirit; allies in exile urged supporters to honor Navalny by going to local memorials to the victims of Soviet-era repression. — (@) The Kremlin had tried to thwart efforts to hire a hearse to carry Navalny’s body to the church, the Icon of the Mother of God Soothe My Sorrows. When it finally arrived and pallbearers lifted out the coffin, people in the crowd began clapping, chanting and crossing themselves. Navalny was laid to rest in a brief Russian Orthodox ceremony attended by close relatives, including his parents and mother-in-law, holding candles. He lay in an open coffin, his body covered in red roses; a funereal chaplet, a paper ribbon with the image of Jesus, Mary and John the Baptist, lay across his forehead. Despite enduring church ties to the Kremlin, many opposition figures, including Navalny, still count themselves among the faithful. Though Nalany rarely went to church, he said being an Orthodox Christian made him feel “like I am part of something big and shared." After the ceremony, people streamed to nearby Borisovskoye Cemetery, where they lined up, often weeping, to pass by the fresh grave and toss in flowers or handfuls of dirt.Navalny's wife Yulia and two children, who are living outside Russia, did not attend. "I don't know how to live without you," Yulia wrote in a final tribute, thanking him for "26 years of absolute happiness" and vowing to continue his work. "But I will try to make you happy for me and proud of me up there." His 23-year-old daughter Daria, a senior at Stanford University, also posted a tribute saying he had given his life for his family and for Russia. In 2021, she accepted the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize for human rights advocacy on behalf of her father. "Ever since I was a child, you taught me to live by certain principles. To live with dignity," she wrote."You always were and will forever be an example for me. My hero. My dad." Earlier, before the funeral, Vladimir Putin was asked if he had any message for the family Nalany had left behind. Putin said he had "nothing to say." — (@) With no coverage of the funeral allowed on Russian state TV, Navaly's support team in exile broadcast it often tearfully on YouTube, where over a quarter of a million people watched; many sent messages of sorrow and defiance, which streamed alongside the images. Scenes from the funeral were also broadcast on Twitter and by some Western media, including CNN, thoughat one point their Internet connection was blocked. On social media, several people posted footage of the final moments at the cemetery when Navalny's coffin was lowered into the ground. In a flourish true to Navalny's unflagging sense of humor, the coffin slowly dropped to the ending music for 1991's "Terminator 2," which Navalny called "the best film on earth," maybe because it told the story of a small but impassioned group fighting back against a powerful enemy. The last scene sees Arnold Schwarzennegger being lowered into molten steel as he proclaims, "I'll be back.""What did Alexei mean to you?" asked one journalist of an older woman at the funeral. She responded, "He was not afraid to ascend to Golgotha." Many others echoed their respect for his fearlessness, resilience, tenacity. "We came just to honor the memory of the person who was not scared of anything," said one. Also, "I loved this person, I loved this hero." And, "It may be the only opportunity to say good-bye to Alexei. I may not be able to go inside, but at least I will give a part of my heart." One woman quoted an online comment: "This man sacrificed himself to save the country, and the other man sacrificed the country to save himself." "We act according to the behests left by Alexei Navalny," she said. "His name will go down in history." — (@) Some media reports suggest Putin finally decided to kill Navalny amidst talk of a pending prisoner exchange that would have included Navalny, who as the noose tightened horribly around him had reportedly given up his opposition to exile. Putin, paranoid and power-crazed, could never accept his nemesis going free. But he also - see paranoid and power-crazed - likely panicked, and didn't think through to the dangers of martydom. "Even behind bars, Navalny was a real threat to Putin, because he was living proof that courage is possible, that truth exists, that Russia could be a different kind of country," writes Ann Applebaum in The Atlantic. "Now Putin will be forced to fight against Navalny’s memory, and that is a battle he will never win."The brave souls, sorrowful but firm, who made their daunting way to Navalny's funeral seem to confirm that. Again and again, asked why they had risked their safety to be there, they said the same thing in different ways: "We had to." "You can't not come," said one woman." Let them see that many remember, many know. It's not possible to silence it." "It's no longer scary," said another woman. "There's already such pain, such anger - it's impossible to sit and be afraid." Another pointed to the long line of fellow patriots where she stood. "It is good to be here in the company of like-minded people," she said. "Nobody is scared. Everyone knows what they want. It is not scary when we are together."Abby ZimetMar 03, 2024FurtherSEE ALL News UN Official Warns Africa Will Be Trillions Short of Needed Climate Funds by 2030 Thor BensonMar 04, 2024News 1 Million Acres Burned by Texas Smokehouse Creek Fire Thor BensonMar 04, 2024News Biden EPA Accused of 'Caving' to Industry Pressure on Gas-Fired Power Plants Jake JohnsonMar 02, 2024News Imperiling Climate Goals, Global Resource Extraction Set to Surge 60% by 2060 Thor BensonMar 01, 2024News Planet-Warming CO2 Emissions Surged to Record High in 2023 Thor BensonMar 01, 2024News Fingers Point at Big Oil Climate Villainy as Record Wildfire Rips Through Texas Jessica CorbettFeb 29, 2024News 'Climate Time Bomb': Infrastructure Law Funds Highways Over Public Transit The law that the Biden administration has heralded as "a once-in-a-generation investment in America's infrastructure" that would help to "build a clean energy economy" has led to an explosion in state-level spending on highway expansion, leading one transportation advocacy group to project on Wednesday that the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law will result in more emissions from transport than if it hadn't passed. The law, officially known as the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA), gave state transportation officials discretion over how to spend money distributed by the $1.2 trillion package, but Transportation for America warned in a new analysis of 57,000 projects that the law has revealed itself to be a "climate time bomb," with more than half of the funds—about $70 billion—so far spent on resurfacing and expanding highways. Only about $25 billion of the money dispersed to states has been spent on transit and passenger rail, even as Americans clamor for more public transportation options. As Inequality.orgreported last week, a 2023 nationwide survey found that 71% of respondents believed the U.S. "should be shifting funding from highways to public transit," and 70% said such a shift would be better for people's "health, safety, and economy." "Considering the billions of federal dollars already spent on highway expansion projects, it's going to take more than self-congratulation over the bill's historic funding to undo the environmental harms."Just 18% said building more highways and highway lanes would reduce traffic, cutting down on greenhouse gas emissions—of which transportation is already the biggest source globally and in the United States.Transportation for America found that unless states change course, highway expansions paid for by the IIJA will lead to more than 178 million tons of greenhouse gas emissions by 2040 and will be only slightly offset by emissions-reducing measures in the law. "While the IIJA could have been a win for the environment, across the country, states have instead used this once-in-a-generation level of funding to expand roadways the same way they've been doing for years," wrote Corrigan Salerno, a policy associate for the group. "Considering the billions of federal dollars already spent on highway expansion projects, it's going to take more than self-congratulation over the bill's historic funding to undo the environmental harms."The group noted that the Biden administration advised states to prioritize highway repairs over expansion, but states including Texas and California have forged ahead with plans to increase congested roads' capacity for more vehicles. "So much of the decision making falls to state departments of transportation," Mary Buchanan, research and policy manager at TransitCenter toldThe Guardian. "There are essentially 50 opportunities to get this right, I guess, or to potentially get it wrong, in terms of how money is being spent."The analysis was released a day after an Indiana state House committee approved a bill delaying implementation of dedicated bus lanes in Indianapolis to "study the transportation option," with Republicans in favor of the bill saying the state needs to have an "overall conversation about road funding."One Democratic lawmaker who has advocated for more public transit options in the city "broke into tears," according to local public broadcasting affiliate WFYI, as he called the decision "really, really, really bad public policy."Indianapolis residents had testified for months against the bill, WFYI reported. Salerno called on the Biden administration and the U.S. Congress to "explore every means available" to reduce transportation emissions. "Congress needs to get real—the largest and most growing sector of emissions is transportation," Salerno wrote. "If we want to tackle congestion and the climate crisis, instead of offering platitudes, the next transportation bill needs to offer clean mobility options, like transit, car share, active modes, and electrification—not just the same strategies that got us in this position in the first place."Julia ConleyFeb 29, 2024NewsClimateSEE ALL News Bernie Sanders Calls for Major Overhaul to Solve US Retirement Crisis Julia ConleyMar 04, 2024News 'Historic Victory': Swiss Approve Pension Boost, Reject Later Retirement Olivia RosaneMar 04, 2024News Both Dems and GOP 'Completely Silent' as Macy's Guts Workforce After Rewarding Wall Street Julia ConleyFeb 29, 2024News Corporate Tax Avoidance Rampant During First 5 Years of Trump-GOP Law: Study Jake JohnsonFeb 29, 2024News Sanders Report Warns Nearly Half of Older Americans 'Have No Retirement Savings' Brett WilkinsFeb 28, 2024News Biden DOJ Launches Antitrust Probe Into Medicare Advantage Behemoth UnitedHealth Jake JohnsonFeb 28, 2024News Climate-Fueled Extreme Weather Costs US Nearly $100 Billion a Year The climate crisis is already having a major impact on the U.S. economy, and the damages are only going to increase.A new report from the reinsurance company Swiss Re estimates climate change is currently costing the U.S. roughly $97 billion per year. This cost comes from the increased frequency of natural disasters that are connected to climate change, which is driven by the burning of fossil fuels. "Climate change is leading to more severe weather events, resulting in increasing impact on economies," said the Swiss Re group's chief economist Jerome Jean Haegeli. "Therefore, it becomes even more crucial to take adaptation measures."Swiss Re looked at data from 2022 and analyzed the impact of natural disasters on the GDP of 36 countries, including the U.S., to establish its findings. The report focused on the effects of floods, tropical cyclones, winter storms, and severe thunderstorms.While the effects of climate change on the U.S. economy were significant, the country that was most affected by it was the Philippines. The report says climate change impacted 3% of the country's GDP. The U.S. saw a 0.4% impact on its yearly economic output.The report states that all countries must do whatever possible to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to help lessen the potential economic costs of climate change-related natural disasters. It says countries must also better prepare for the effects of climate change to reduce these costs. One effect of climate change, increased heatwaves, was not factored into this report. A study from 2022 found that human-caused increases in heatwaves potentially cost the global economy over $29 trillion between 1992 and 2013. Some experts have suggested the effects of climate change are actually costing the U.S. over $120 billion per year. While there's no universally agreed upon number, it's clear that the costs of the climate crisis are high, and they'll only increase as it gets worse. Decarbonizing the economy isn't a cheap endeavor, but letting climate change spiral out of control would have much more dire economic effects.Thor BensonFeb 28, 2024NewsClimateEconomySEE ALL News Deepfakes of Black Trump 'Supporters' Spark Fresh Calls to Ban AI in Political Ads Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024News Minnesota Dems Aim to Repeat 'Uncommitted' Campaign Success on Super Tuesday Olivia RosaneMar 04, 2024News AIPAC's Dark Money Arm Unleashes $100 Million Blitz on Progressives Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024News 'Disgraceful' Supreme Court Hands Victory to Trump in 14th Amendment Case Jon QueallyMar 04, 2024News Casar Leads Call for Probe of Election 'Rigging' as Pakistani Lawmakers Choose New PM Jake JohnsonMar 03, 2024News At Rallies Nationwide, Low-Wage Workers Tell Political Leaders: 'Our Votes Are Demands' Jake JohnsonMar 02, 2024News Republican Who Once Proposed Sunsetting Social Security Floats Leadership Bid Republican Sen. Rick Scott said Friday that he is "seriously considering" a bid to succeed Sen. Mitch McConnell as leader of the Senate GOP caucus, an announcement that brought renewed attention to his previous support for sunsetting all federal programs every five years—including Social Security and Medicare. Scott (R-Fla.), who lost a challenge to McConnell (R-Ky.) in 2022, said in an appearance on "The Charlie Kirk Show" that McConnell's decision to step down as Republican leader at the end of the year represents "a big opportunity." "We could actually have somebody that actually believes in this country and believes in solving the problems of this country running the Senate when we get a majority in November," said Scott, who is up for reelection this year. "We could make big change." Two years ago, Scott—then serving as head of the Senate GOP's campaign committee—released an agenda under which "all federal legislation" would lapse and require reauthorization by Congress every five years. Critics were quick to note that Scott's plan would entail sunsetting Social Security, Medicare, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and other key laws. McConnell, no friend of Social Security, was among those who pushed back on Scott's proposal, forcing him to belatedly amend it to exempt Social Security and Medicare from the five-year sunsetting process. Scott, the richest U.S. senator, also proposed hiking taxes on low-income Americans. He dropped the plan after facing backlash. Oh, you mean Democratic ad makers are going to be able to cite "potential Republican Senate leader Rick Scott" and his plans to sunset Social Security and Medicare while raising taxes on half the population? https://t.co/Ux4jY4O9uw — Brendan Duke (@Brendan_Duke) March 1, 2024 So far, only Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) has officially announced his candidacy for the GOP leadership position, though Sens. John Thune (R-S.D.)—the number two Senate Republican—John Barrasso (R-Wyo.) are other potential contenders, along with Scott.Prior to his tenure in the U.S. Senate and as Florida's governor, Scott served as CEO of a hospital company that was hit with a total of $1.7 billion in fines for defrauding Medicare. At the time, the Justice Department described it as "the largest healthcare fraud case in U.S. history."Jake JohnsonMar 02, 2024NewsPoliticsSEE ALL News Federal Court Blocks Workplace DEI Training Ban in DeSantis' 'Stop Woke' Law Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024News Florida House Republicans Advance Bill to 'Deny the Legal Existence' of Trans People Brett WilkinsMar 01, 2024News Federal Judge Dismisses Pharma Giant's Challenge to Medicare Drug Price Negotiations Julia ConleyMar 01, 2024News EPA Praised for Boost to 'Life-Saving' Protections From Chemical Incidents Jessica CorbettMar 01, 2024News 'Utterly Ridiculous': Biden DOJ Aims to Bypass Congress to Renew Spying Power Jake JohnsonMar 01, 2024News Senate Dems Reintroduce Bill to 'Restore Critical Safeguards' of Voting Rights Act Brett WilkinsFeb 29, 2024News Federal Judge Blocks 'Blatantly Unconstitutional' Texas Border Law Migrant rights advocates on Thursday cheered a U.S. judge's decision to temporarily block a looming Texas law that critics argue is federally unconstitutional—even though the state's Republican attorney general has already filed an appeal.U.S. District Judge David Ezra of the Western District of Texas granted a preliminary injunction to prevent the enforcement of Senate Bill 4, which would empower local and state authorities to arrest and deport undocumented immigrants. Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott signed the law in December, along with S.B. 3, which allocates over $1.5 billion for "border security" measures."This is a major step in showing the state of Texas and Gov. Abbott that they do not have the power to enforce unconstitutional, state-run immigration policies.""The court's decision to block this anti-immigrant law from taking effect is an important win for Texas values, human rights, and the U.S. Constitution," said David Donatti, senior staff attorney at the ACLU of Texas, in a statement. "Cruelty to migrants is not a policy solution."The U.S. Department of Justice challenged S.B. 4 on constitutional grounds—as did a lawsuit filed by the state and national ACLU along with the Texas Civil Rights Project (TCRP) on behalf of American Gateways, El Paso County, and Las Americas Immigrant Advocacy Center. The two cases were consolidated and led to Thursday's ruling.As the judge wrote in his 114-page opinion: Several factors warrant an injunction. First, the supremacy clause and Supreme Court precedent affirm that states may not exercise immigration enforcement power except as authorized by the federal government. Second, S.B. 4 conflicts with key provisions of federal immigration law, to the detriment of the United States' foreign relations and treaty obligations. Third, surges in immigration do not constitute an "invasion" within the meaning of the Constitution, nor is Texas engaging in war by enforcing S.B. 4. Finally, to allow Texas to permanently supersede federal directives on the basis of an invasion would amount to nullification of federal law and authority—a notion that is antithetical to the Constitution and has been unequivocally rejected by federal courts since the Civil War"We celebrate today's win, blocking this extreme law from going into effect before it has the opportunity to harm Texas communities," said Aron Thorn, a senior attorney with TCRP's Beyond Borders Program. "This is a major step in showing the state of Texas and Gov. Abbott that they do not have the power to enforce unconstitutional, state-run immigration policies."Jennifer Babaie, director of advocacy and legal services at Las Americas Immigrant Advocacy Center, declared that "with today's decision, the court sent a clear message to Texas: S.B. 4 is unconstitutional and criminalizing Black, brown, Indigenous, and immigrant communities will not be tolerated."The El Paso County commissioner for Precinct 3, Iliana Holguin, stressed that "a piecemeal approach from individual states on federal matters such as immigration enforcement would put an undue burden on local taxpayers, while opening the door to potential civil rights violations for border residents and immigrants alike."While welcoming their win in court on Thursday, those behind the legal challenge also recognized that the fight is far from over. Blasting S.B. 4 as "blatantly unconstitutional," Anand Balakrishnan, senior staff attorney at the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project, said that "we applaud the court's decision, but we must ensure this harmful law is struck down altogether."Edna Yang, co-executive director of American Gateways, also noted the broader battle for immigration reform: "While we are thankful for this court decision, we know that too many people fleeing persecution are being denied their legal rights to make their case and seek political asylum. The only way to fix our broken immigration system is through federal congressional action, not individual state action."Some federal lawmakers also praised the ruling. Democratic Texas Congressman Joaquin Castro said that "S.B. 4 has never been about the border. It's a dangerous, extreme law that gives local authorities the power to harass and detain anyone who looks or sounds like an immigrant. I'm glad to see this preliminary injunction, and I hope S.B. 4 will never go into effect." — (@) The court ruling and Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton's subsequent pledge to "defend Texas' right to defend herself against the catastrophic illegal invasion" came as Democratic President Joe Biden—who is seeking reelection in November—and former President Donald Trump, the likely Republican nominee, visited different cities in the state.Just before Biden's trip to Brownsville, Amnesty International USA pressured him to "abandon cruel anti-immigrant proposals" he has considered since the failure of a legislative package that outraged rights groups and progressive lawmakers. During his trip, the president announced resources to boost Customs and Border Patrol hiring; met with border local border officers, elected leaders, and law enforcement; and called on Congress to pass the immigration package."Each election year or legislative session, politicians make their way to Texas border cities to announce new policies or use the border in some other way to further their political agenda," said Denisse Molina, humanitarian outreach coordinator for TCRP's Beyond Borders Program. "Border communities are not political pawns that can be toyed with to earn points from voters.""The timing of this announcement is in direct contrast with the spirit and community celebration of Charro Days, a celebration of friendship and culture amongst the cities of Brownsville, Texas, and Matamoros, Tamaulipas," Molina added. "This is a clear political stunt showing that while Brownsville may be the backdrop, President Biden does not know the history, welcoming arms, or respect locals have for their neighbors in Mexico. We deserve better."Jessica CorbettFeb 29, 2024NewsRights & JusticeSEE ALL News UNRWA Chief Accuses Netanyahu of 'Concerted Campaign' to Destroy Aid Agency Jake JohnsonMar 05, 2024News Australian PM First Western Leader Referred to ICC as 'Accessory to Genocide in Gaza' Julia ConleyMar 04, 2024News 'Starvation Is Taking Place': Sanders Demands Biden Cut Off All Military Aid to Israel Jon QueallyMar 04, 2024News 'The Child Deaths We Feared Are Here,' Says UNICEF Jake JohnsonMar 03, 2024News Biden Admin Airdrops 38,000 Meals Into Gaza as US-Armed Israeli Military Starves Millions Jake JohnsonMar 03, 2024News Just Two US Lawmakers Sign International Statement Demanding Arms Embargo on Israel Jake JohnsonMar 02, 2024News Nicaragua Hits Germany With ICJ Case for Aiding Israel in Gaza Genocide Nicaragua on Friday launched a case against Germany at the International Court of Justice, accusing the nation responsible for the deaths of 6 million Jews during the Holocaust of helping Israel commit genocide in the Gaza Strip over the past five months. Germany has provided financial, military, and political support to Israel and halted contributions to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East in response to unverified Israeli allegations that a dozen employees were involved in the Hamas-led attack that sparked the war on October 7. Nicaragua's application to the ICJ argues that Germany "has not only failed to fulfill its obligation to prevent the genocide committed and being committed against the Palestinian people... but has contributed to the commission of genocide in violation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide." "Although the United States richly deserves it too, it would be difficult for Nicaragua to successfully sue the United States... because of its disingenuous reservation to Article 9 of the Genocide Convention denying such jurisdiction to the World Court." Germany has also "failed to comply with its obligations under international humanitarian law, derived both from the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and its Protocols of 1977 and from the intransgressible principles of international humanitarian law, by not respecting its obligations to ensure respect for these fundamental norms in all circumstances," the document states. The application further accuses Germany of failing to "comply with other peremptory norms of general international law" by rendering aid or assistance "in maintaining the illegal situation of the continued military occupation of Palestine including its ongoing, unlawful attack in Gaza," as well as "not preventing the illegal regime of apartheid and the negation of the right of self-determination of the Palestinian people." Nicaragua is seeking emergency action from the ICJ, which has already taken a genocide case against Israel led by South Africa. The U.N. court issued provisional measures for that case in January—though rights groups said this week that Israeli forces are ignoring them—and last month reiterated Israel's obligations under the Genocide Convention. "When emergency measures are requested, the ICJ usually sets a date for a hearing within weeks of a case being filed," noted Deutsche Welle. The German public broadcaster also reported that there was no comment from Berlin. The global south strikes again against the morally and politically decayed west. — (@) While the case against Germany was widely welcomed by Palestinian rights advocates around the world, many also pointed out that—as Michael Paarlberg an assistant professor of political science at Virginia Commonwealth University, put it—Nicaragua is "maybe not the best plaintiff for making charges of human rights violations." In its latest annual report on Nicaragua, Human Rights Watch states that "the government of President Daniel Ortega and his wife, Vice President Rosario Murillo, deepened its systematic repression against critics, journalists, and human rights defenders. Dozens of people arbitrarily detained remain behind bars." As the U.N. Group of Human Rights Experts on Nicaragua released its own report Wednesday, its chair, Jan Simon, said that Ortega, Murillo, and other top officials "should be held accountable by the international community, as should Nicaragua as a state that goes after its own people, targeting university students, Indigenous people, people of African descent, campesinos, and members of the Catholic Church and other Christian denominations." Nicaragua's filing at the World Court, as it's also called, comes as Israeli forces have killed over 30,200 Palestinians in Gaza and injured 71,000 more. Most of the Hamas-governed enclave's 2.3 million residents are displaced. They face devastated civilian infrastructure and limited supplies of food, water, and medicine, as Israel restricts humanitarian aid. Children are starving to death. The Central American country's move follows lawyers in Germany who represent Palestinian families suing top German officials, including Chancellor Olaf Scholz, for "aiding and abetting" Israel's genocide in the federal court last week. University of Illinois College of Law professor Francis Boyle told Jordanian-Palestinian writer Sam Husseini that Nicaragua's application "could lead to World Court lawsuits... for aiding and abetting Israeli genocide against the Palestinians, an emergency hearing by the World Court, another round of oral arguments, and new provisional measures of protection for the benefit of the Palestinians." New provisional measures would go to the U.N. Security Council—where the U.S. has veto power—for enforcement, he said, and, "if that does not succeed, to the United Nations General Assembly for enforcement under the Uniting for Peace Resolution (1950)," "It is telling that Nicaragua is doing this because they won a resounding World Court lawsuit against the United States from 1984 to 1986 for illegally mining their harbors," Boyle added. He also explained why the United States isn't expected to face an ICJ case, despite giving Israel nearly $4 billion in annual military aid. "Although the United States richly deserves it too, it would be difficult for Nicaragua to successfully sue the United States for aiding and abetting Israeli genocide against the Palestinians because of its disingenuous reservation to Article 9 of the Genocide Convention denying such jurisdiction to the World Court," he said. However, there is a U.S. genocide complicity case in the federal court system. The Center for Constitutional Rights has sued U.S. President Joe Biden, Secretary of State Antony Blinken, and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin on behalf of groups and Palestinians in Gaza and the United States. After a district-level dismissal, an appeal hearing is expected in June.Jessica CorbettMar 01, 2024NewsWar & PeaceSEE ALL LATEST NEWS Minnesota Dems Aim to Repeat 'Uncommitted' Campaign Success on Super Tuesday "We are organizing our neighbors across the state to tell Joe Biden: permanent cease-fire now!"Olivia RosaneMar 04, 2024On the eve of Super Tuesday, Minnesota Democratic primary voters are looking to replicate Michigan's success with their own "uncommitted" campaign to protest President Joe Biden's support for Israel's unrelenting assault on the people of Gaza. The uncommitted vote in Michigan earned more than 100,000 votes—well beyond the campaign's 10,000-vote goal—and secured at least two delegates for the Democratic National Convention in Chicago in August. Keep ReadingShow LessNewsNewsPoliticsuncommitted UN Official Warns Africa Will Be Trillions Short of Needed Climate Funds by 2030 "Let’s face it, we are on the brink of failing future generations."Thor BensonMar 04, 2024A top U.N. official on Monday warned that Africa will be $2.5 trillion short of the funding it needs to fight climate change by 2030—a reality characterized as devastating for a continent that has suffered disproportionately from the impacts of global heating it has done little to cause compared to Europe and nations in North America."The world is at an inflection point and countries are facing impossible policy choices with far reaching social and economic consequences. But we have chosen the theme of green transitions because, whether we like it or not, we cannot ignore the challenges of climate change and the need to respond accordingly," Claver Gatete, United Nations under-secretary-general and executive secretary of the economic commission for Africa (ECA), said Monday at a conference in Zimbabwe.Keep ReadingShow LessNewsNewsClimateclimate crisis AIPAC's Dark Money Arm Unleashes $100 Million Blitz on Progressives "AIPAC and their Republican mega-donors are targeting Black and brown Democratic incumbents with the same right-wing playbook across the country," warned Rep. Cori Bush.Brett WilkinsMar 04, 2024Amidst global outcry over the ongoing assault on Gaza and the related humanitarian crisis it has wrought,the American Israel Public Affairs Committee's super PAC is set to spend a staggering $100 million against both pro-Palestine congressional progressives and more moderate Democratic candidates who the powerful lobby group believes don't sufficiently support Israel. With increasing numbers of Democrats speaking out against the far-right government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over its genocide in Gaza and violent repression in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, AIPAC has shown zero tolerance for even the mildest criticism of Israeli government policies and practices. Keep ReadingShow LessNewsNewsPoliticselection 2024Most Popular Australian PM First Western Leader Referred to ICC as 'Accessory to Genocide in Gaza' Republican Who Once Proposed Sunsetting Social Security Floats Leadership Bid Both Dems and GOP 'Completely Silent' as Macy's Guts Workforce After Rewarding Wall Street Netanyahu Was Right: Israel Acts Like a US Aircraft Carrier Just Two US Lawmakers Sign International Statement Demanding Arms Embargo on Israel As Supreme Court Takes Trump Immunity Case, Clarence Thomas Urged to Recuse EV Charger Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them 'Disgraceful' Supreme Court Hands Victory to Trump in 14th Amendment Case US Blocks Security Council Statement Condemning IDF Killing of Gazans Seeking Aid MAGA's Plan to "Legally" Steal the 2024 Election Progressive NewswireSEE ALL NewswireCommon Cause In Major Setback for Democracy, Insurrectionist is Allowed to Stay on Ballot Mar 04 2024 · 02:01pm EDTNewswireFree Speech for People Free Speech For People Statement on Trump v. Anderson Decision Mar 04 2024 · 01:53pm EDTNewswireGreenpeace Texas is on fire while oil companies are fueling the flames of climate chaos Feb 29 2024 · 04:10pm EDTNewswireSocial Security Works As Millionaire Earners Stop Paying Into Social Security for the Rest of 2024, New Polling Shows Americans Want the Wealthy to Pay Their Fair Share Feb 29 2024 · 03:37pm EDTNewswireACLU Federal Court Blocks Extreme Texas Legislation That Would Overstep Federal Immigration Law Feb 29 2024 · 11:25am EDTIndependent, nonprofit journalism needs your help.Please Pitch InToday!SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTERQuality journalism. Progressive values. Direct to your inbox.Follow Us