Higher yoga |Training in meditation before enlightenment.A new doctrine of spiritual unity.Nikolai Sant Svetlov Content Higher Yoga.rf Home News News Courses Contacts Evolution with Higher Yogannachni from reading books and practice of meditation!The call of eternity is a book about life and death, the meaning of life and God.In it you will find everything that is necessary for knowing your purpose in life, knowledge and disclosure of the soul ... Read the "Call of Eternity" The Higher Yogrevnoy Teaching of the New World Education and the structure of the Universe, the struggle of the forces of light and darkness, the purpose of man and initiation to achieve higherStates of consciousness. Read the "Higher Yoga" Articles and Books all the books and articles of the author of the site in one place. Read articles to start meditation right now!You can study but in line and make a free meditation course!Free course of teaching meditation unique meditation for mastering all levels of consciousness! The course of meditation consists of 6 lessons for all levels of consciousness and energy. To make meditation right now!The system of global rejuvenation of your face and body finally, you will have a real way to stop aging, even if it seemed to you that you have tried everything that is possible! Go to the website of the rejuvenation system!You can come to training a practical seminar in meditation Higher Yoga and Integral Yoga Sri Aurobindo from the author of the site Nikolai Svetlovau Read more!Start meditation right now!Meditation training courses are presented by 4 steps of teaching meditation from 5 1 step “Master of Meditation” 4 lessons on in -depth study of meditation and entering deep states of consciousness, powerful energy, depth of the subconscious, disclosure of anahat chakra. Project of life “Life Project 2” 2 stepsForces "10 lessons in the in -depth study of meditation and gaining endless energy, gaining divine consciousness and the power of power by the Lord. Part of the course" Project of Life 1.0 "3 Steps" The Lord of the Mind "the course of mastering the mental energy, the silence of the mind, the hypnotic view and immersion in the eternity of the immature consciousnessIn more detail about the course of the 4th step of the "Enlightened Master" Course of mastering the supernatural energies and the power of high light, when you plunge into the ocean of the causal energy of your highest "I" when you dissolve all your pollution and thin your vital energy to the highest vibrations, to the state of holiness. More about the course about the author of the highest yoga, the enlightened master of meditation and the highest yoga, the author of 7 books on the meaning of life, yoga, meditation, healing and rejuvenation of the body.Nikolai Sant (Svetlov) was born in 1971 on August 16. In the age of 12, through philosophical surveys and thoughts, he came to an understanding of the mortality of human being and the need to develop himself comprehensively. At this time he experienced transcendental experiences through diving into endless space and time.At the age of 17, he entered into a conscious contact with the unified consciousness of the Universe. In the 21st year he reached silence of the mind, immersion in eternity, endless expansion of consciousness and enlightenment at the mental level. In 28 years he wrote his first book, The Call of Eternity, which describes its spiritual path.Yoga is a unity with the highest consciousness, the root cause of our existence and the entire manifest universe.The word "meditation" in translation means reflection, but what we mean by this word is contemplation.Through contemplation, we approach, penetrate and merge with the transcendental, otherworldly (for our waking existence) consciousness and energy, permeating everything and all the components.Nikolai Sant Author of the highest yoga start to meditate right now!Content Higher Yoga.rf Home Articles News Courses Courses Courses Courses