Department of Justice | Homepage | United States Department of Justice Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Utilities Our Offices Find Help Contact Us Search Menu Close About About The Attorney General Organizational Chart Budget & Performance History Privacy Program Our Work News News Press Releases Speeches Videos Photo Galleries Blogs Podcasts Resources Resources Guidance Documents Forms Publications Information for Victims in Large Cases Justice Manual Business and Contracts Grants Employment Employment Why Justice ? Benefits DOJ Vacancies Legal Careers at DOJ Our Offices Find Help Contact Us Search Remote video URL Video U.S. and U.K. Disrupt LockBit Ransomware Variant February 20, 2024 Remote video URL Video Senior Justice Department Officials Commemorate Disruptive Technology Strike Force’s Launch One Year Ago February 8, 2024 Press Release Man Convicted of $300M Securities Price Manipulation and Wire Fraud Cryptocurrency Conspiracy February 7, 2024 Press Release Justice Department Announces Terrorism and Sanctions-Evasion Charges and Seizures Linked to Illicit, Billion-Dollar Global Oil Trafficking Network February 2, 2024 Action Center Report a Crime or Submit a Complaint Report and Identify Missing Persons Find Help and Information for Crime Victims Register, Apply for Permits, or Request Records Locate a Prison, Inmate, or Sex Offender Learn How DOJ is Working to Protect Voting Careers at DOJ U.S. Capitol Violence Cases and Other Wanted Fugitives COVID-19 Policy for Visitors More Links Our Mission The mission of the Department of Justice is to uphold the rule of law, to keep our country safe, and to protect civil rights. Our Values Independence and Impartiality. We work each day to earn the public’s trust by following the facts and the law wherever they may lead, without prejudice or improper influence. Honesty and Integrity. Our employees adhere to the highest standards of ethical behavior, mindful that, as public servants, we must work to earn the trust of, and inspire confidence in, the public we serve. Respect. Our employees value differences in people and in ideas and treat everyone with fairness, dignity, and compassion. Excellence. We work every day to provide the highest levels of service to the American people and to be a responsible steward of the taxpayers’ dollars. History of the Department of Justice By the Numbers 7 Litigating Divisions 5 Law Enforcement Bureaus 94 U.S. Attorneys’ Offices $3.2B+ Grants to State, Local & Tribal Partners Our Work DOJ Components and Agencies The Department of Justice consists of multiple components and agencies dedicated to upholding our mission. View Organizational Chart Subject Matter Areas, Initiatives, and Programs Learn more about the work we do on a variety of focused topics. More About Our Work News Press ReleaseAir Force Employee Indicted for Unlawful Disclosure of Classified National Defense InformationA civilian employee of the U.S. Air Force assigned to the U.S. Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM), at Offutt Air Force Base, was arrested Friday, March 1, for allegedly conspiring...March 4, 2024 Press ReleaseAir National Guardsman Agrees to Plead Guilty to Unlawfully Disclosing Classified National Defense InformationJack Douglas Teixeira, 22, of North Dighton, Massachusetts, a member of the U.S. Air National Guard (USANG) stationed in Massachusetts, has agreed to plead guilty to retaining and...March 4, 2024 SpeechAssistant Attorney General Matthew G. Olsen Delivers Remarks on Guilty Plea by Air National Guardsman in National Security Case Boston, MAThis morning, Jack Teixeira, a member of the U.S. Air National Guard, pleaded guilty to six counts of willful retention and transmission of classified information relating to national...March 4, 2024 Press ReleaseCalifornia Man Arrested for Smuggling Potent Greenhouse Gases into the United StatesMichael Hart of San Diego was arrested and charged with smuggling greenhouse gases into the United States from Mexico and then selling them for profit, in violation of...March 4, 2024 Press ReleaseFormer Venezuelan Military Official Pleads Guilty to Money Laundering and Bribery SchemeA former Venezuelan National Guard major pleaded guilty today to a money laundering scheme involving bribes to foreign officials and defrauding foreign financial institutions.March 4, 2024 Press ReleaseJustice Department Statements on JetBlue Terminating Acquisition of Spirit AirlinesJetBlue Airways Corporation (JetBlue) announced today that it has abandoned its $3.8 billion acquisition of Spirit Airlines Inc. (Spirit). In January, the U.S. District Court for the District...March 4, 2024 More News From Our Most Wanted Files Kun Jiang DEA Field Office: New York Southern Wanted For: Fentanyl importation conspiracy, fentanyl trafficking and…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Oscar Noe Medina Gonzalez DEA Field Office: New York Southern Wanted For: : CONTINUING CRIMINAL ENTERPRISE (CCE) FENTANYL…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Yulian Andony Archaga Carias DEA Field Office: New York Southern Wanted For: Cocaine importation; racketeering conspiracy; possession and…Locations: San Pedro Sula, HondurasMore Details/Submit a Tip Arnoldo Jimenez FBI Field Office: Chicago Wanted For: Arnoldo Jimenez is wanted for allegedly killing his wife on…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Omar Alexander Cardenas FBI Field Office: Los Angeles Wanted For: Omar Alexander Cardenas is wanted for his alleged…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Wilver Villegas-Palomino FBI Field Office: Houston Wanted For: Wilver Villegas-Palomino is a ranking member of the National…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Ruja Ignatova FBI Field Office: New York Wanted For: Ruja Ignatova is wanted for her alleged participation in a…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel FBI Field Office: Baltimore Wanted For: Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel is wanted for allegedly…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Alejandro Rosales Castillo FBI Field Office: Charlotte Wanted For: Alejandro Rosales Castillo is wanted for his alleged…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Alexis Flores FBI Field Office: Philadelphia Wanted For: Alexis Flores is wanted for his alleged involvement in the…Locations: HND, USA, US-PAMore Details/Submit a Tip Donald Eugene Fields Ii FBI Field Office: St. Louis Wanted For: Donald Eugene Fields II is wanted for the alleged sex…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip Jose Rodolfo Villarreal-Hernandez FBI Field Office: Dallas Wanted For: Jose Rodolfo Villarreal-Hernandez, also known as “El Gato,”…Locations: Unknown, UnknownMore Details/Submit a Tip U.S. Department of Justice 950 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington DC 20530 Contact the Department Phone: 202-514-2000 TTY/ASCII/TDD: 800-877-8339 Signup for Email Updates Social Media twitter facebook youtube instagram linkedin Archives Budget & Performance FOIA Accessibility Legal Policies & Disclaimers Privacy Policy For Employees Information Quality Office of the Inspector General No FEAR Act Data Small Business Vote.gov Español Have a question about Government Services? Contact USA.gov Top