National Endowment for the Arts Home Page | National Endowment for the Arts Skip to main content National Endowment for the Arts Search Follow us on X Follow us on facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Apple store Follow us on instagram Follow us on youtube Menu Grants Grants Grants for Arts Projects Challenge America Our Town Research Awards Partnership Agreement Grants Creative Writing Translation Projects Volunteer to be an NEA Panelist Manage Your Award Recent Grants Initiatives Initiatives ArtsHERE Arts & Human Development Task Force Arts Education Partnership Blue Star Museums Citizens' Institute on Rural Design Creative Forces: NEA Military Healing Arts Network GSA's Art in Architecture Independent Film & Media Arts Field-Building Initiative International Mayors' Institute on City Design Musical Theater Songwriting Challenge National Folklife Network NEA Big Read NEA Research Labs Poetry Out Loud Save America's Treasures Shakespeare in American Communities Sound Health Network United We Stand Stories Stories American Artscape Magazine NEA Art Works Podcast National Endowment for the Arts Blog Impact Impact States and Regions Research Accessibility Arts & Artifacts Indemnity Program Arts and Health Arts Education Convenings Creative Placemaking Equity Action Plan Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) Literary Arts Media Arts Native Arts and Culture Honors Honors NEA Jazz Masters Fellowships National Heritage Fellowships National Medal of Arts News News Press Releases Upcoming Events NEA Chair's Page About About NEA Chair's Page Leadership and Staff What Is the NEA Publications National Endowment for the Arts on COVID-19 Open Government Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Office of the Inspector General Civil Rights Office Appropriations History Make a Donation The Leela Dance Collective perform SPEAK, a Kathak and tap collaboration. Photo by Steven Roby Arianna Afsar performs during the 2020 Athena Film Festival. Photo by Lars Niki/Getty Images for the Athena Film Awards Laura Virella, Luz Nicolás, and Fran Tapia in the NEA-supported production of Revoltosa (The Troublemaker) by the GALA Hispanic Theatre. Photo by Daniel Martinez, courtesy of GALA Hispanic Theatre Wendy Red Star explores her cultural heritage and the role of Native women through a variety of media, including photography, sculpture, video, fiber arts, and performance. Pictured here is Fall, from the Four Seasons series, 2006. What’s Happening at the NEA Chair Jackson Celebrates Black History Month Healing, Bridging, Thriving: A Summit on Arts and Culture in our Communities Watch the archive of the summit! See Upcoming Events for info on grants webinars and office hours Featured News See All News National Endowment for the Arts Announces 2024 NEA National Heritage Fellows 2024 NEA Jazz Masters to be Celebrated at Free Events in Washington, DC Groundbreaking Arts Summit Propels National Conversation on Healing, Bridging, and Thriving Featured Stories See All Stories Blog Lift Every Eye and See: A Look at Art Works in HBCU Collections Podcast Revisiting Danielle Evans Author and 2020 NEA Literature Fellow Magazine Article Trying to Find Their Way A Reimagining of Scott Joplin's Opera "Treemonisha" Grants The National Endowment for the Arts awards grants to nonprofit organizations, creative writers and translators, state arts agencies, and regional arts organizations in support of arts projects across the country. Go to the Grants section » Volunteer to be an NEA panelist » Impact See the impact of the Arts Endowment on your state, and how the agency's work in research, accessibility, and other areas has had a major impact in the arts and culture of the country. Go to the Impact section » Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation. Approximately 2,300 Grants Recommended for grant awards annually in all 50 states, DC, and U.S. territories. More than 60 Percent Percentage of Arts Endowment grants that go to small and medium-sized organizations (budgets up to $2 million). 35 Percent Percentage of Arts Endowment grants reach low-income audiences or underserved populations. Some Facts from the National Endowment for the Arts These facts are based on the most recent data (2021) from the Arts and Cultural Production Satellite Account (ACPSA), which is produced jointly by the National Endowment for the Arts’ Office of Research & Analysis and the Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. Commerce Department. The ACPSA tracks the annual economic impact of arts and cultural production from 35 industries, both commercial and nonprofit. Just over $1 trillion Amount the arts and cultural industries contribute to the U.S. economy. 4.4 Percent Percentage of the nation’s Gross Domestic Product is accounted for by arts and cultural industries. Just under 4.9 Million Americans work in the arts and cultural industries on payroll. Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation. 54 Cents The Arts Endowment’s annual cost to each American. 0.003 Percent The Arts Endowment’s percentage of the federal budget. $5.6 Billion Amount awarded by the Arts Endowment since its beginning in 1965. Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation. Around 41 Million Americans Attend a live arts event supported by the Arts Endowment annually. More than 36,000 Concerts, readings, and performances are supported annually. More than 6,000 Exhibitions are supported annually as well. Some Facts from the National Endowment for the Arts These facts are based on the most recent data (2017) from the Survey of Public Participation in the Arts (SPPA), a national survey conducted in partnership with the U.S. Census Bureau that has allowed cultural policymakers, arts managers, scholars, and journalists to obtain reliable statistics about American patterns of arts engagement. North Dakota The state's residents attend live performing arts events at a higher rate than U.S. adults as a whole—with 62 percent for North Dakota residents versus 48.5 percent of U.S. adults. Montana Outperforms the national rate of attending art exhibits, with 33.5 percent of this state’s residents doing this activity versus 23 percent of Americans overall. Oregon and Washington Their literary reading rates (upwards of 60 percent) far exceed the U.S. as a whole (44 percent). Some Facts about the National Endowment for the Arts The National Endowment for the Arts is an independent federal agency that funds, promotes, and strengthens the creative capacity of our communities by providing all Americans with diverse opportunities for arts participation. Approximately $8 million Amount of funding of arts education projects annually. 74.7 Percent Arts education projects (preK-12) that directly engage with underserved populations. 3 Times More Likely 8- to. 12-grade students from low socioeconomic backgrounds who received arts education to earn a bachelor's degree than those who did not. Stay Connected to the National Endowment for the Arts Sign up for our newsletters and magazine Newsletter Signup Magazine Signup About Contact Us Equity Civil Rights FOIA No Fear Act Inspector General Accessibility Privacy Policy Disclaimers Open Government USA.gov Note on Scam Regarding NEA Grants 400 7th Street, SW, Washington, DC 20506 202.682.5400 Follow us on X Follow us on facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Apple store Follow us on instagram Follow us on youtube