HERE Technologies | The world's #1 location platform Skip to main content Why HERE Our platform Our platform Platform overview Our products Maps & Data Maps & Data Dynamic Map Content Map Data Maps for ADAS & HAD Location Services Location Services HERE Geocoding & Search HERE Map Rendering HERE Positioning HERE Routing HERE Tour Planning Platform Tools Platform Tools HERE Anonymizer HERE Live Sense SDK HERE Marketplace HERE SDK Applications Applications HERE Navigation HERE WeGo Our solutions Your Business Your Business Automated Driving Connected Driving Fleet Management Infrastructure Planning Supply Chain Urban Mobility Your Use Your Use Build Applications Develop Services Generate Insights Make Maps Visualize Data Get started Get started How to get started Start building Start Building Start Building Start building overview Contact sales Become a partner Connect with our partner network Partner with HERE Partner with HERE Partner with HERE overview Partner Network Professional services Our pricing Learn Learn Explore Learn Customer stories Events HERE360 news Developer resources Developer resources Developer resources Documentation Tutorials Code examples Knowledge base Developer blog About About About HERE Investors Leadership Offices Press releases Sustainability Careers Contact us Sign up to start building Contact us Sign up to start building Search Popular searches Partners Partners Banish EV range anxiety for good Meet the tech with range-optimized routes and charging station status in real-time. Read more See all news Map data and tools for enterprises Build better with more accuracy, flexibility and control. Explore our platform Choose the best location solution for your industry Meet your needs and move your business forward with our location technology. See solutions Build flexible location-based applications Our tools use highly-precise location data that can be adapted across industries and use cases. Find out more News Platform Markets Tools 2.00 m+ developers in our ecosystem 150.00 b+ API calls/month 40.00 m connected vehicle supply base 200.00 + countries and territories covered Make smarter contextual decisions with richer insights Discover spatial patterns and trends in your location data. Learn more Case study: Siemens Healthineers Real-time shipment visibility of critical medical equipment Combine your data with the most complete map content Create and use custom digital maps to streamline operations and improve customer experience. Learn more Press release Mercedes-Benz deploys HERE HD Live Map for DRIVE PILOT system Give your services a competitive edge Integrate your proprietary business logic with our highly-precise location data and out-of-the-box APIs. Learn more Case study: LafargeHolcim Enabling faster site deliveries for time-critical goods Build industry-leading applications Accelerate business outcomes with a combination of data, services and APIs. Learn more Case study: Bentley Systems Faster, safer planning with digital twins and LiDAR data Trusted by customers worldwide Discover our platform benefits Work with 2D/3D representations of reality Build a digital representation of reality with our highly precise and real-time location data in 2D/3D with 1000+ detailed attributes that capture every detail. Work with 2D/3D representations of reality Build a digital representation of reality with our highly precise and real-time location data in 2D/3D with 1000+ detailed attributes that capture every detail. Explore HERE platform Speed up development and enable faster insights Discover enterprise-grade location processing, including a full stack of analytics and ML algorithms. Enable faster insights with templates for automation and a low-code/no-code approach. Speed up development and enable faster insights Discover enterprise-grade location processing, including a full stack of analytics and ML algorithms. Enable faster insights with templates for automation and a low-code/no-code approach. Learn more about insights Customize and adapt to your business needs Combine your location data and business insights to build custom solutions that solve your specific business challenges. Customize and adapt to your business needs Combine your location data and business insights to build custom solutions that solve your specific business challenges. Explore HERE platform Make your business spatially intelligent Choose from a range of solutions to help you integrate a real-time representation of reality into your processes. Supply Chain Get better visibility, track shipments and assets in real-time, both indoors and outdoors. Learn more Fleet Management Make deliveries safer and faster from the first to the last mile. Monitor your fleet and improve customer and driver satisfaction with dynamic route optimization and real-time visibility. Learn more Connected Driving Shape the next generation of in-vehicle experiences for a connected, electrified and digitalized world. Deliver intuitive navigation and unlock revenue opportunities. Learn more Automated Driving Create vehicle systems that are more reliable, safe and comfortable across all levels of automation. Learn more View all markets How HERE moves the world forward The sustainability impact of location technology Learn more A privacy-first location platform to protect your data Read the HERE Privacy Charter Enjoy your journey with our HERE WeGo app Learn more HERE beats Google and Mapbox as top location platform Read the Omdia report Get in Touch Let's discuss how you can build location intelligence into your solutions. Contact us Get started for free HERE Global - English 日本-日本語 Overview Platform Solutions Applications Developers Partners Company About Us Careers HERE Offices Suppliers Contact Us Capabilities Visualize data Generate insights Build applications Develop services Make maps Resources HERE360 News Developer Blog Drive Schedule HERE Brand Portal Code of Conduct Developer Tools HERE Marketplace HERE SDK HERE Live Sense SDK HERE Anonymizer Legal Consent PreferencesGDPRTermsSecurityPrivacyPrivacy CharterModern Slavery StatementDo Not Sell My Personal Information Social media Youtube Instagram Twitter Linkedin Facebook Consent Preferences GDPR Terms Security Privacy Privacy Charter Modern Slavery Statement Do Not Sell My Personal Information Global - English 日本-日本語 © 2024 HERE