OpenMRS.org – OpenMRS is an open source medical records system or EMR with a global community. Skip to content Community Developers Documentation OpenMRS.org OpenMRS is an open source medical records system or EMR with a global community. Product Integration What We Do Academy Conference 2023 Registration Event Sponsorships Blog Who We Are Where We Are OpenMRS Inc. OpenMRS Partners Get Involved Translate OpenMRS Jobs Contact DemoDownload Search for: Demo Search for: Product Integration What We Do Academy Conference 2023 Registration Event Sponsorships Blog Who We Are Where We Are OpenMRS Inc. OpenMRS Partners Get Involved Translate OpenMRS Jobs Contact Download OpenMRS Medical Record System Bringing People Together to Save Lives Explore Our EMR Join Our Community Learn in Our Academy 0 + Countries 0 + Sites 0 + Million Patients The world's leading open source Electronic Medical Records platform,sustained by a global community OpenMRS is used across the globe. Our Mission Improve healthcare delivery in resource-constrained environments by coordinating a global community that creates and sustains a robust, scalable, user-driven and open-source medical record platform. Play Video We are a global community of truly dedicated, talented, and generous contributors who build and maintain the OpenMRS platform and other, foundational OpenMRS technical products. Play Video We maintain a platform that countries and implementers use to create a customized EMR system in response to needs on the ground. Learn more about:Who We Are: Our Community, Our Partners, and OpenMRS IncOur Technology: Our Product Vision, Our Platform, and Our Modules Who We Are Our Technology Our Evidence More than 0 Publications See the OpenMRS Evidence Hub Our Impact Scaling Implementations Standing on the Shoulders of Giants More countries than ever before are choosing OpenMRS as their national electronic medical record system.A common platform maintained by the OpenMRS community, OpenMRS is the foundation for implementations that touch and help millions of patients throughout the world.OpenMRS gives implementers the freedom to focus on creating innovative solutions that respond to local needs Improving Patient Outcomes Information is Care Without reliable medical record systems, improving the health of millions of people throughout the developing world is impossible.Achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals requires resilient health systems supported by electronic medical records.Robust medical record systems save lives, save resources, and can prevent or contain epidemics. Sustainable Technology Community-driven development The brightest minds in health informatics drive innovation and development in our community.More implementations mean more demand for talented OpenMRS developers and implementers.Through our commitment to professional development and advancement, we’re creating a sustainable foundation of OpenMRS talent that will support future growth and expansion. Join OpenMRSand get the most out of our Digital Solutions and Global Community Get Involved Product Download What We Do Blog Who We Are Where We Are Get Involved OpenMRS Academy OpenMRS 3 Fundamentals Academy Twitter Facebook YouTube Recent Posts The Types of FHIR Guides Growing in the OpenMRS Ecosystem A SMART Recipe for Adapting SMART Guidelines for OpenMRS Transitioning to OpenMRS 3: A New Experience for Current Implementations Reference Application 2.13.0 Released! OpenMRS Platform 2.6.0 Released Copyright © 2024 OpenMRS.org. Created by Website Design Squad. Privacy Policy | License | Other Terms Scroll to top