Mental Health Foundation | Good mental health for all Skip to main content Select your nation United Kingdom United KingdomEnglandScotlandWalesNorthern Ireland Header menu Donate Get help Header menu - Mobile | United Kingdom Donate Select your nation United Kingdom United KingdomEnglandScotlandWalesNorthern Ireland Main navigation | United Kingdom Our work Our work Research Programmes Policy and advocacy Public engagement Get involved Get involved Events Fundraising Ways to donate Corporate partnerships Shop Explore mental health Explore mental health A to Z: Topics Publications About us About us Jobs News Our people Annual reports Our prevention mission Search Header menu - Drawer | United Kingdom Get help Menu toggle Searcg toggle Good MentalHealth for all Today I want to: Get help for my mental health Support someone else with their mental health Get emergency help Learn what factors impact mental health Find information for different groups of people Find out about mental health Dropdown link Explore New report: The mental health of asylum seekers and refugees Understand why asylum seekers and refugees are at particular risk of mental health problems, and what we can do to protect their mental health once they arrive in the UK. Read the report Information and guidance A-Z Topics Find out more about specific mental health problems, and things that can have an effect on our mental health. Learn more How-to guides In-depth how-to guides about a wide range of mental health problems, free to download and read. Learn more Looking after your mental health We want everyone to live mentally healthy lives. Luckily, there is plenty of evidence for the things that can help. Learn more Supporting someone else with their mental health You can do many things to help if someone you know is experiencing mental ill-health. Learn more For professionals Helping someone with a mental health problem Find out more Mental health statistics Explore the statistics Resources for working with young people Explore our resources Our prevention mission Prevention is about looking for the root causes of today's problems. Our work looks to address these issues through research, community work and influencing policy. What we do Support our work Fundraise Explore the range of active challenges available across the UK. Get fit and raise money for the Mental Health Foundation, at the same time. Get involved Donate Your donation, however big or small, will help us achieve good mental health for all - not just for some. Donate now Participate Our Personal Experience Network, OPEN, is a diverse online community of people who share their experience to inform what we do. Join the community Shop Raise awareness for mental health by wearing the green ribbon or other Mental Health Foundation merchandise. Shop now Most popular topics Article Tips for looking after your mental health during Ramadan Tips for looking after your mental health during Ramadan Resource Cost-of-living and mental health Cost-of-living and mental health Article Debt and mental health Debt and mental health Article Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) Quick links Get help Explore mental health A-Z topics Publications Contact us Nations United Kingdom England Scotland Wales Northern Ireland Social Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Sign up for email updates We’ll send you updates and information about our work and how you can support us. Sign up Footer Privacy Cookies Terms of use Copyright © 2023 All Rights Reserved Registered Charity No. England and Wales 801130 Scotland SC 039714 / Company Registration No. 2350846 VAT Number GB524451857 Registered with Fundraising Regulator Site by