The Reader Powered Book Publisher - Inkitt Search Search Free Books Genres Sci-Fi Fantasy Adventure Mystery Action Horror Humor Erotica Poetry Other Thriller Romance Children Drama Fanfiction More Fanfiction Harry Potter Naruto Supernatural Glee Lord of the rings Trending Topics Love Magic Werewolf Family Friendship Death Supernatural Werewolves Mafia Short Story Murder Alpha Write Write or Upload Story Novel Writing Boot Camp The fundamentals of fiction writing by Bryan Thomas Schmidt Winners Contest Winners The Writer's Blog Learn about the craft of writing Community Featured Groups Young Adult Reads Become Part Of The Story Fantasy and Werewolves Join the Pack! Groups Engage with fellow authors & writers Community Guidelines Discover the values of our community Galatea Writing Contests Erotische Begegnungen by AMORELIE: eine prickelnde Schreibaufgabe Erotica Contest Ahren Sanders' Collision Course Fan-Fiction Romance Contest La Magie de l'Hiver : Du Froid aux Rêves Enneigés Fiction Contest El Abrazo del Invierno: Del Hielo a Relatos Acogedores Ficción Contest Winter's Embrace: From Frost to Fiction Fiction Contest Search en english (en) español (es) deutsch (de) français (fr) sign in sign up How it works Inkitt Publishing Inkitt Winners Badges Guidelines Support Facebook Twitter Blog Jobs Credits Terms Imprint Inked with love How It Works Inkitt’s mission is to discover talented writers and turn them into globally successful authors. Writers Write Authors can write and upload their manuscripts on Inkit for free and writers retain 100% of their copyrights whilst writing on Inkitt Readers Discover Readers can read all books for free, without any ads and give the authors feedback. We Publish Books that perform well based on their reader engagement are published on our Galatea app. Trending Stories {{tabName(periodMethod)}} Recent All Time Finding Lilibeth Lilibeth is a 8 year old kid who has brought herself up. She had to learn quickly how to take care of herself and her addict mother. She didn't mind though as her mum was all she had in this world.... Drama by kyliet • Complete • 37 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (6) Content Warning This story contains themes of: assault, child abuse, domestic violence, drug use overdose Living With My Mafia Brothers Carrie Bogiatto was just six years old when her mother took her away. Away from her father, away from her brothers, away from her life. And she took her into hell. Carrie's mother had a string of b... Drama / Other by Darla Layne • Ongoing • 17 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (5) Tales of Regventus Book Two: Keene Book 2 of Tales of Regventus series, see Tales of Regventus: Adalwen before reading this one. Max has claimed the title of king. As Ansel and Griffa work to prepare Max for the future, the power... Fantasy by Catark50 • Complete • 26 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (5) The Archaeological Chronicles - Pharaoh of Sand Book 2 in the Archaeological Chronicles series The journey has just begun... Mari struggles to find a solution to get her best friend back to their own time. Back to her! Kai'ine is challenged b... Fantasy / Adventure by Time • Ongoing • 10 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (8) The Resmar Murders Detective Sam Johnson and his partner Detective Hank Harvey are two of the best homicide detectives on the force; their specialty, in fact, lies in figuring out serial cases. But when a couple of ... Mystery / Thriller by Theresa Lambe • Complete • 28 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (12) Finding Emery Emery has been on her own since she was four years of age. Her and her dad were running from people who her mum and dad owed money to. He knew they were going to catch them so told Emery to run to ... Drama by kyliet • Complete • 45 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (8) Content Warning This story contains themes of: assault, child abuse, drug use overdose, human trafficking A Coven To Call Home At 17 years old and bouncing around in the foster system due to unreasonable issues since she could remember, things start looking up with her foster family. That is, until one day, her room catche... Drama / Fantasy by Fuzzi • Ongoing • 19 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (4) The Vendeleer Brothers Book 5: The Man with the Black Box An entire town of people has disappeared, and yet there are whispering voices... Voices all around them are trying to get them to open the black box... Mystery / Horror by Lexi Melton • Complete • 20 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (6) Content Warning This story contains themes of: child abuse, extreme violence gore The Cabin After receiving some money, I bought a lakeside cabin. I should have listened to the warnings. The cabin came with history, and more... Horror / Mystery by M.S.Grahn • Complete • 1 chapter Show Reviews Hide Reviews (5) Hard Time Jake Lampel had everything. Thriving business. Nice home, Beautiful daughter. Loving wife. Well no, she had not been loving in a few years now. He knew he had been neglecting her. But he was going ... Mystery / Thriller by Alicia Gayle Heath • Complete • 28 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (6) Content Warning This story contains themes of: assault, extreme violence gore, violent death, cheating CODEX Part 4: Among the Living Zoe Lestrade is ready to move forward and explore her humanity while forgetting all the pain and sorrow she has experienced in the past. “What is death? Many may say nothing comes after the soul ha... Fantasy / Horror by Roxana Chirila • Complete • 21 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (3) Tales of Regventus Book Three: Raya **Book 3 in the Tales of Regventus series, see Tales of Regventus: Adalwen and Tales of Regventus: Keene first.** Griffa has taken her place as the leader of the Ring of Nine. She works tirelessly... Fantasy by Catark50 • Complete • 27 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (9) Darkwood Falls Paranormal Investigators: The Dead Truth There was a point in Shawn Nelson's life when she felt she lost everything. She was 26 years old and lost her job, broke up with her douche-bag boyfriend, and moved in with her neurotic cousin, Br... Horror / Thriller by M. C. Schmidt • Complete • 20 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (11) Whitethorn Academy After a tragic accident leaves her with holes in her memory, Selene is sent to Whitethorn Academy, a school far away from everything she's ever known. As if starting over for her senior year wasn... Fantasy by Aura Irene • Ongoing • 34 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (4) The Iceman's Lament Tom Kelly is a disgraced former space pilot hauling ice on a distant planet, A stranded news crew thinks he'll make a great story but with much darker secrets to hide, he'll do anything to stop them. Scifi / Adventure by John Kilkelly • Complete • 18 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (13) WITCH SHIfT Witch with no powers is thrust into a world that is challenging her every move and thought. Will she be able to raise herself up to be more than she was destined to be, to be what we need her to be? Fantasy / Adventure by J J Crawford • Complete • 30 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (7) Water Child Kat was brought to a magical world completely against her will. And if that cocky Elvin prince thought that the promise of power, wealth and himself would seduce her, he was sorely mistaken. Fantasy / Adventure by JellyBritt13 • Ongoing • 2 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (4) Coyote Trail Hank Duggan drove his 18-wheeler right into the 19th century and the days of the Old West. Not knowing how he got there, he must search for the way back! Truck driver, Hank Duggan, mysteriously tra... Scifi / Adventure by wtsamsel • Complete • 26 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (7) Dear Old Jack A unique take on the Jack the Ripper crimes and what transpired afterwards. In Victorian London, one year after the Jack the Ripper murders, a killer has struck London's East End and average pub wo... Horror / Mystery by madisonpardue • Complete • 13 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (12) One Year This is one of those typical love stories between a normal girl from Ireland and a rich hunky Italian gangster who fell for her with just one glance, and how he passionately wooed her on the heaven... Thriller / Humor by C.L.Brierley • Ongoing • 17 chapters Show Reviews Hide Reviews (3) Content Warning This story contains themes of: assault, attempted rape, cheating, depression, domestic violence, drug use overdose, human trafficking, sexual assault abuse Show more Reading Lists Top New Picks 37 Stories Weekly Suggestions 40 Stories Inkitt Classics 39 Stories Nat's must reads 32 Stories Inkitt's Holiday Picks 14 Stories Top Reviews Desire by Jade_B marieamy788: Great book loved it Read Full Review Sei Meine Ketten by Anne T. Thyssen Angelika: Großes Kompliment! In deinem Buch ist auch Erotik und Sex + drin, nicht nur angekündigt in der Einleitung.Mein Kopfkino hast du bereits mit dem ersten Seiten voll beansprucht und mich ordentlich angeheizt. 🔥🔥🔥. Auch wenn die Konstellation ( ist ja nicht der leibliche Vater ) ungewöhnlich ist und ... Read Full Review Always and Forever by Rebecca Francisca Moreira: I can’t believe how obsessed I am with this story (and man) please don’t drop it without giving them their happy ending Read Full Review The Alpha's Seer by ʟɪɴᴢᴠᴏɴᴄ Lu Lu: Love this story Read Full Review What the heart wants. by Toni JC: It’s a nice story indeed. ❤️❤️❤️ Read Full Review Galatea Stories The Millennium Wolves The Arrangement The Lycan's Queen Gideon Mason Kidnapped by My Mate Marked The Alpha and Aurora The Lost Princess Newest Collections Indian Romance Arshi FF Stories CEO Romance Cowboy Romance Grumpy Sunshine Popular Collections romance books for young adults Books About Friendship books of love Books Similar to 'Eat, Pray, Love' Books Similar to 'Stranger Things' Other Collections Books About Vikings Books about Time Books Similar to '1984' Books Similar to 'Grand Theft Auto' Books Similar to 'Supernatural' About Us Inkitt is the world’s first reader-powered publisher, providing a platform to discover hidden talents and turn them into globally successful authors. Write captivating stories, read enchanting novels, and we’ll publish the books our readers love most on our sister app, GALATEA and other formats. Inkitt for Authors Writing Contests List Inkitt Publishing Submit Your Story Guidelines Writing Groups Author Subscriptions Report Plagiarism Inkitt for Readers Fantasy Books Sci-Fi Books Romance Books Drama Books Thriller Books Mystery Books Horror Books Inkitt Community The Writer's Blog Twitter Facebook Instagram Support Join the Inkitt Team Imprint Privacy Policy Terms Sign in to Inkitt Sign in Forgot your password? Or You can also sign up Sign up with email Pick Your Birth Date Sign up By signing up on Inkitt, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have an account? Sign in Reset Password Reset Password Cancel