This is London Magazine 0 Skip to Content Home About Platinum Jubilee Edition 2022 People @thisislondonmag This is London Tickets Contact Us Open Menu Close Menu Home About Platinum Jubilee Edition 2022 People @thisislondonmag This is London Tickets Contact Us Open Menu Close Menu Home About Platinum Jubilee Edition 2022 People @thisislondonmag This is London Tickets Contact Us This is London Magazine To read this week’s issue online, click the front cover. For highlights, scroll down. Springtime means it’s time for the 52nd Mountbatten Festival of Music, with The Massed Bands of His Majesty’s Royal Marines playing at the iconic Royal Albert Hall, arguably the most famous music venue in the world. On stage showcasing their skills are over 70 musicians drawn from the five Royal Marines Bands, alongside the RM Corps of Drums. Event of the Week Read Now Thames Philharmonic Choir will make its annual visit to Cadogan Hall on Saturday 16 March with a performance of the stunning Brahms' German Requiem. The Choir will be joined by soloists Rebecca Hardwick, Bernadette Johns and Alexander Bower-Brown, together with members of the third cohort of TPC Choral Scholars. Music of the Week Read Now The National Portrait Gallery’s major spring exhibition, The Time is Always Now: Artists Reframe the Black Figure, is a showcase of work by 22 leading African diasporic artists, working in the UK and USA. Exploring the depiction of the Black figure within portraiture, the exhibition features contemporary works – made between the year 2000 and today – that consider and celebrate figuration as a means of illuminating the richness and complexity of Black life. Exhibition of the Week Read Now Priscilla The Party! opens this month at HERE, part of the new £1bn Outernet development, an electrifying and high tech venue at Denmark Street in Soho, which has swiftly become ‘London’s most visited attraction’. Based on the Oscar-winning movie and Tony Award and Olivier Award winning musical, the show tells the same heart-warming, uplifting story of three friends, who hop aboard a battered old bus to seek fame and fortune in Alice Springs. Theatre of the Week Read Now This Is London Magazine LtdRegistered in England 1595702 Contactproduction@til.com(+44 20 7434 1281)