China Highlights | Best-Rated Personalized Travel China Tours China Tours 2024/2025 China Expats Tours China Winter Tours Top 10 Tours Panda Tours Great Wall Hiking Silk Road Tours Family Tours Yangtze River Cruise Hiking Tours Great Wall of China Tours Destinations Beijing Tibet Xinjiang Xi'an Zhangjiajie Inner Mongolia Shanghai Huangshan Guizhou Guilin Xiamen Harbin Chengdu Yunnan Hong Kong Travel Guide Itinerary Ideas 8 Days 9 Days 10 Days 11 Days 12 Days 13 Days 14 Days 15 Days 16 Days 17 Days 18 Days 19 Days 20 Days 21 Days Plan a Trip First Trip Family Trip Summer Trip Winter Trip Shanghai, Hangzhou, Suzhou Shanghai to the Great Wall China and Japan Guide by Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Culture Chinese Festivals Chinese Food Chinese Zodiac Chinese Tea Chinese Arts Chinese Ethnic Group Chinese Literature Chinese Architecture Chinese Medicine Chinese Religions Chinese Language China History Chinese Clothes Chinese Kung Fu Zodiac Signs Dream Meanings Palm Reading Trains Train Stations and Schedules Train Travel Flight Train App Download Asia Tours China-Japan China-Vietnam China-Mongolia-Thailand China-Nepal-India China-Thailand China-Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan-Turkmenistan Day Tours Beijing Shanghai Xi'an Chengdu Guilin Zhangjiajie Huangshan Yunnan Great Wall Tours Food Tours Fun Activities Contact us Top 10 China tours 2024/2025 for first visits and returns: embark on a lifetime experience. Learn more Your wellbeing is our priority. Your trip is perfectly planned. Your booking is risk-free. China Highlights, Discovery Your Way! Discover China with the most-chosen and best-rated tour company for personalized travel in China. Boasting over 10,000+ reviews and a 98.8% 5-star rating, we're committed to saving your time in planning and ensuring smiles throughout your travels. Explore and kickstart your personalized travel experience with just a click! From December 1st, 2023 to November 30th, 2024, travelers from France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Spain, and Malaysia can enjoy a 15-day visa-free entry to China for tourism, business, transit, and visiting friends and relatives in China. Top China Tour Packages 2024/2025 The tours below will give you an idea of what's possible if you travel with us. Our tours are always designed to help you experience authentic China. Feel free to customize any tour to incorporate your preferred destinations, interests and schedule. Family Happiness 11-Day Beijing - Xi'an - Guilin - Shanghai Family Tour Top family itinerary Experience China's countryside life together View More Classic Wonders 11-Day Beijing – Xi'an – Guilin – Shanghai Tour The best choice for first-timers Discover the picturesque rural China View More A Close Encounter with Pandas 2-Week Beijing – Xi'an – Chengdu – Yangtze Cruise – Shanghai Tour The best choice for panda fans Be a panda keeper View More China Natural Wonders Discovery 2-Week Beijing – Xi'an – Zhangjiajie – Guilin – Shanghai Tour The best choice for nature lovers Witness the Hallelujah Mountains View More Incredible Beauty of Southwest China 18-Day Epic China Tour with Yunnan and Tibet Ideal for a second China tour Explore more natural beauty and ethnic cultures View More China Essence and South Discovery 18-Day Classic China Tour with Yunnan Best for culture fans Meet Chinese ethnic minorities View More A Grand Exploration of China 3-Week China Tour with Holy Xizang (Tibet) The best for a bucket list trip A grand trip including China's highlights View More China Classic Wonders and Silk Road 3-Week China Tour with Silk Road Best for retired couples Main cities and core destinations of Silk Road View More More China Tours and Itineraries Discover real reviews of Highlights Travel Family's best-rated service across trusted platforms. Chengdu at it`s best We made a private tour through South China in January 2024. Altogether Chengdu was the highlight. We had an incredible day at Emeishan. In Chengdu our guidewas Helen. She was the diamond of all. Speaking fluently English, full of interesting stories, laughing and talking all the time. We missed her the rest of our tour. We highly recommend to go to Chengdu for 3 days when visiting China, especially with Helen. more Feb 2024, peter Best Tour Ever Other highlights are too many to mention but here are a few Ken taking us to the Terracotta Warriors and our food tour in Xian was amazing, more Feb 2024, Liz Hickson Chengdu and Volunteer program Panda base Our day volunteering at the Panda Base was truly unforgettable. Helen, our guide, provided us with invaluable insights about Chengdu and the pandas, enriching our tour with her knowledge and expertise. We're grateful to Helen for accompanying us throughout the day and showcasing the highlights of China. more Feb 2024, Eliaquim Chengdu at it`s best We had a booking with China Highlights through Silvia Ye who guarenteed a perfect organisation. In Chengdu our guide was Helen. She was the diamond of all. Speaking fluently English, full of interesting stories, laughing and talking all the time. We missed her the rest of our tour. We highly recommend to go to Chengdu for 3 days when visiting China, especially with Helen. more Feb 2024, Peter Shanghai tour with Kris We traveled to China during the Chinese new year and we had Kris as our guide and he is simply knowledgeable,helpful and great. more Feb 2024, Maria C Guilin 2024 We visited Guilin for 2 days and stayed in the Guilin Waterfall hotel. Guilin was absolutely beautiful! Our guide, William, was very knowledgeable and kind! He taught us so much about Guilin and the surrounding area! We really enjoyed trying the specialty rice noodles of Guilin. Our highlight was the Li river cruise. more Feb 2024, Explore Excellent service Amazing tour and the guide Mr. 贺霄 was very accommodating with our needs and request as we have bought our 2 years old with us. Well explained for all the place we visited. Any additional cost were informed well ahead and didn't felt any pressure if we opt not to go for additional detour. The trip was relaxing/ laid back/no rushing with zero shopping! more Feb 2024, JJC We had an amazing to China We had an amazing to China. Our tour guide Martin in Shanghai was super knowledgeable, caring and very flexible with our itinerary. When my wife got sick in the Shanghai, he was able to arrange an English-speaking doctor on the spot and took us to the clinic. On top of the that, Martin and the driver stayed with us at the clinic for the whole duration and drove us back to the hotel afterwards. His genuine concern for our welfare and willingness to go the extra mile did not go unnoticed, and we were deeply touched by his kindness and compassion. more Feb 2024, Ray Luan Amazing trip to China We had an amazing to China. Our tour guide Martin in Shanghai was super knowledgeable, caring and very flexible with our itinerary. When my wife got sick in the Shanghai, he was able to arrange an English-speaking doctor on the spot and took us to the clinic. On top of the that, Martin and the driver stayed with us at the clinic for the whole duration and drove us back to the hotel afterwards. His genuine concern for our welfare and willingness to go the extra mile did not go unnoticed, and we were deeply touched by his kindness and compassion. more Feb 2024, Ray L. Beautiful Beijing with Ethan & Mr. Chen Ethan, our wonderful guide, whose praises we can not sing loudly enough, was compassionate, caring, and overall endearing! His sense of ease and familiarity with each sight, which were unfamiliar wonders to us, provided a sense of peacefulness that facilitated full enjoyment - helped too by his punctuality and attention to detail. more Feb 2024, apisn2023 The Highlights and High Life of Beijing with Ethan & Mr. Chen Ethan, our wonderful tour guide, made our entire trip an absolute joy for us as he was extraordinarily caring, considerate, and generous. Having had the pleasure of taking in the sights of Beijing previously with another lovely guide, Angela, it was spectacular not only to show the family how fantastic the city is but also how high the quality of services provided by China Highlights are. Each day unveiled a new treasure, helpfully detailed by Ethan, and punctuated by delicious and varied local food. Our driver, Mr. Chen, was also a delight, and was equally as key to the overall experience as he was both attentive and almost mystically punctual! more Feb 2024, Apis Shanghai 2024 We had an amazing to China. Our tour guide Martin in Shanghai was super knowledgeable, caring and very flexible with our itinerary. When my wife got sick in the Shanghai, he was able to arrange an English-speaking doctor on the spot and took us to the clinic. On top of the that, Martin and the driver stayed with us at the clinic for the whole duration and drove us back to the hotel afterwards. His genuine concern for our welfare and willingness to go the extra mile did not go unnoticed, and we were deeply touched by his kindness and compassion. more Feb 2024, Venture33530492375 Beautiful Yangshuo Guilin, but mostly Yangshuo was at the tail end of our China adventure so there was a lot to live up to. Having a guide like Gary Wei meant that our trip ended on a high! We arrived in Guilin very late from an 11 hour train journey. Gary met us with gifts of fruit, sweet bread and cakes which was so unexpected and thoughtful.Gary's knowledge of the area was exceptional and his attention to us the same. He really took our children under his wing - even tuning in to annoying sibling rivalry and managing to keep the peace very well! Gary was our personal photographer at times and even our Taiji instructor, making a beautiful video of us all doing Taiji in a scenic setting :)The cruise from Guilin to Yangshuo is definitely worth taking and we enjoyed our few nights in the area, riding bikes along the river, doing a cooking class and enjoying the scenery more Feb 2024, JenB Vincent was a fantastic guide ! Vincent was a fantastic guide !Vincent is a wonderful & warm guide. He is extremely knowledgeable and his explanations are excellent. He showed us around Guilin & Yangshuo. He attended to all of our needs and really made the tour very special more Feb 2024, David Great Time in Beijing Our 4-day experience in Beijing was unforgettable. Our guide, Selinda, opened the doors to the city's millennia-old history and culture with her knowledge, kindness, and courtesy. We discovered magnificent places, tasted delicious food, and stayed in clean hotels, all accompanied by safe and reliable transportation service. We recommend traveling with China Highlights. more Feb 2024, Nicola B Alice was a fantastic tour guide Alice was a fantastic tour guide. She took us to many places in and around Lijiang including Jade Dragon Snow mountain and the old town. She is knowledgeable and very warm & friendly and very helpful with everything more Feb 2024, 文文 Thank you, Shannon. Thank you, Xi,an. We met our tour guide Shannon in Xi,an and we enjoyed very much our stay. Her good English level and her knowledge of the history of the city made our jorney very memorable. Kind, flexible and patient, she attended all our wishes. We will always be grateful for her work. more Feb 2024, Man B 3rd time the charm, is being charmed for the 3rd time. This is my 3rd tour of Beijing in the last 18 months and I think that speaks a little to the quality of service you get with China Highlights. Each time the sites are the same but each tour guide managed to present them in new and wonderful ways. Also some attractions that were undergoing renovations have been completed, so there were new things to see as well.A big thanks to Mr. Michael, our tour this time around. He was very gregarious and knowledgeable about all the sites. more Feb 2024, Jonathan Mueller 3rd time the charm, is charmed for the 3rd time The sites stay the same but each time we have done this tour, the tour guides manage to make it feel like it is the first time you are experiencing it. And, with the constant renovations, this time we were able to see previous areas that were unavailable the last time we came. more Feb 2024, Jonathan M Great trip and experience! From beginning to end, China Highlights was very courteous, responsive and attentive in planning and executing a great trip!Aspects and execution of the trip was as discussed and was an overall great experience. Our guide, Michael, was very kind and knowledgeable throughout the tour and would address all questions and help us take lots of photos. Would definitely travel with China Highlights again! more Feb 2024, Karol Top Asia Tours Including China Beijing, Shanghai, Bangkok, Chiang Mai, and Phuket 15-Day China and Thailand Discovery View More Tokyo - Hakone - Kyoto - Osake -Beijing - Xi'an - Shanghai 16-Day Japan and China Discovery Tour View More Splendid History and Culture on Both Sides of the Himalayas 20-Day China (including Tibet), Nepal, and India Tour View More Take a Leisurely and In-depth Trip to Asia 3-Week China and Vietnam Adventure Tour View More From Beijing to Luang Prabang and Bangkok 21-Day China, Laos, and Thailand Discovery View More From China to Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan 21-Day Silk Road Tour from China to Central Asia View More An Epic Himalayan Journey 3-Week Nepal, Xizang (Tibet), and Bhutan Tour View More More Asia Tours How to Make the Most of Your Time in China? 7 Days in China 8 Days in China 9 Days in China 10 Days in China 11 Days in China 12 Days in China 13 Days in China 14 Days in China 15 Days in China 16 Days in China 17 Days in China 18 Days in China 19 Days in China 20 Days in China 21 Days in China The Most Popular China Tour Destinations BeijingGreat Wall . Forbidden City Xi'anTerracotta Warriors . Ancient City Wall GuilinKarst Landscapes . Idyllic Countryside ChengduGiant Panda . Cuisine and UNESCO Scenery ShanghaiSkyscrapers . Bund Xizang (Tibet)Mt. Everest . Potala Palace See all China Destinations How to Plan a Trip to China? How to Plan Your Family Trip to China How to Plan a First Trip to China How to Plan a Panda Tour Get more updated travel tips Create my trip Why Travel with China Highlights (98.8% positive customer reviews among 10,000+) Unique experiences tailored to your interests: Enjoy a premium trip that goes beyond the typical tourist attractions. Hassle-free travel and peace of mind: Every aspect of your trip will be carefully planned and organized by your 1:1 travel consultant. Experienced and knowledgeable guides: Your guides will be local and love to work for travelers' smiles. Popular tours Make the most of your time Choose the best time to visit Start planning your tailor-made tour with 1-1 help from our travel advisors. Create Your Trip Sign up to Our Newsletter Be the first to receive exciting updates, exclusive promotions, and valuable travel tips from our team of experts. Please fill up your name. Please fill up your email address. Please verify your email. Inspire Me The China Highlights Experience 1-to-1 Expert Planning Your tour will be tailor-made by your personal travel advisor — a destination expert. Every reply will be within 24 hours. Personal Journeys Enjoy your personal local guide and ride. Explore destinations at your own pace. Have unparalleled flexibility, which is impossible on a group tour. Authentic Experiences Discover the hidden gems. Experience local culture by practicing it. Try new and exciting activities, and unveil the stories behind the sights and people. Well-Selected Local Guides Knowledgeable, enthusiastic, and attentive — your personal local guides will share interesting stories, insider information, and even create unexpected highlights! Where Can We Take You Today? Top 10 Tours Panda Tours Family Tours Food Tours Nature Tours Photography Tours Visa-free Tours Hiking Tours Biking Tours Festival Tours Top Asia Tours Beijing Chengdu Chongqing Great Wall Guilin Guizhou Harbin Hangzhou Huangshan Hong Kong Inner Mongolia Jiuzhaigou Pingyao Shanghai Suzhou Silk Road Xinjiang Xiamen Yunnan Yangtze River Zhangjiajie Tibet Taiwan Tours from Hong Kong Tours from Shanghai Thailand Vietnam Cambodia South Korea Middle East Laos Japan Singapore African safari Peru Malaysia Indonesia (Bali) India Israel Portugal Nepal Bhutan Sri Lanka Greece South Africa Myanmar Central Asia Egypt Italy Tanzania Morocco Turkey Jordan Kenya China Highlights tailor-makes China tours to help travelers discover China their way. We're a passionate team of one hundred avid travelers who love to share our knowledge of China with those looking for a more authentic travel experience, more ... China Highlights International Travel Service Co., LTD Corporate Number: 914503003486045699 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Featured on Travel Agents About us Reviews Contact us Loyalty & Referral Program Partner Privacy Policy Terms Asia Global Deutsch Français Español Italiano Русский 日本語 © 1998-2024 China Highlights — Discovery Your Way!