Need-to-Know News, Insights, & Intelligence for Business Leaders | JD Supra Menu News & Insights Popular Labor & Employment Finance & Banking Intellectual Property Health & Healthcare Environmental Issues more… Business Insurance Commercial Real Estate Corporate Taxes Immigration Securities more… Personal Residential Real Estate Estate Planning Civil Rights Personal Taxes Bankruptcy more… Jump to: Latest Updates » Trending [7] [Hot Topic] Artificial Intelligence [Hot Topic] Employer Liability Issues [Hot Topic] Environmental, Social & Governance [Ongoing] Read Latest SCOTUS Analysis, All Aspects Stay Informed: Popular Reads on JD Supra Meet JD Supra's Top Authors! Build a Morning News Digest: Easy, Custom Content, Free! Browse All Law News Topics » Find Author By Business Matters Labor & Employment Finance & Banking Intellectual Property Insurance Taxes By Personal Issues Civil Rights Family Matters Personal Injury Wills, Trusts, & Estate Planning Worker’s Compensation By Location California New York Texas Canada United Kingdom Subscribe Custom Email Digests Build a custom email digest by following topics, people, and firms published on JD Supra. X (formerly Twitter) RSS Feeds for Publishers For Reporters My Account Log In Follow Expert Insight, Commentary, and Intelligence On... Corporate Data Protection Compliance Issues D&O Insurance The SEC USCIS & Visas Commercial Real Estate Others » Small Business Employee Handbooks Social Media Issues Employer Liabilities Intellectual Property Independent Contractors OSHA Matters Others » Personal Matters Estate Planning Artificial Intelligence Discrimination Retaliation Mortgages Privacy Others » Latest Updates [Video] Daily Compliance News: March 5, 2024 – The World’s Most Ethical Edition by Thomas Fox - Compliance Evangelist Welcome to the Daily Compliance News. Each day, Tom Fox, the Voice of Compliance, brings you compliance-related stories to start your day. Sit back, enjoy a cup of morning coffee and listen to the Daily Compliance News. All from the… more [Video] Daily Compliance News: March 5, 2024 – The World’s Most Ethical Edition by Thomas Fox - Compliance Evangelist Welcome to the Daily Compliance News. Each day, Tom Fox, the Voice of Compliance, brings you compliance-related stories to start your day. Sit back, enjoy a cup of morning coffee and listen to the Daily Compliance News. All from the… more [Video] Hot Topics in International Trade-The Mod Act by Braumiller Law Group, PLLC VP of Marketing Bob Brewer sits down once again with Robert Stein, VP of Braumiller Consulting Group to discuss the Mod Act, what it means regarding better communications with Customs and those involved in international trade… more [Audio] The Coming Perfect Storm by GeoDataVision Podcast #69, "The Coming Perfect Storm," features a discussion between Dean and Len Suzio about new regulatory challenges for the banking sector. Len highlights the implications of two key regulations: Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank… more IRS Announces New Audit Initiative Focused on Jet Airplane Usage by McDermott Will & Emery On February 21, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced a new initiative to audit the use of airplanes by corporations, large partnerships and high-net-worth individuals. While the IRS has always examined plane usage, this… more California AG Warns State-Chartered Banks and Credit Unions on Fees by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On February 22, California Attorney General Rob Bonta sent letters to 197 state-charted banks and credit unions warning them that certain fees they charge may constitute “unfair” business practices under California’s Unfair Competition… more ¿Qué pasará con el uso de los recursos comprometidos a través de vigencias futuras en Colombia? by Holland & Knight LLP Recientemente se presentó un debate en torno al Decreto de Liquidación del Presupuesto General de la Nación de Colombia aprobado por el Congreso de la República que fue expedido por el Gobierno Nacional en cabeza del Ministerio de… more Auto Finance Company Faces Class Action Lawsuit for Targeting Military Families by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On February 21, a proposed class action lawsuit was filed against an auto finance company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia alleging various violations of the Military Lending Act (“MLA”). The named… more Justice Department Hires First Chief AI Officer by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On February 22, Attorney General Merrick B. Garland appointed Jonathan Mayer as the Justice Department’s inaugural Chief Science and Technology Advisor and Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer. Mayer will sit in the Justice… more MADS propone cambiar competencia para otorgar licencia ambiental a proyectos de FNCER by Holland & Knight LLP El Ministerio de Ambiente y Desarrollo Sostenible (MADS) de Colombia publicó para comentarios el proyecto de decreto que pretende modificar la competencia para otorgar licencia ambiental a los proyectos de exploración y uso de fuentes… more The Top 10 Horrible, No-Good Mistakes Construction Lawyers Make: Mistake No. 1: Not Realizing It’s All About the Facts by Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP I have practiced law for 40 years, with the vast majority spent as a “construction lawyer.” I have seen great… and bad… construction lawyering, both when on the other side of a dispute, as well as when serving well over 300 times as a… more $100 Million in Funding for Pilot-Scale Testing of CO2 Removal Technologies Available from DOE Through Its Carbon Negative Shots Pilot by Foley Hoag LLP - Energy & Climate Counsel The US Department of Energy (DOE) is providing $100 million in funding to develop commercially viable carbon dioxide removal technologies through the Office of Fossil Energy and Carbon Management’s Carbon Negative Shots Pilot program… more FAQs: UK FCA consults on plans to publicise investigations and amend its Enforcement Guide by Allen & Overy LLP By now, you may have heard that the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is consulting on changes to its approach to publicising enforcement investigations, as well as other changes to its Enforcement Guide. If they come into force… more Navigating Hemp THC Beverages by McDermott Will & Emery Nonalcoholic beverages infused with delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) derived from hemp (aka intoxicating hemp beverages) are becoming increasingly popular for consumers looking for an alternative to alcohol… more Regulatory monitoring Newsletter - February 2024 by Allen & Overy LLP 1. Bank regulation - 1.1 Prudential regulation - (a) General - (i) EU - ECB: Memorandum of Cooperation between ECB and CAs on third-country bank supervision - Status: Final - The ECB has published a Memorandum of Cooperation… more Rise in Healthcare Data Breaches & the Impact for Healthcare Providers in 2024 by Bradley Arant Boult Cummings LLP The healthcare sector is increasingly facing cyber-threats with ransomware and hacking at the forefront. In the last five years, there has been a staggering 256% rise in significant hacking-related breaches and a 264% surge in… more Florida's Live Local Act Tax Exemption Deadline Looms by Holland & Knight LLP Florida's 2023 Live Local Act provides significant land use, zoning and tax benefits. (See Holland & Knight's previous alerts, "Florida's New Live Local Act Offers Land Use and Tax Benefits," Aug. 8, 2023, and "Florida's Live Local Act… more Regulatory monitoring: EU version Newsletter - February 2024 by Allen & Overy LLP 1. Bank regulation - 1.1 Prudential regulation - (a) General - (i) EU - ECB: Memorandum of Cooperation between ECB and CAs on third-country bank supervision - Status: Final - The ECB has published a Memorandum of Cooperation… more Hey Doc, Be Careful on TikTok - Legal Pitfalls of Healthcare Providers in the Social Media Age by Buckingham, Doolittle & Burroughs, LLC Imagine you are scrolling on TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, or one of the multitude of other social media platforms that almost every one of us have on our devices, and you come across a video of a physician discussing medical concerns… more New Pet Food Proposal Introduced in US House by Perkins Coie On February 15, a bipartisan group of five Congressional Representatives introduced the Pet Food Uniform Regulatory Reform Act of 2024 (the PURR Act) in the U.S. House. Currently, the FDA’s regulation of pet foods is similar to… more Israel Securities Authority: Oversight of Unsupervised Entities by Barnea Jaffa Lande & Co. In recent times, there has been an increasing trend of supervision by the Israel Securities Authority (ISA) over non-supervised entities. This may seem paradoxical: if these entities are not under supervision, why does the ISA monitor… more Client Alert: California Consumer Privacy Act Rules: Twists and Turns on the Road to Enforcement by Jenner & Block Businesses subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) could be forgiven for feeling like they have whiplash from the twists and turns in the California privacy rulemaking process. To recap: In June 2023, the California… more Fifth Circuit Will Reconsider Challenges to Nasdaq Board Diversity Rule by Holland & Knight LLP The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit agreed recently to revisit a challenge to Nasdaq's board diversity rule. As we previously reported, a three-judge panel of the Fifth Circuit upheld the rule in October 2023. Now, the… more UPC Court of Appeal Issues First Decision, Overturns Preliminary Injunction by McDermott Will & Emery Back in September 2023, the Unified Patent Court’s (UPC) Local Division Munich issued a preliminary injunction against the defendant in 10x Genomics, Inc. v. NanoString Technologies, Inc. On February 26, 2024, in a landmark decision… more Dietary Supplements: FDA Renames and Updates Ingredient Directory by Perkins Coie The FDA recently launched an updated dietary supplement ingredient directory titled "Information on Select Dietary Supplement Ingredients and Other Substances," replacing FDA’s "Dietary Supplement Ingredient Directory," released last… more The Washington My Health, My Data Act Looms Large by Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt PC The Washington My Health My Data Act was passed in April 2023 to expand privacy protections for personal health data. Thus far, only the Act’s geofencing requirements have been enforceable. On March 31, 2024, the Act’s remaining… more Bureau of Industry and Security Announces Digital Security Inquiry into the Automotive Industry by White & Case LLP On February 29, 2024, the US Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") announced an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking ("ANPRM") that asks for public input on potential regulations to address the risks to… more Enabling REITs to Deploy Renewable Energy: Toward a Workable Legal Standard by Sullivan & Worcester When Treasury promulgated Treasury Decision 9784, I.R.B 2016-39 nearly a decade ago, the net metering renewable energy safe harbor (Section XI “Renewable Energy”, Subsection A) was welcome guidance that was fit for the time and the… more FTC Warns About Changing Terms of Service or Privacy Policy to Train AI on Previously Collected Data by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP In a prior article Training AI Models – Just Because It’s “Your” Data Doesn’t Mean You Can Use It, we addressed how many companies are sitting on a trove of customer data and are realizing that this data can be valuable to train AI… more McDermottPlus Check-Up: March 1, 2024 by McDermott+Consulting Appropriations Update. As appropriators continue to finalize the 12 funding bills for fiscal year (FY) 2024 – which began on October 1, 2023 – a series of stopgap CRs have been needed to avoid a government shutdown. This week, leaders… more FDIC Issues Consent Order Against Tennessee Bank by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On January 30, a Tennessee-based community bank entered into a consent order with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. following the agency’s allegations that the Bank engaged in unsafe or unsound banking practices relating to its… more CPPA Releases Proposed Updates to CCPA Regulations and Unveils New Draft Privacy Assessment and ADM Rules by McDermott Will & Emery On February 23, 2024, the California Privacy Protection Agency (CPPA) released proposed updates to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) regulations and draft updates to the Risk Assessment and Automated Decisionmaking Technology… more CFPB Issues Risk-Based Supervision Order Against Installment Lender by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On February 23, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced its first public decision designating a nonbank lender for supervision based on the institution’s potential risk to consumers… more State Attorneys General Weigh in Amidst Supreme Court Case That Could Restrict Access to Abortion Drug Mifepristone by Foley Hoag LLP - State AG Insights Attorneys general across the country have joined in litigation related to mifepristone, a drug used for medication abortions. A case currently before the Supreme Court, FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, could affect access to… more The CFPB Takes Aim at Digital Comparison Shopping Websites and Lead Generators by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP On February 29, the CFPB issued a circular warning digital comparison-shopping websites and lead generators that practices that steer customers to certain financial products or services based on compensation received from companies… more Federal District Court Ruling: The CTA is Unconstitutional by Ballard Spahr LLP On March 1, Judge Liles C. Burke of the Northern District of Alabama issued a Memorandum Opinion (“Opinion”) and Final Judgment, finding that the Corporate Transparency Act (“CTA”) is unconstitutional… more Good news, bad news by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) There’s good and bad news out there for compliance departments, and it’s also the same news: Governments now very much appreciate strong compliance programs. On the one hand, that is very good (if not great!) news. Prosecutors… more Earnout Provisions: When Litigation Arises and How to Avoid It by Jones Day The use of earnout provisions, which buyers and sellers often use to bridge differing views of value, is on the rise, especially in the private equity and corporate venture capital markets. This White Paper examines how courts have… more Pension: what's new this week 4 March 2024 by Allen & Overy LLP This week we cover the following topics: Government consults on options for DB schemes; HRMC pension schemes newsletter; FRC begins first phase of UK Stewardship Code review; TPR publishes report on 2023 DB survey..… more House to Consider Capital Formation Bills by Mayer Brown Free Writings + Perspectives On March 5, 2024, the House will consider capital formation related legislation, H.R. 2799. This was originally introduced in April 2023 and reported out in July 2023. It is comprised of 19 separate bills. The House Financial… more Environmental marketing risk by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Much is made of the need for accurate reporting in accordance with recognized standards. But this month, I’m returning to a topic I briefly touched on in July 2023, when I discussed the potential for misleading images and statements… more Federal Government Issues Comprehensive Guidance for Employers Using Form I-9 Software Programs by Troutman Pepper In the ever-evolving landscape of employment verification, the use of Form I-9 software programs is increasingly prevalent. These programs, often part of an HRIS (Human Resource Information System), streamline the process of verifying… more Lien and Bond Claims in March 2024: Dates to Remember by Gray Reed Please use the below guide as a reference when filing lien and bond claim notices for the month of March… more Year in Review: CCPA Litigation Trends from 2023 by WilmerHale This post is part of a series of articles we are doing on 2023 data protection litigation trends. While the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is most known for its onerous privacy compliance obligations, the law also provides for… more FTC Cracks Down on Deceptive Marketing: Old Southern Brass Faces Consequences for False Claims on “Made in USA” and Military Association by Knobbe Martens The Federal Trade Commission is cracking down on Florida-based EXOTOUSA LLC d/b/a Old Southern Brass and its owner (collectively, “OSB”) for deceptive claims regarding the origin of its products and its alleged financial donations to… more Soaring New Heights: The IRS’s Crackdown of Aircraft Usage by Corporations and High-Income Earners by McDermott Will & Emery The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has announced plans to initiate dozens of new audits this spring in an attempt to limit personal usage of corporate aircraft. These audits will focus primarily on “highest risk” corporations and large… more Immigration Challenges for Employers in the UK by Littler Few people acknowledge the implications of the UK Government’s measures to reduce legal migration to the UK on employers. The UK government is intent on reversing a recent increase in net migration figures… more Weekly Blockchain Blog - March 2024 by BakerHostetler Crypto Exchanges Launch Institutional Platform, LATAM Stablecoin - A major U.S. cryptocurrency exchange recently announced the launch of an institutional platform “aimed at institutions, asset managers, hedge funds and high… more Executive Order Limits Sale or Transfer of Personal Data to Certain Countries by Jones Day The U.S. Government has identified the exploitation of Americans' bulk sensitive personal data and U.S. government-related data by "countries of concern" as posing a national security risk… more The case for autonomy and resources by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) There it is on page 39, under “Compliance Leadership and Oversight: The Compliance Officer’s Primary Responsibilities”: “. . . the compliance officer should not lead or report to the entity’s legal or financial functions, and… more DOJ Reports Record False Claims Act Settlements & Judgments in FY 2023 by Dentons Fiscal year 2023 saw record recoveries and the highest number of settlements and judgments ever under the Federal False Claims Act. According to a new report released by the United States Department of Justice (“DOJ”), the federal… more Mobility@McDermott: Monthly Update (02/2024) by McDermott Will & Emery 1. Ruling of European Court of Justice on jurisdiction in product liability case- Another interesting judgment of the ECJ on jurisdiction in cross-border disputes was handed down on 22 February 2024 in a product liability… more Aetna Life Insurance Files Notice of Data Breach Impacting Tens of Thousands of Customers by Console and Associates, P.C. On March 1, 2024, Aetna Life Insurance Company (“Aetna”) filed a notice of data breach with the Attorney General of Texas after discovering that confidential information that had been entrusted to the company was subject to… more And the Award for Most Creative Attempt to Evade a Book Value Buy-Sell Provision Goes To . . . by Farrell Fritz, P.C. “Under any standard of value, the true economic value of a business enterprise will equal the company’s accounting book value only by coincidence . . .” says the late business valuation expert and author Shannon Pratt. So why do so… more HHS OIG General Compliance Program Guidance: An empowered and independent compliance function by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Corporate Compliance & Ethics Week 2023 kicked off with a gift for healthcare and life sciences compliance practitioners by way of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of Inspector General’s (OIG) General… more UK Corporate Briefing - March 2024 by BCLP Welcome to the Corporate Briefing, where we review the latest developments in UK corporate law that you need to know about. In this month’s issue, we discuss..… more Five Dos and Don’ts for Preserving an Honest Belief Defense by Bodman In an employment discrimination case, whether an employer is successful in getting a dismissal often depends on whether it can show it had an “honest belief” in a non-discriminatory reason for the employment decision… more NLRB Holds That an Employer Cannot Prohibit Political Slogans on Company Uniform by Steptoe & Johnson PLLC The National Labor Relations Board (NLRB or the Board) has ruled that a Home Depot employee engaged in protected concerted activity by wearing a Black Lives Matter (BLM) slogan on a company uniform. The Board found that displaying the… more Additional Updates » Upcoming Webinars & Events Mar 4-5 Creating Effective Compliance Training Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Mar 5 Slash Document Review Costs - Get More Than Just an Adequate Production Webinar by Association of Certified E-Discovery Specialists (ACEDS) Mar 5 FinTech University: FinTech and Bank Regulations Webinar by Nelson Mullins Riley & Scarborough LLP Mar 5 Rise of the Machines: Transitioning to AI Powered Workflow in the Practice of Law Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 5 Improving Access to Care for Pregnant and Postpartum People With Opioid Use Disorder Webinar by Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP Mar 5 What Can My Business Contribute to a Campaign? Webinar by Foster Swift Collins & Smith Mar 5 Are You Ready for MiCAR? – Webinar on the Introduction to the new EU Crypto Regulation Webinar by McDermott Will & Emery Mar 5-6 Level 2: Title IX Informal Resolution Facilitator Training (Higher Education Title IX Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 5-7 23rd Annual Legal Malpractice & Risk Management Conference (LMRM) Chicago, IL Event by Hinshaw & Culbertson LLP Mar 6 AI and eDiscovery: Unplugged Auckland, New Zealand Event by Association of Certified E-Discovery Specialists (ACEDS) Mar 6 Data Security Secrets for HR: Background Screening, I-9, & Beyond Webinar by Mitratech Holdings, Inc Mar 6 Ohio’s House Bill 68 Goes Into Effect – What are the Next Steps for K-12 + Higher Ed? Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 6 Cybersecurity Resilience in Law Firms Webinar by Clark Hill PLC Mar 6 Cultivating and Sustaining Title IX Advisors Webinar by Cohen Seglias Pallas Greenhall & Furman PC Mar 6-7 8th Annual Canadian Forum on Global Economic Sanctions Toronto, ON, Canada Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Mar 7 Assistance With Assists Webinar by Braumiller Law Group, PLLC Mar 7 SAP Clients: How To Achieve Authentic Pay Equity Webinar by Trusaic Mar 7 No Surprises Act Update: The Latest Litigation, Enforcement, IDR and Implementation Challenges Webinar by Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP Mar 7 Generative AI: What Can It Do For – and To – You and Your Clients Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 7 Eminent Domain Case Law Update Webinar by Nossaman LLP Mar 7 A Cookieless Future and Promise of PETs: A Primer on Privacy Enhancing Technologies Webinar by Clark Hill PLC Mar 8 Regional Compliance & Ethics Conference Washington, DC Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Mar 8 Regional Compliance & Ethics Conference Washington, DC Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Mar 8 Ethics, Cybersecurity, Privacy, and Data Protection Webinar by TransPerfect Legal Mar 11 Level 1: General Title IX Training for All K-12 Staff Members Ongoing Program by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 11-14 Healthcare Basic Compliance Academy Nashville, TN Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Mar 11-14 Healthcare Research Compliance Academy Nashville, TN Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Mar 12 Eye on ESI Webinar by Association of Certified E-Discovery Specialists (ACEDS) Mar 12 OIG Work Plan - What We Learned in 2023 Webinar by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Mar 12 Challenges in Vendor Collaboration: Effective Strategies for Legal Partnerships Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 12 Long-Term Strategies to Hire & Retain H-1B Employees Webinar by Harris Beach PLLC Mar 12 How to Prepare for New State Health Privacy Laws Webinar by McDermott Will & Emery Mar 13 Making Sense of Methane for the Oil and Gas Sector: EPA’s New Methane Tax, Operating Regulations, and GHG Reporting Houston, TX CLE Hybrid Event by Vinson & Elkins LLP Mar 13 Level 2: K-12 Title IX Coordinator/Administrator Training Ongoing Program by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 13 Corporate Transparency Act's Impact on Real Estate: Reporting Companies; Exemptions; Beneficial Ownership Reporting Webinar by Strafford Mar 13 IRC 754 Elections for Tax Counsel: Mastering Structuring Considerations of Basis Adjustments - Navigating Complex Basis Rules and Avoiding Pitfalls in Section 754 Elections Webinar by Strafford Mar 13 Financing-Related Provisions in Acquisition Agreements Webinar by Strafford Mar 13 Women's History Month Series - Session 1: Navigating the Path to Equity Partnership Webinar by Leopard Solutions Mar 13 Survey Says... Top 5 E-Discovery Learnings from Recent Survey of +600 CLOs Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 13 Annual Review: What DOJ’s Annual FCA Report Means for Government Contractors Webinar by PilieroMazza PLLC Mar 13 Illinois Paid Leave/Sick Leave Mandates – Employers, Are You Ready? Webinar by Amundsen Davis LLC Mar 13-14 42nd FDA Boot Camp New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Mar 13-14 Mexico Summit on Anti-Corruption & Compliance Program Mexico City, Mexico Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Mar 13-15 Insurance Coverage and Claims Institute Chicago, IL Event by DRI Mar 14 Yours, Mine, and Ours: Customer Service in the Bank-Fintech Partnership Webinar by Jenner & Block Mar 14 Affirmative Action, OFCCP Compliance, and Pay Equity Analytics in Higher Education Webinar by DCI Consulting Mar 14 M&A Series: International Trade Compliance Due Diligence & CFIUS Webinar by Williams Mullen Mar 14 eDiscovery for the Rest of Us Author Panel: Strategic Tips for Modern eDiscovery Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 14-15 18th Edition Fraud, Asset Tracing & Recovery Geneva, Switzerland Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Mar 15 Level 2: K-12 Title IX Investigator Training Ongoing Program by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 15 Outsmarting Artificial Intelligence! Tips for Leveraging AI While Managing Risks Webinar by Wiley Rein LLP Mar 18 Total Rewards Summit Series Atlanta, GA Event by Trusaic Mar 18 Level 2: K-12 Title IX Decision-Maker Training Ongoing Program by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 18-20 12th Annual European Compliance & Ethics Institute Amsterdam, Netherlands Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Mar 19 Everything I Know about Ethics I Learned from Ted Lasso Webinar by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Mar 19 The Race to 2024: Politics and Social Media in the Workplace and Employer Rights Webinar by Clark Hill PLC Mar 19 Countering Disinformation: Under Attack! Webinar by Guidepost Solutions LLC Mar 19 Buy America Implementation and Compliance (or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Build America Buy America Act) Webinar by Nossaman LLP Mar 19 Let’s Deep Dive into How eDiscovery Pros Make Generative AI Their Greatest Asset Workshop by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 20 Higher Education Contract: Reviewing for Red Flags (Higher Education Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 20 Mastering the Cyber Storm: Tailored Tabletop Exercises for Unmatched Resilience Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 20 Level 2: K-12 Title IX Report Writing for Investigators and Decision-Makers Ongoing Program by Bricker Graydon LLP Mar 20 Preparing for 2024 California Pay Reporting Webinar by DCI Consulting Mar 20 Zooming through data collection for Zoom: Strategies for seamless and efficient collections Webinar by Onna Technologies, Inc. Mar 20 Women's History Month Series - Session 2: Level setting the Playing Field with Your Male Counterparts Webinar by Leopard Solutions Mar 20 Roundtable Discussion of the 2024 Global Internal Audit Standards Updates Webinar by K2 Integrity Mar 20-21 11th Annual Forum on Cosmetics & Personal Care Products New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Mar 20-22 Business and Intellectual Property Litigation Super Conference Philadelphia, PA Event by DRI Mar 20-22 Life, Health, Disability and ERISA Seminar Philadelphia, PA Event by DRI Mar 20-22 Toxic Torts and Environmental Law Seminar Philadelphia, PA Event by DRI Mar 21 10th Advertising Law Symposium Washington, DC Event by Venable LLP Mar 21 Workplace Safety and Employment Law Compliance in ESG Programs Webinar by Conn Maciel Carey LLP Mar 21 Tax Considerations for Foreign Rental Property: Holding Structures, Reporting Rental Income and Expenses, FTCs Webinar by Strafford Mar 21 Bridging Public Health and Managed Care: A Collaborative Approach to Community Health Assessments Webinar by Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP Mar 21 A Boardroom Lens on Generative AI Webinar by KPMG Board Leadership Center (BLC) Mar 22 Practical and Tactical Approach to Good Faith Claims Handling in the Current Bad Faith Environment Webinar by Goldberg Segalla Mar 26 Dirt in the Ditches: A Practical Look at How the Sackett Decision Affects WOTUS Permitting Nationwide Webinar by Nossaman LLP Mar 27 Getting Things Done with GAI Webinar by HaystackID Mar 27 Women's History Month Series - Session 3: Strategies for Business Development in Law Firms Webinar by Leopard Solutions Mar 27 Important eDiscovery Case Law Decisions for March 2024 Webinar by EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Mar 28 Trauma-Informed Intake Meetings (Free Title IX In Focus Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Apr 2 SaaS and Cloud: At the Intersection of IP and Data Protection Webinar by Clark Hill PLC Apr 3 Unlocking the Potential of AI in Legal Discovery: Advanced NLP and Predictive Coding in Nuix Discover Webinar by Association of Certified E-Discovery Specialists (ACEDS) Apr 4 New Wave of Pay Transparency Requirements Affects Employers and Federal Contractors Webinar by PilieroMazza PLLC Apr 8 24th National Forum on Prepaid Accounts Compliance New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr 8-11 Basic Compliance & Ethics Academy Newport Beach, CA Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Apr 9 Eye on ESI Webinar by Association of Certified E-Discovery Specialists (ACEDS) Apr 9-10 8th Forum on FinTech & Emerging Payment Systems New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr 10-12 Trucking Law Seminar St. Louis, MO Event by DRI Apr 11 What is a "First Sale" Transaction, and ﻿What Do You Do About it? Webinar by Braumiller Law Group, PLLC Apr 11-12 10th National Conference on CFIUS Arlington, VA Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr 12 Athletics Hot Topics (Higher Education Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Apr 14-17 28th Annual Compliance Institute Nashville, TN Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) Apr 24 Solve the Digital Puzzle: Your Guide to Navigating Mobile Forensics’ Future Webinar by HaystackID Apr 24 Creating an AI Governance Program (It's Go-Time) Webinar by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Apr 24-25 Interact 2024 London, United Kingdom Event by Mitratech Holdings, Inc Apr 25 Weighing the Evidence in Sexual Violence Cases (Free Title IX In Focus Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Apr 25-26 20th Paragraph IV Disputes New York, NY Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr 29-30 18th Annual Flagship Conference on Economic Sanctions Enforcement and Compliance Washington, DC Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr-May 30-1 Police Tech Conference & Expo Mississauga, Ontario, Canada Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) Apr-May 30-1 8th Advanced Summit on Food Law Chicago, IL Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) May 1-2 Fundamentals of Compliance Investigations Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) May 2-3 15th Annual Advanced Forum on Managed Care Disputes and Litigation Chicago, IL Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) May 6-9 Basic Compliance & Ethics Academy San Antonio, TX Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) May 6-9 Healthcare Basic Compliance Academy San Antonio, TX Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) May 6-9 Healthcare Privacy Compliance Academy San Antonio, TX Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) May 6-10 2024 Summer Certification Series for K-12 Schools & Districts Certification Courses by TNG Consulting May 10 Title IX Litigation Update (Higher Education Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP May 13-15 K-12 Focus Week Certification Courses by TNG Consulting May 13-16 Healthcare Compliance Essentials Workshop Virtual Event by Health Care Compliance Association (HCCA) May 13-16 Compliance & Ethics Essentials Workshop Virtual Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) May 20-21 2nd Annual Forum on IP, Funding and Tech Strategies for Novel Therapeutic Modalities Boston, MA Event by American Conference Institute (ACI) May 20-22 Drug and Medical Device Seminar Washington, DC Event by DRI May 20-22 Employment and Labor Law Seminar Washington, DC Event by DRI May 20-23 Basic Compliance & Ethics Academy Bengaluru, KA, India Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Jun 3-4 Experienced Investigator Workshop New Orleans, LA Event by Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics (SCCE) Jun 6 European Third Party Risk Management & Compliance Summit London, United Kingdom Event by Ethixbase360 Jun 12-14 Diversity for Success Seminar Nashville, TN Event by DRI Jun 12-14 Insurance Bad Faith and Extra-Contractual Liability Seminar Nashville, TN Event by DRI Jun 12-14 Young Lawyers Seminar Nashville, TN Event by DRI Jul 15-19 2024 Summer Certification Series for Higher Education Certification Courses by TNG Consulting Aug 29 Trauma-Informed Resolution Process (Free Title IX In Focus Series) Webinar by Bricker Graydon LLP Show more Featured Authors William Scherman Vinson & Elkins LLP Trending in FERC Alexander Hecht Mintz Trending in Artificial Intelligence Alexander Cotoia The Volkov Law Group Trending in Compliance Joanna Wasick BakerHostetler Trending in Cryptocurrency Troy Stram Alston & Bird Trending in Class Action Mark Tabakman Fox Rothschild LLP Trending in Independent Contractors Tracey Diamond Troutman Pepper Trending in Employer Liability Issues Eric Caligiuri Weintraub Tobin Trending in Patent Infringement Joe Whitcomb Whitcomb Selinsky, PC Trending in Government Contracting Charles Sartain Gray Reed Trending in Oil & Gas Ralph Losey EDRM - Electronic Discovery Reference Model Trending in Electronic Discovery Ann Young Black Carlton Fields Trending in Insurance Nneka Umeh Quarles & Brady LLP Trending in Visas Kathleen Scott Wiley Rein LLP Trending in Cybersecurity Timothy Trysla Alston & Bird Trending in Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Other Topic Channels The NLRB Securities & Exchange Commission Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Federal Trade Commission ERISA Updates Medicare Family Medical Leave Act Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Americans with Disabilities Act Government Contracting False Claims Act Mobile Apps Wage & Hour Class Actions Data Breaches Children's Online Privacy Common Law Marriage Discrimination Fracking Oil & Gas Renewable Energy Electronic Discovery 3D Printing Patents Independent Contractors European Union China Privacy Intellectual Property Employment Law Watch This Daily Compliance News: March 5, 2024 – The World’s Most Ethical Edition Daily Compliance News: March 5, 2024 – The World’s Most Ethical Edition Hot Topics in International Trade-The Mod Act The Coming Perfect Storm Riskology by Infortal Episode 20: AI: Governance Nightmare or Superpower with Matt Kelly Corruption, Crime & Compliance: DOJ’s Shifting Approach to Recidivism and Self-Disclosure Embracing Data Privacy to Drive Business Growth: On Record PR Hsu Untied interview with Michael Esquivel, Partner at Fenwick Adventures in Compliance: Special Episode – Adam Graham and Old Time Radio Sherlock Holmes Back to Top Home What Is JD Supra? Subscribe Leverage Your Thought Leadership Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Team Cookie Preferences Explore 2024 Readers' Choice Awards Copyright © JD Supra, LLC