Ask IFAS - Powered by EDISMENUWhat is Ask IFASAdvanced SearchAsk IFAS How ToEarly DetectionThe fungal pathogen that causes Ganoderma Rot can be detected using saw dust samples from declining palms.Is It Legally Empty?A pesticide container is legally empty if it has been properly rinsed according to federal and state laws.Food and Water for New ChicksChicks can survive up to two or three days without eating or drinking right after hatching because they are able to utilize the nutrients remaining in their retained yolk sac during this time. This is how hatcheries can ship chicks all over the country with little or no mortality. Vanilla GrowingVanilla pollination is done by hand using a toothpick or a needle to lift the rostellum and press the anther and stigma together.Biocontrol NematodeThe mole cricket nematode infects mole crickets through natural openings and releases bacteria that kill the host within 24 to 48 hours. It can persist in the soil for several years and reduce the need for insecticides.RECENT & REVISED PUBLICATIONSEvaluating Pomegranate Cultivars for Resistance to Anthracnose Fruit Rot, a Severe Fungal Disease in Florida and Southeast United StatesEP643/ENH1379by Alexander Schaller, Zhanao Deng, Gary E. Vallad, and John M. ChaterMarch 5th, 2024Pomegranate (Punica granatum L.) has primarily been cultivated at home in Florida and other southeastern states. Over the past 15 years, growers, nurseries, researchers, and Extension agents have explored the potential of pomegranate as an alternative fruit crop. Early field trials revealed that pomegranates are highly susceptible to Colletotrichum gloeosporioides, causing severe anthracnose fruit rot and premature fruit drop. The development and use of disease-resistant cultivars are considered some of the best methods to manage this disease. This publication presents our findings from evaluating 35 pomegranate cultivars under natural disease pressure in central Florida and by artificial inoculation. The susceptibility of such pomegranate cultivars varied widely, with six exhibiting resistance to anthracnose fruit rot. More comprehensive research is warranted to further develop anthracnose-resistant cultivars and to enhance our understanding of disease resistance in this crop. Critical Issue: Agricultural and Food Systems Communicating About Water in the Floridan Aquifer Region: Part 4—The Media’s Role in Water PerceptionsWC443/AEC782by Sadie Hundemer and Shenara RamadanMarch 1st, 2024Local and regional news media often have a major impact on public awareness of and interest in water challenges. It is not simply what the media report that affects public perceptions, but also how they report it. A study of nine years of water reporting from six newspapers in the Floridan Aquifer region revealed a hierarchy of frames used to relate water conditions to human interests. The dominant reasons provided for readers to care about water conditions were economics, human health, and ecosystem impacts (in that order). Ecosystem impacts receive comparatively little journalistic attention, and this may have unintended effects. For example, public interest in water issues may not be as high as it would be if ecosystem impacts were robustly covered. Water news framing can also impact the objectives of water policy. If ecosystem impacts are not emphasized in the media, they may not be adequately attended to in governance. Critical Issue: Water Quality and Conservation Communicating About Water in the Floridan Aquifer Region: Part 2—Do People Believe Water Science?WC442/AEC781by Sadie Hundemer and Shenara RamadanMarch 1st, 2024It is not enough for the public to know the water science that affects their lives; it is also important that they believe it. People are more apt to use water science information if they accept it as true. Moreover, when water science is rejected, policy discourse can devolve into a debate over water facts instead of weighing alternative management strategies. A 2020 study suggests that belief in regional water science is influenced by political orientation. As a result, some individuals do not believe what they understand to be the consensus of water scientists on topics pertaining to the Floridan Aquifer. Equipped with this information, water communicators can take proactive steps, prior to a potential water policy introduction, to increase the likelihood that the public will accept water science.Critical Issue: Water Quality and Conservation Communicating About Water in the Floridan Aquifer Region: Part 1—What Do People Know About Water Science?WC447/AEC786by Sadie Hundemer and Shenara RamadanMarch 1st, 2024Meaningful engagement by the public in the water decisions that affect their lives requires basic scientific knowledge, such as where their water comes from, the factors that affect quality and availability, and the challenges that influence water supply. A 2020 study suggests that Florida and Georgia residents lack fundamental knowledge about their water resources, including regional water processes, including its challenges, and policies. This is the base information that would enable a person to competently participate in water discussions and make citizen-level voting decisions on topics related to the Floridan aquifer. The knowledge deficits identified in the study are areas on which water communicators can build the public’s water science comprehension and, thereby, support increased public engagement. The findings also suggest the level of water science complexity that the public is equipped to understand. Critical Issue: Natural Resources and Environment Communicating About Water in the Floridan Aquifer Region: Part 5—Increasing Collaboration Between Producers and Environmentalists on Water ChallengesWC449/AEC788by Sadie Hundemer and Shenara RamadanMarch 1st, 2024In the Floridan Aquifer region, agricultural producers (farmers and ranchers) and environmentalists are essential water stakeholders, yet they are often perceived to be in conflict over water management. This perceived conflict could be a major impediment to future water policy action. Recent research examined whether there are areas of agreement that could unite producers and environmentalists in support of mutually beneficial water management strategies. A 2017–2018 study found substantial similarities of water priorities between producers and environmentalists despite some areas of disagreement. Capitalizing on shared interests could provide water communicators with a strong basis for developing partnerships and addressing areas of dispute. Critical Issue: Water Quality and Conservation more...95°FProper Temperature for Baby Chicks Newly hatched chicks need to be maintained at 95°F for the first week of their lives. After the first week, chicks can tolerate temperatures 5°F cooler for each week until they are four weeks old.1914Bahiagrass Introducedthis low-maintenance grass was introduced from Brazil and has varieties for use in lawns and pastures.18,728 Pest Management JobsThe Florida pest management industry accounted for more than 14% of the industry’s establishments in 202114.1%OJ InflationOrange Juice prices experienced high inflation, peaking at 14.1% in January 2023, but the number of active consumers slightly increased.Find publications by topic areaAgricultureNatural Resources4-H & Youth DevelopmentLawn & GardenFamily ResourcesIndexes & CollectionsINFORMATIONEDIS BlogBookstoreAccessibilityCopyrightLAND GRANT MISSIONUF/IFAS LocationsUF/IFASUF/IFAS CALSResearchExtensionFOR AUTHORSInformation for AuthorsEDIS SubmissionsICS Editorial ServicesAbout EDIS Extension Publications‌Site Feedback|© 2023 |UF/IFAS Electronic Data Information System|Sitemap|University of Florida, Institute of Food and Agricultural SciencesP.O. Box 110810 Gainesville, FL 32611|(352) 392-1761|Analytics (Google Privacy Policy)|Policies: Disability Services|UF PrivacyLast Modified: 8/19/2021