Design | Decorating | Kitchens | Bathrooms | Gardens | www.homesandgardens.com Homes and Gardens Homes & Gardens The Best in Design, Decoration and Style GB EditionSelect your regionUKUSAustraliaCanada Subscribe × Search Interior design advice Kitchens Bathrooms Celebrity style Gardens Home Tours What to buy Solved More LATEST Digital Editions Subscribe to Homes & Gardens magazine About Us Sign up to our newsletter Newsletter Homes and Gardens MagazineWhy subscribe?Mother's Day Special: Get a £10 VEX gift card when you subscribe!The best in design, decoration & style in every issueInspiring real homes, expert project advice and on-trend shopping tipsIssues delivered straight to your door or deviceFrom£6View Deal TrendingKEYHOLE GARDENINGPLANTS TO PRUNE IN MARCHLIVING ROOM FURNITURE TRENDSBEST NON-TOXIC AIR FRYERSHOW TO PLANT A SCENTED BORDER 7 organic modern living room ideas that balance comfort and style Create a relaxing scheme with these organic modern living room ideas, courtesy of interior designers What is a vignette? Interior designers explain this artful styling concept – and how to create them Bradley Cooper's bizarre bedroom layout rethinks conventions – and experts say it's a growing luxury trend How to spring clean your house in one day – 6 time-saving tips and mistakes to avoid 7 plants to prune in March – backyard shrubs you should trim this month 10 things a Feng Shui expert wishes you knew – to transform your home for the better Best houseplants with dark foliage – these 7 plants will add a moody accent to your interiors Sign up to the Homes & Gardens newsletterDecor Ideas. Project Inspiration. Expert Advice. Delivered to your inbox.Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsBy submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. House Design Bold colors and pale wood cabinetry redefined this home – here the architect talks through the dramatic transformation Published 26 February 24 Japandi meets farmhouse in this calming, country kitchen renovation – a trending look for 2024 Published 25 February 24 VIEW MORE HOUSE DESIGN Homes & Gardens Experts Cortney Bishop Founder & Principal Designer, Cortney Bishop Design Rayman Boozer Founder & Principal Interior Designer, Apartment 48 Lindye Galloway Founder & CCO of Lindye Galloway Studio + Shop Robin Gannon Founder & Principal Designer, Robin Gannon Interiors Isabel Ladd Founder & Principal Designer, Isabel Ladd Interior Design Christine Lin Founder & Principal Designer, Form + Field Kristen Rivoli Founder & Principal Designer, Kristen Rivoli Interior Design Interior Design 'My goal for the space was to make it feel more traditional' – here's how Shea McGee transformed her modern rustic living room Switching from a modern rustic look to a traditional style, these are the main decor changes interior designer Shea McGee made in her family home living room remodel By Emily Moorman Published 5 March 24 Shea McGee suggests these tablescaping tips if you're looking to master 'Modern Charm' on the dinner table Setting the dinner table may seem simple, but this tablescaping advice from Shea McGee has the potential to bring your hosting experience to a whole new level. Here are the designer's top tips By Abby Wilson Published 5 March 24 VIEW MORE INTERIOR DESIGN Kitchens Kitchen cabinet trends 2024 – the latest style directions for your cupboard fronts Looking for the latest cabinet door designs, colors and details? We’ve locked down the freshest cabinet styles for the year ahead How to make pour-over coffee at home – everything you need to know (and buy) to create the perfect brew We asked baristas, Q-graders, and coffee experts how to make pour-over coffee at home. Here are their tips, tricks, and recommendations By Laura Honey Published 4 March 24 This kitchen has one of the most striking backsplashes we've ever seen – the designers talk us through the space Choose a striking bit of marble to take center stage and let the rest of your kitchen scheme work around it. Roundhouse Design talk to us about the hardworking role of marble in this London kitchen By Holly Ransome Published 4 March 24 How to make the best latte at home, according to expert baristas Baristas explain how to make a latte at home. They cover espresso machines, Nespresso, Keurigs, French presses, milk frothers, and more By Laura Honey Published 3 March 24 deVOL’s creative director says these features are key to creating the brand's iconic transitional style The modern rustic look works wonderfully in a kitchen, and deVOL's Helen Parker is a pro at blending the contrasting styles. Here are some design features she keeps an eye on By Abby Wilson Published 2 March 24 Don't want to hide your range hood? This is how interior designers make range hoods defining features in any kitchen This functional feature doesn't have to bring your design scheme down. Here are eight tips from interior designers who say the range hood deserves to steal the show By Abby Wilson Published 2 March 24 How to make drip coffee at home – baristas spill the beans Coffee experts explain how to make drip coffee at home. Here's everything you need to know (including tips and tricks) for flawless filter coffee By Laura Honey Published 2 March 24 VIEW MORE KITCHENS Bathrooms Would you use red in a bathroom? 5 spaces that will convince you this is the best room to try the on-trend color The unexpected red theory is still gaining traction. With the help of 5 interior design experts, we consider whether the bathroom is the best place to introduce red By Linda Clayton Published 3 March 24 Japandi bathroom ideas – 8 ways to create a nature-inspired, calming sanctuary How can you create a Japandi-style bathroom? We spoke to interior designers to round up their top ideas – from color schemes to lighting ideas for a nature-inspired, tranquil space By Emily Moorman Published 3 March 24 Interior designers say these bathroom floor tile trends will be big in 2024 – and there are a lot of bolder colors From striking patterns to unexpected shapes, these are the seven bathroom floor tile trends designers are loving as of late By Abby Wilson Published 25 February 24 VIEW MORE BATHROOMS Buying Guides The Uplift: our editors pick the best decor to elevate your bookshelves and nail the Bookshelf Wealth aesthetic The Bookshelf Wealth trend is majorly popular right now, and our editors have just the picks to help you stock your shelves with. See our editors’ favorite Bookshelf Wealth decor choices. Best pepper mill 2024 – selected by experts Our expert shoppers found the best pepper mill for every occasion. Whether you're looking for a motorized model or a special set, we have found the best. By Laura Honey Last updated 5 March 24 9 marble decor pieces for a classic look that's never going to date Marble furniture is majorly trending, but these decor pieces will allow you to take part without entirely overloading your home (and your budget) By Nikhita Mahtani Published 4 March 24 Accent chairs are the easiest piece of furniture to help switch around a room – and Wayfair has the perfect collection Wayfair has a new selection of accent chairs that run the gamut from classic to contemporary, and I've perused the collection to show you my favorites By Nikhita Mahtani Published 2 March 24 Best memory foam mattress 2024 − for pressure relief and softer sleep The best memory foam mattresses are soft, yet supportive. I've ranked and reviewed our favorites from Emma, Nectar, Leesa, and more By Emilia Hitching Last updated 1 March 24 Best mattress for side sleepers − tried and tested for pressure relief The best mattress for side sleepers should cushion your shoulders, hips, and knees to ease your aches and pains By Emilia Hitching Last updated 1 March 24 Anthropologie’s new selection of mirrors are simple yet statement pieces that will transform a space in an instant Anthropologie just released their spring mirror collection, and almost every piece makes a statement. See my favorite picks from Anthropologie's spring mirror collection. By Nikhita Mahtani Published 1 March 24 VIEW MORE BUYING GUIDES Gardens Best unusual herbs – 9 herbs to grow for interesting flavor These uncommon herbs will spice up your edibles garden By Tenielle Jordison Published 5 March 24 What are heirloom seeds? We investigate what makes these crops so special Why growing heritage vegetable varieties will give you so much more than just great flavor By Seraphina Di Mizzurati Published 5 March 24 How to grow phlox – expert tips for happy plants and long-lasting flowers Discover all you need to know about these versatile and glorious plants that are perfect for a plethora of locations and styles By Drew Swainston Published 5 March 24 VIEW MORE GARDENS Life & Design When is Easter 2024 – and when is the best time put up Easter decorations? In 2024, Easter Sunday falls on March 31st, but where does that leave your decorating? We look into the traditional timelines Can you use vinegar to kill mold? 5 things experts want you to know Thinking of using vinegar to kill mold? This simple ingredient could be the answer you've been searching for... These are the 5 things you should know By Lola Houlton Last updated 18 January 24 Pro organizers say these are the must-haves for small entryways Non-negotiables for a welcoming and well-ordered entryway, even when tight on space By Millie Hurst Last updated 3 January 24 How to celebrate New Year at home – 11 ways to create the perfect space for entertaining Welcome 2024 in style with these ideas on how to celebrate New Year at home By Pippa Blenkinsop Last updated 27 December 23 Jeremiah Brent shares the Christmas decor he avoids – and he admits they are 'controversial' Expert interior designer Jeremiah Brent shares six things he steers clear of when it comes to decorating for Christmas – and you may think they're controversial By Emily Moorman Published 4 December 23 6 quick and easy ideas to make your holiday decor look more expensive How can you make your Christmas decor look more expensive? Interior designers give their six top ideas, and they're simple to recreate By Emily Moorman Published 2 December 23 How do I transition from fall decor to Christmas? 5 simple tips from interior designers How do you make your fall decor suitable for Christmas without entirely reinventing it? Designers explain some simple ways to make your festive decor transitional By Emily Moorman Published 30 November 23 VIEW MORE LIFE AND DESIGN Useful links Advice How to design a kitchen How to design a bathroom How to design a patio Interior design: advice and tips How to clean a washing machine Pictures Living room ideas Bedroom ideas Kitchen ideas Bathroom ideas Backyard ideas Buying Guides Best mattress Best cordless vacuum cleaners Best pillows Best coffee makers Best blenders Homes and Gardens about us Contact Future's experts Advertise with us Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Careers Homes & Gardens is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.