Google for Developers - from AI and Cloud to Mobile and Web Products Develop Android Chrome ChromeOS Cloud Firebase Flutter Google AI Studio Google Maps Platform Google Workspace TensorFlow YouTube Grow Firebase Google Ads Google Analytics Google Play Search Web Push and Notification APIs Earn AdMob Google Ads API Google Pay Google Play Billing Interactive Media Ads Solutions Events Learn Community Groups Google Developer Groups Google Developer Student Clubs Women Techmakers Google Developer Experts Tech Equity Collective Programs Accelerator Solution Challenge DevFest Stories All Stories Developer Profile Blog English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Products More Solutions Events Learn Community More Developer Profile Blog Develop Android Chrome ChromeOS Cloud Firebase Flutter Google AI Studio Google Maps Platform Google Workspace TensorFlow YouTube Grow Firebase Google Ads Google Analytics Google Play Search Web Push and Notification APIs Earn AdMob Google Ads API Google Pay Google Play Billing Interactive Media Ads Groups Google Developer Groups Google Developer Student Clubs Women Techmakers Google Developer Experts Tech Equity Collective Programs Accelerator Solution Challenge DevFest Stories All Stories Build with Gemini, our largest and most capable AI model. Get an API key. Google for Developers Products Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Build smarter,ship faster Unlock creativity and simplify your workflow with open, integrated solutions. Explore the latest Gemini models in Google AI Studio Android Basics with Compose Learn the basics of building Android apps with Jetpack Compose, the recommended UI toolkit for building Android apps developer.android.com/courses/android-basics-compose/course product:android 06-01-2023 True Top updates Get started with Google Cloud Discover quickstarts, interactive tutorials, technical documentation, videos, and architectural diagrams to help you get started using Google Cloud. Learn Android development essentials The Android developer guides teach you how to build Android apps using APIs in the Android framework and other libraries. Learn the basics of Google Search It's worth learning the basics of managing your presence in search engines. A little knowledge can go a long way toward helping people find your site. Google Maps Platform Create real-world, real-time experiences with the latest Maps, Routes, and Places features from Google Maps Platform. Write your first Flutter app Create a simple mobile app using Flutter, Google's UI toolkit for building beautiful, natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase. Learn the fundamentals of Firebase Get started with a Firebase project, explore best practices, and master additional concepts beyond the basics. Google Cloud products Browse over 100 Google Cloud products. New customers get $300 in free credits to start running workloads and conduct an assessment. Using OAuth 2.0 Learn how web server applications use Google API Client Libraries or Google OAuth 2.0 endpoints to implement OAuth 2.0 authorization to access Google APIs. Android Basics in Kotlin This course teaches people with no programming experience how to build simple Android apps. Learn the fundamentals of programming and the basics of Kotlin. Get started with TensorFlow TensorFlow is an end-to-end open source platform that makes it easy for beginners and experts to create machine learning models. Jetpack Compose basics Jetpack Compose is a modern toolkit designed to simplify UI development. It combines a reactive programming model with the conciseness and ease of use of the Kotlin language. Add structured data to your web pages Google Search works hard to understand the content of a web page. Provide explicit clues about the meaning of a page with structured data. Start building today Android Modern tools to help you build experiences that people love across every Android device. Google Cloud Build apps faster, make smarter business decisions, and connect people everywhere. Google AI Studio Build generative AI applications quickly with Gemini in Google AI Studio. Chrome Modern tools and features that help you build high-quality web experiences. Google Play Grow your business, improve app quality, engage your audience, and earn revenue. Firebase An app development platform that helps you build and grow apps and games users love. Keras Seamless deep learning across TensorFlow, JAX, and PyTorch. TensorFlow An end-to-end platform that makes it easy to build and deploy ML models in any environment. Flutter Build, test, and deploy beautiful web, mobile, desktop and embedded apps from one codebase. Google Ads Promote your website, products, and app to the right users with Google Ads. Kaggle A platform to share machine learning data sets, explore and build models, and compete in competitions. Angular The web development framework for building the future. View all developer products What are you developing for? Select your development focus to find helpful solutions and resources Mobile Develop for a range of audiences and form factors. Get started Web Create fast, secure sites and apps for the open web. Get started AI Bring the power of machine learning to apps and workflows. Get started Cloud Simplify and scale end-to-end development. Get started Trending news Gemma: Introducing new state-of-the-art open models Developed by Google DeepMind and other teams across Google, Gemma is a family of lightweight, state-of-the-art open models built from the same research and technology used to create the Gemini models. Read more Build with Gemini models in Project IDX Project IDX streamlines coding with AI. Get code help, error fixes, and easily integrate AI features using the Gemini API. Learn more Supercharge your apps with Firebase and the Gemini API Use Firebase Extensions with the Gemini API to quickly add new capabilities to your apps. Learn more What's new in Android Android Studio Iguana is now stable Android Studio Iguana is here! Debug faster, build better UIs, and test seamlessly in Android Studio's latest stable release. Download now Find an event Grow your knowledge through online and in-person developer events. View events Improve technical skills Keep up with Google technology. Sharpen skills and master new ones. Start learning Join a community Meet a diverse network, no matter where you are on your developer journey. Explore communities Follow Google for Developers YouTube Subscribe to join a community of creative developers and learn the latest in Google technology. Learn more Instagram Follow and discover developer resources, community events, and inspirational stories. Learn more LinkedIn Join a community of creative developers and learn how to use the latest in technology. Learn more X Join the conversation to discover the latest developer tools, resources, events, and announcements. Learn more Connect Blog Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Programs Women Techmakers Google Developer Groups Google Developer Experts Accelerators Google Developer Student Clubs Developer consoles Google API Console Google Cloud Platform Console Google Play Console Firebase Console Actions on Google Console Cast SDK Developer Console Chrome Web Store Dashboard Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies Sign up for the Google for Developers newsletter Subscribe English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어