Home – Center for Public Integrity Don't miss our inequality investigations Sign up to receive our free Watchdog email newsletter, a weekly roundup from Public Integrity journalists. Email Address Use the unsubscribe link in those emails to opt out at any time. Close Donate Search for: Search DEMOCRACY Open dropdown menu High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Open dropdown menu Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Open dropdown menu Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Open dropdown menu Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Open dropdown menu Mental Health Parity About Us Open dropdown menu Our staff Our donors Contact us Newsletters Open dropdown menu Sign up Watchdog Podcasts Open dropdown menu Integrity Out Loud The Heist Open dropdown menu Season 1 Season 2 Season 3 Data Tools Open dropdown menu The Accountability Project (TAP) Copy, Paste, Legislate Access our resources Archive Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok Close DEMOCRACY High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Mental Health Parity Skip to content About Us Open dropdown menu Our staff Our donors Contact us Newsletters Open dropdown menu Sign up Watchdog Podcasts Open dropdown menu Integrity Out Loud The Heist Open dropdown menu Season 1 Season 2 Season 3 Data Tools Open dropdown menu The Accountability Project (TAP) Copy, Paste, Legislate Access our resources Archive Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok Center for Public Integrity Investigating inequality DEMOCRACY Open dropdown menu High Courts, High Stakes Immigration Who Counts? ECONOMIC WELL-BEING Open dropdown menu Cheated at work Unequal Burden EDUCATION Open dropdown menu Academic Freedom Unhoused and Undercounted Criminalizing kids ENVIRONMENT Open dropdown menu Toxic Labor Ghosts of Polluters Past Harm’s Way HEALTH Open dropdown menu Mental Health Parity Donate Open Search Search for: Search Donate Menu Home Unhoused and Undercounted Amid rise in student homelessness, federal funding set to expire Nearly three years after a one-time windfall to support homeless students, millions remain unspent. WHO WE ARE The Center for Public Integrity is a nonprofit newsroom investigating inequity and holding powerful interests accountable. Readers like you help us tackle inequity and threats to democracy and equip the public to make change. DONATE TODAY JOIN THE DISCUSSION Facebook X LinkedIn Instagram TikTok JOIN OUR TEAM Interested in working at Public Integrity? Read our latest jobs openings and apply. LATEST Who Counts? States ditched an election partnership. Voters will feel the consequences. Immigration When migrant children disappear, many cases remain unsolved Immigration Why are kids from Guatemala coming to Culpeper? Immigration New data shows why the U.S. needs more immigrants Unequal Burden How states can make taxes more equitable INVESTIGATIONS Unequal Burden State tax collectors push struggling people deeper into hardship States across the country resort to punitive policies that make it harder for people to pay off their tax debt, from license suspensions to less help for low-income residents than the IRS. by Maya Srikrishnan and Ashley Clarke High Courts, High Stakes Not just the Supreme Court: Ethics troubles plague state high courts, too North Carolina’s Supreme Court chief justice heard cases despite a conflict of interest. Experts say judicial ethics at state high courts everywhere don’t receive the scrutiny they deserve. by Aaron Mendelson Academic Freedom Attacks on tenure leave college professors eyeing the exits Republican-led efforts to dismantle free-speech protections on college campuses could reshape the geography of higher education. by Matt Krupnick Investigations delivered Want our investigations in your inbox? Subscribe to our Watchdog newsletter. Email Address By submitting your information, you give us permission to email you. You may unsubscribe at any time. Podcast Subscribe on Spotify | Apple Podcasts | Google | Stitcher | Pandora Click transcript to read the trailer transcript. The Heist: Season 3 The third season of the award-winning podcast focuses on the history of government discrimination against Black farmers. ‘Black farmers and ranchers, it’s a dying deal.’ Black farmers and cattle ranchers are a dwindling lot, living on less land and carrying heavier financial burdens than white farmers. The USDA, once part of the problem, wants to turn things around. Why is accurate data about Black farmers so hard to get? The U.S. Department of Agriculture has a history of discrimination. Legislators are pressing it to release more data that could show what progress it’s making. In Oklahoma’s Black Belt, land ownership and power built Black wealth Black folks went West seeking economic independence. That meant land ownership. But racism undid what they built. Can USDA’s efforts on equity help Black farmers overcome ‘toxic debt’? New programs in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that do not rely on racial identification expected to help farmers get out from under their USDA debt. New USDA data shows declining loan delinquency rates Black and Hispanic farmers saw the biggest improvements, but the reasons why aren’t clear. SPECIAL PROJECTS GHOST OF POLLUTERS PAST Lead keeps poisoning children. It doesn’t have to. Eight ways to take action on lead contaminating your community’s soil HARM’S WAY Trapped in harm’s way as climate disasters mount Floods, hurricanes, wildfires: What aid is your county getting to prepare? UNHOUSED & UNDERCOUNTED Homeless-student investigation honored in data journalism contest Proposed law aims to lock in protections for homeless students HIgh Courts, High Stakes America’s state supreme courts don’t look like America ‘Lose the courts, lose the war’: The battle over voting in North Carolina Support our mission Investigative reporting requires resources. We depend on donations like yours. One-time Monthly Annually One-time $120 $240 $1200 Monthly $10 $20 $100 Annually $120 $240 $1200 Your contribution is appreciated. DONATE NOW TOOL KITS Resources for guest workers New data tracks polling place locations for 37 states What you need to know about school policing MEDIA PARTNERS Public Integrity partners with local, regional and national newsrooms across the country. Our collaborations range from storytelling and data analysis to project planning. Iowa polling places are closing due to COVID-19. It could tip races in the swing state. Are we ready for weapons to have a mind of their own? ‘Unintended consequences’: The rubber industry’s toxic legacy in Akron Redistricting will always be contentious. Ask Arizona. The Trump administration’s war on birth control Ripping off workers without consequences Facebook Page Twitter Linkedin Instagram TikTok About Us Sign up for our newsletter Board of Directors Archive Contact Us Public Integrity documents Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Investigating the systems and circumstances that contribute to inequality. Support Us © 2024 Center for Public Integrity. Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy and Terms of Use﻿ Close