Home | Logic(s) Magazine Issues Membership Store Subscribe About Issues Membership Store Subscribe About Call for Funds: Logic(s) Fellowship for Palestinian Journalists! Issue 20 policy: seductions and silences The term “policy” has become so conceptually wedded to the state that when it is spoken, most imagine something akin to what scholar Jasbir Puar calls, in the case of Israel, an “asphyxiatory regime of power.” This dominant idea of policy signals an abandonment of abolitionist politics and an investment in the buttoned-down world of reform, where tepid conversations concede “better training for police” instead of the street’s demand for their destruction. However, as Safiya Noble offers in this issue, we can envision a more capacious policy that is wedded neither to the state nor to the reformist disregard for Black life embodied in Michael Brown’s depiction as “no angel”—or the rendering of Palestinians as “human animals” and India’s Dalits as “untouchables.” What are the guidelines and precepts for A Nation on No Map, as William C. Anderson’s critical text on Black anarchism is titled? How do we conceptualize a set of beliefs to guide us through these “brutal undoings,” to borrow Christina Sharpe’s phrase, without attempting to stabilize liberal notions of citizenship, personhood, or monstrous innocence? Preview Buy In 2023, Logic Magazine was relaunched as Logic(s), the first queer Black and Asian tech magazine. Logic(s) goes beyond mere critique to serve as a beacon of new possibilities—helping to understand how technology has re-ordered people’s lives for better and worse, and where we go from here. We publish three times annually and feature the tremendous imaginative power of those most impacted by technology, but who are rarely brought into the conversation. The first issue of Logic(s) will be released in Spring 2023. Learn more about our next chapter. Our work is made possible with support from Ford Foundation, MacArthur Foundation, Omidyar Network, Columbia University’s INCITE institute, The Logic Foundation, and our many institutional and individual subscribers. Issues Stay tuned for the first issue of Logic(s) which will be released in Spring 2023. policy: seductions and silences 20 supa dupa skies (move slow and heal things) 19 Pivot 18 Home 17 Clouds 16 Beacons 15 Kids 14 Distribution 13 Commons 12 Care 11 Security 10 Nature 09 Bodies 08 China 中国 07 Play 06 Failure 05 Scale 04 Justice 03 Sex 02 Intelligence 01 What's Next? Issue 19: supa dupa skies (move slow and heal things) is expected to arrive in May. We are not currently soliciting pitches. Subscribe Never miss an issue of Logic(s). Subscribe to receive all three issues per year. We're a small magazine, and rely on heavily on subscriptions for predictable revenue. More subscribers means more pieces, and more writers getting paid. Start a subscription Donate Writing and editing is hard work. Please consider donating to help us to continue to pay our contributors, and to keep building a sustainable project that's committed to recognizing and rewarding creative labor. Support us Shop Issues About The mission of Logic(s) is to draw in voices and perspectives that remain outside, underexplored, and essential to thinking critically about technology from below. Issues Issue 1 Intelligence Issue 2 Sex Issue 3 Justice Issue 4 Scale Issue 5 Failure Issue 6 Play Issue 7 China 中国 Issue 8 Bodies Issue 9 Nature Issue 10 Security Issue 11 Care Issue 12 Commons Issue 13 Distribution Issue 14 Kids Issue 15 Beacons Issue 16 Clouds Issue 17 Home Issue 18 Pivot Issue 19 supa dupa skies (move slow and heal things) Issue 20 policy: seductions and silences Books Tech Against Trump The Making of the Tech Worker Movement Blockchain Chicken Farm Subprime Attention Crisis Voices from the Valley What Tech Calls Thinking Logic(s) Magazine Email Us Stay connected with us for news, events, and more.