SOCKS – An online magazine of Art, Architecture, Media, Culture, Sounds, Territories, Technology SOCKSAn online magazine of Art, Architecture, Media, Culture, Sounds, Territories, Technology)Media Art Architecture Culture Sounds Territories Visual Atlas Alain Biltereyst: Traces of Abstraction in the Urban Environment February 4, 2024 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Contemporary Belgian artist Alain Biltereyst works on abstract paintings characterized by bold patterns and colors. Most of the time, the shapes he … [Read more...]H. Wieners and P. Treutleins’ Catalogue of Mathematical Models (19th Century) January 21, 2024 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment After last week's post on Man Ray's photographs of equation models from the Institut Poincaré in Paris, here are four illustrations (plus the cover) … [Read more...]Man Ray, Mathematical Objects (1934-36) January 14, 2024 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment The collection of 19th-century three-dimensional models of algebraic and differential equations at the Institut Henri Poincaré in Paris made a great … [Read more...]The Hidden Territory: USGS’s 1950’s to 1970’s Isometric Geological Diagrams October 15, 2023 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment The online archive of the United States Department of the Interior Geological Survey is a valuable resource filled with detailed three-dimensional … [Read more...]Architectural Narrative: “New York City: The Edge of Enigma” by Francisco Javier Rencoret (1991) April 23, 2023 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment In 1991, Francisco Javier Rencoret, a Chilean architect and then Fulbright scholar at Cornell University, published New York City: The Edge of Enigma, … [Read more...]Matmata: Underground Dwellings for an Extreme Climate March 26, 2023 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment The ancient Berber village of Matmata in South Tunisia, located between the Eastern coast and the desert, is characterised by settlements of dwellings … [Read more...]Carlos Morago. Across the Ordinary Interior January 22, 2023 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Contemporary Spanish painter Carlos Morago depicts realistic interior scenes that are mostly reduced to the bare minimum: light floors and walls and … [Read more...]A Building to Tell the Time: The Toghrol Tower in Rey, Iran (1063) December 11, 2022 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment The Toghrol Tower is a 20 meters high tower located in the city of Rey in Iran made of bricks and Sarooj, a water-resistant mortar. It was erected in … [Read more...]A City in Retreat: Les Devantures by Sandrine Marc (2018) November 7, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment Sandrine Marc is a photographer and artist based in Paris with a specific interest in self-made editions. She investigates urban and suburban … [Read more...]Claude Bragdon: Drawings of the Fourth Dimension (1913-1915) October 23, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment American architect Claude Fayette Bragdon (1866-1946) was also an artist, writer and stage designer. He was based in Rochester, NY where he built his … [Read more...]This Is A Record Cover: Text-based & conceptual album covers. A project by Socks Studio October 16, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment The second album by British new wave band XTC did not feature any images. Instead, a written essay about how buyers are attracted by album covers to … [Read more...]Fragments of an Unknown Civilization: Works by James Lipnickas October 9, 2022 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment James Lipnickas is a New Haven-based artist and graphic designer. He creates highly evocative scenes representing small architectural stages in … [Read more...]The Square and the Circle: The Palace of Charles V in Granada (1527) October 2, 2022 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment The palace of Charles V in Granada was built starting in 1527 as a summer palace for the emperor. The Renaissance building is located inside the … [Read more...]Poetics of the Greenhouse: Works by Bernard Moninot June 12, 2022 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Bernard Moninot is a French multimedia artist. Over the 1970s and the 1980s, he produced a series of drawings, (inks, crayons and acrylics) of … [Read more...]Michelangelo Caetani’s Six Topographic Maps of the Divine Comedy April 24, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment As a follow up to the latest post on Norman Bel Geddes's stage set design for Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy, here we feature the six maps drawn by … [Read more...]Stage Design as a Narrative Device: Norman Bel Geddes’ Stage Set for The Divine Comedy (1921) March 6, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment American stage and industrial designer, director and producer Norman Bel Geddes (1893-1958) worked on a theatrical staging of Dante Alighieri’s The … [Read more...]Madeleine de Boullogne and Louise-Magdeleine Hortemels, Abbey of Port-Royal-des-Champs: Paintings and Engravings February 6, 2022 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment Madeleine de Boullogne, (1646-1710), was a baroque artist born and raised in a family of painters. Extremely pious, she remained unmarried and lived a … [Read more...]Botany as an Artistic Practice: Anna Atkins’ Blueprints December 17, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Anna Atkins (1799-1871) was a British botanist and photographer. She was in direct contact with William Henry Fox Talbot, (the inventor of calotype, … [Read more...]Constructing Knowledge through Geometry: Ramon Llull’s Figures in Ars Magna, 1305 November 3, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Catalan polymath, Ramon Llull was the first person to conceive a device able to externalise the human mind. In his seminal opus, the Ars Magna, Llull … [Read more...]Database, Network, Interface : The Architecture of Information. An exhibition at Archizoom (EPFL), Lausanne, starting September 27th 2021 July 18, 2021 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment We are pleased to announce that we are curating an exhibition that will open in September at the Archizoom Gallery (EPFL) in Lausanne, … [Read more...]Al White, Illustrations for 12th Isle Album Covers July 11, 2021 by Fosco Lucarelli Leave a Comment 12th Isle is a music label founded in 2016 by a collective from Glasgow that has released excellent ambient electronic albums in the last few years, … [Read more...]“No Function, Just Form”: CXEMA by Artem Matyushkin (2020) July 4, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment Artem Matyushkin is a Russian art director and graphic designer based in Moscow and New York. He started his career as a journalist and later found … [Read more...]Energy as Architectural Matter: Oswald Mathias Ungers’ Solar House (1980) June 27, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment In 1980, German architect Oswald Mathias Ungers took part in a competition for a prototypal solar house to develop on a large scale in the community … [Read more...]Living Inside the Earth: the Yaodong, cave buildings in China June 21, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment The Yaodong (窑洞) is a type of architecture developed in the Loess Plateau in the north of China. The name literally means “cave building” and … [Read more...]Linear Analogies: a Selection of Paul Klee’s Black and White Lithographies March 14, 2021 by Mariabruna Fabrizi Leave a Comment In the multiple explorations of form and composition by German-Swiss artist Paul Klee, a special place is occupied by works where the line is the main … [Read more...]1 2 3 … 41 Next Page » Instagram Twitter Facebook Tumblr Socks is a non-linear journey through distant territories of human imagination. About | Visual Atlas | Topics We are Mariabruna Fabrizi and Fosco Lucarelli from Microcities. Ask us anything Instagram Twitter Facebook Tumblr SOCKS is a project by Fosco Lucarelli and Mariabruna Fabrizi of MICROCITIES, Architecture Cityscape, Landscape. Except where otherwise noted, the content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license. Whenever possible we try to attribute content (images, videos, and quotes) to their creators and original sources. Please feel free to write us if you notice misattributions or wish something to be removed. SOCKS is powered by WordPress.