VA.gov Home | Veterans Affairs Skip to Content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know The .gov means it’s official. Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site. The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you're connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and sent securely. Talk to the Veterans Crisis Line now We’re aware that many non-VA pharmacies are impacted by a cybersecurity breach this week. If you have trouble filling a prescription by a VA health care provider or VA-authorized community provider, contact your local VA pharmacy or call our MyVA411 main information line at 800-698-2411 (TTY: 711). Welcome to VA.gov The PACT Act and your VA benefits This new law expands and extends eligibility for care and benefits for Veterans and survivors related to toxic exposures. Learn what the PACT Act means for you Create an account to manage your VA benefits and care in one place — any time, from anywhere. Create account Learn how an account helps you Search Other search tools Find a VA location Find a VA form Find benefit resources and support Top pages Check your claim, decision review, or appeal status Review your payment history File for disability compensation Schedule or manage health appointments Refill or track a prescription Compare GI Bill benefits Get mental health care Review or update your dependents Get reimbursed for travel pay Get your VA medical records VA NEWS VA’s mission to better serve all Building equity and ending harassment for underserved populations. Read the full article about VA’s mission to better serve all More VA news Explore VA benefits and health care Health care Apply for VA health care, find out how to access services, and manage your health and benefits online. Disability File a claim for disability compensation for conditions related to your military service, and manage your benefits over time. Education and training Apply for and manage your GI Bill and other education benefits to help pay for college and training programs. Careers and employment Apply for vocational rehabilitation services, get support for your Veteran-owned small business, and access other career resources. Pension Apply for monthly payments for wartime Veterans and survivors with limited or no income who meet certain age and disability requirements. Housing assistance Find out if you're eligible for a VA-backed home loan. If you have a service-connected disability, see if you qualify for a housing grant to help you live more independently. Life insurance Explore VA life insurance options for Veterans, service members, and families. Manage your policy online, file claims for benefits, and access helpful resources. Burials and memorials Get help planning a burial in a VA national cemetery, order a headstone or other memorial item to honor a Veteran's service, and apply for survivor and dependent benefits. Records Apply for a printed Veteran ID card, get your VA benefit letters and medical records, and learn how to apply for a discharge upgrade. Service member benefits Find out what benefits you may be eligible for during service and which time-sensitive benefits to consider when separating or retiring. Family member benefits Learn about the benefits you may qualify for as a spouse, dependent, or survivor. And find out what you're eligible for as a family member caring for a Veteran with disabilities. VA department information Learn more about the VA departments that manage our benefit and health care programs. Feedback Sign up to get the latest VA updates Email Address Sign up