Google Research - Explore Our Latest Research in Science and AI | Google Research Home Jump to Content Research Research Philosophy Research areas Publications People Resources Outreach Careers Blog Impossible? Let's see. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, or optimizing algorithms, or even exploring epidemiological studies, Google Research strives to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people. Impossible? Let's see. Whether we're shaping the future of sustainability, or optimizing algorithms, or even exploring epidemiological studies, Google Research strives to continuously progress science, advance society, and improve the lives of billions of people. Advancing the state of the art Our teams advance the state of the art through research, systems engineering, and collaboration across Google. We publish hundreds of research papers each year across a wide range of domains, sharing our latest developments in order to collaboratively progress computing and science.Learn more about our philosophy. Watch the film Link to Youtube Video Explore the latest See more blog posts See more publications FEB 14 · BLOG Learning the importance of training data under concept drift FEB 06 · BLOG Graph neural networks in TensorFlow FEB 02 · BLOG A decoder-only foundation model for time-series forecasting FEB 02 · BLOG Intervening on early readouts for mitigating spurious features and simplicity bias JAN 31 · BLOG MobileDiffusion: Rapid text-to-image generation on-device JAN 26 · BLOG Mixed-input matrix multiplication performance optimizations Our research drives real change Med-PaLM 2 Improving our LLM designed for the medical domain See the project Explore the research behind the project Large language models encode clinical knowledge Publication Towards Expert-Level Medical Question Answering with Large Language Models Publication Our latest health AI research updates Article Med-PaLM 2, our expert-level medical LLM Video Project Contrails A cost-effective and scalable way AI is helping to mitigate aviation’s climate impact See the project Explore the research behind the project A human-labeled Landsat-8 contrails dataset Dataset Can Google AI make flying more sustainable? Video Estimates of broadband upwelling irradiance fromm GOES-16 ABI Publication How AI is helping airlines mitigate the climate impact of contrails Blog See our impact across other projects See more projects Open Buildings A dataset of building footprints to support social good applications Project Relate An Android beta app created to help people with non-standard speech make their voices heard Flood Forecasting Using AI to make critical flood forecasting information universally accessible One research paper started it all The research we do today becomes the Google of the future. Google itself began with a research paper, published in 1998, and was the foundation of Google Search. Our ongoing research over the past 25 years has transformed not only the company, but how people are able to interact with the world and its information. See the original publication Responsible research is at the heart of what we do The impact we create from our research has the potential to reach billions of people. That's why everything we do is guided by methodology that is grounded in responsible practices and thorough consideration. See how we're advancing AI play silent looping video pause silent looping video Help us shape the future Academic community We've been working alongside the academic research community since day one. Explore the ways that we collaborate and provide resources and support through a variety of student and faculty programs. See more programs Career opportunities From Accra to Zürich, to our home base in Mountain View, we’re looking for talented scientists, engineers, interns, and more to join our teams not only at Google Research but all research projects across Google. Learn more about careers Explore our other teams and product areas Google AI Google Cloud Google DeepMind Labs Footer links Follow us About Google Google Products Privacy Terms Help