Mount Holyoke College | Mount Holyoke College Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Directory News & Stories Athletics Events Information For Current Students Alums Parents & Families Faculty Staff Five College Students New Students Give Academics Find Your Program STEM at Mount Holyoke The Arts at Mount Holyoke Enhance Your Learning International Learning After Mount Holyoke Academic Centers and Facilities Academic Support and Resources Faculty Mentorship Research Excellence and Opportunity Degrees and Graduation Requirements Faculty Accomplishments Admission & Financial Aid Undergraduate Graduate Visiting or Connecting with Mount Holyoke Inclusive Admission Student Experience Living on Campus Campus Experience Community and Belonging Beyond Campus Athletics Why Mount Holyoke Alum Network and Support At a Glance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Mission and Administration News & Stories Sustainability We Are Mount Holyoke Why a Women's College? Search Mount Holyoke College “At Mount Holyoke, I was affirmed as someone who could hold space for others.” Tara Roberts ’91 2022 Rolex National Geographic Explorer Of The Year Lead with curiosity Discover your purpose Build a lasting community Engage with the world Lead with curiosity Wherever new ideas, important causes and bold action meet, you will find Mount Holyoke students. With keen curiosity and a collaborative spirit, we always seek a better way — from the classroom, laboratory and art studio to the leading edge of industry, innovation and impact. And we use what we’ve learned to make positive, lasting change for ourselves and our communities. Because at Mount Holyoke, we’re inspired to envision and build a better world — together. Why Mount Holyoke? Let's build a better world. Together. Let's build a better world. Together. 80% advanced degrees and career outcomes Within 10 years, nearly 80% of our graduates pursue an advanced degree at a top-level institution. Mount Holyoke alums across the decades pursue rewarding careers in fields ranging from medicine, law and business to communications, finance and consulting. Discover your purpose Here, you will be challenged. To follow your interests and forge your own academic pathway. To think critically, communicate clearly and grow intellectually. To break through barriers and engage across disciplines. To work closely with award-winning faculty — researching, discussing and advancing whole fields of knowledge. And when it’s time to take the next step, you’ll have the resources and support you need to begin your career and make a difference right away. What will you discover? What will you discover? Build a lasting community At Mount Holyoke, we are ourselves, together. We champion every individual for who they are, while coming together as a unified community. We collaborate, we cooperate and we always celebrate each other’s successes. The bonds we build and the friendships we forge at Mount Holyoke last a lifetime — opening opportunities and amplifying the impact we make in the world. Alums leading the way The alum network will be with you for life. The alum network will be with you for life. 39K alums Alums of women’s colleges arguably constitute the most influential professional women’s networks on the globe. Engage with the world Pass through our Gates and you’ll enter an energizing campus filled with beautiful spaces and beloved traditions that foster lifelong connections. Students come from across the globe to build a welcoming, diverse and inclusive community that’s always evolving and expanding. And with a strong network of schools throughout the region and around the world, you’ll have access to incredible opportunities for international learning. Join our global community. Join our global community. 150 study abroad opportunities Programs that give you a powerful personal and intellectual experience Academics Excellence Programs and degrees At Mount Holyoke, a liberal arts education isn’t just about knowledge across diverse disciplines. It’s a way of intentionally connecting people, ideas and solutions to make the world work better. Here, we see the world through a different lens to discover new pathways and find new answers. Through an exploration of the arts, sciences, languages and humanities, we create an understanding of ourselves, our peers and the world around us. Find Your Program Undergraduate Whether your focus is STEM, social sciences, or the arts and humanities, you’ll study with award-winning professors in small classes as you pursue your personalized pathway to an undergraduate degree. Undergraduate Programs The Application Process Students discuss opportunities to get involved with faculty research Students discuss opportunities to get involved with faculty research 9:1 student / faculty ratio Graduate and professional To develop the next generation of groundbreaking educators, Mount Holyoke offers Master of Arts in Teaching programs as well as professional development opportunities. Co-ed programs Graduate Programs Professional and non-degree programs Hear from some of our recent graduate students about the flexibility of our graduate programs. Hear from some of our recent graduate students about the flexibility of our graduate programs. 100+ classes across 3 graduate programs and 10 professional development institutes The Mount Holyoke Experience Why Mount Holyoke? Here, our diverse and inclusive environment empowers you to build bonds and break through barriers like nowhere else. Learn more We are Mount Holyoke Meet some of the incredible people who call our community home. Why a Women's College? Hear from our students why they chose a women’s college that is gender-diverse. Alum network Our alums, who form a large network around the world, share their time, insights and connections. Campus Voices What stories will you tell? Academic Excellence Forging bonds from the start through the Shirley Chisholm Living-Learning Community “I’ve met amazing people that I still look to for friendship, and I’ve also met younger underclassmen whom I feel would definitely do an amazing job of taking over and continuing the legacy.” Qiana Pierre ’23 she/her Arts: Fine and Performing Blending passions for both gender studies and art at Mount Holyoke “I definitely want to stay connected with art, and that’s ultimately where I would love my career to go — working with a museum or within the art field.” Steph Maldonado ’23 they/them Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. Flexing creative muscles in new ways Brigid Mullen ’25 she/her Achieving two goals at Mount Holyoke: working in a research lab and studying abroad Annie Williams ’23 she/her Feeling empowered to organize a mock trial team at Mount Holyoke Klara Grygo ’23 she/her Explore Stories Get to know us For over 180 years, Mount Holyoke has been an extraordinary, collaborative community of people opening new pathways of discovery and forging deep connections with each other. Fast Facts 200+ Distinguished faculty 100% of our classes are taught by faculty. Mount Holyoke professors have won Pulitzer and Guggenheim awards, NASA grants and Carnegie Fellowships. 48 Departmental and interdepartmental majors Biology, politics and psychology are among the top five. Our fastest growing major? Computer science. Our newest? Data science. 23% International student population Students across the globe are drawn to Mount Holyoke because of the powerful living and learning experience the College provides. This diversity provides a uniquely powerful context for global learning in the residence halls, classes and campus life. $750K Lynk internship funding We guarantee a paid internship for every student. In 2020 the College awarded over $750,000 in internship funding to 262 students. 100+ Student-run clubs and organizations There’s something for everyone, from student organizations to student government, class boards and club sports! Traditions and annual events From Convocation to milk and cookies and the Laurel Parade, traditions and annual events bring the community closer together and create memorable moments to last a lifetime. Happening at Mount Holyoke Campus news Go to the previous slide. Go to the next slide. A whole new world The McCulloch Center for Global Initiatives at Mount Holyoke has received a grant to support first-generation and low-income students in obtaining their U.S. passports. Alum First Generation Global Learning Scholarships/Financial Aid Staff Student Study Abroad Inaction on gun violence cannot continue Robert Darrow, visiting faculty in Politics at Mount Holyoke College, has written an editorial decrying the inaction of Congress on gun violence. Activism and Social Justice Faculty Mount Holyoke in the News Worrying about the end of affirmative action According to a recent Gallup poll, how Americans feel about the end of affirmative action in college admissions depends not just on their race but also on their age. Mount Holyoke College President Danielle R. Holley spoke about why. Mount Holyoke in the News President Explore all News Visit Mount Holyoke Request Information Apply 50 College Street South Hadley, MA 01075 USA 413-538-2000 Academics Admission & Financial Aid Student Experience Why Mount Holyoke Giving Directory Events Academic Calendar Athletics Careers Campus Map Consumer Information Connect with Us Instagram Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Non-Discrimination Policy Mount Holyoke College is a women’s college that is gender diverse. The College is committed to providing equal access and opportunity in employment and education to all employees and students. In compliance with state and federal law, Mount Holyoke College does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, genetic information, sex, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, ancestry, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status under federal, state or local law. Copyright © 2021 Trustees of Mount Holyoke College Digital Privacy Statement Terms of Use Land Acknowledgement Statement Accessibility Barriers Form