University Libraries Skip to main content Main Menu Menu for accounts, hours, help, and system status Locations & Hours System Status Get Help Info For Accounts Ask Us Search FAQ Contact a Subject Specialist | General Contacts | Billing Inquiry Chat With Us! Book iconRESEARCH GUIDES Book iconREPORT A PROBLEM Book iconSHARE FEEDBACK Exit Help Information For Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Faculty and Instructors People with Disabilities Visitors Exit Info Tuesday, March 5 Library Hours are subject to change. McKeldin (MAIN) * 24 Hours Architecture 11:00AM - 4:00PM Art 9:00AM - 6:00PM Hornbake 7:00AM - 10:00PM Michelle Smith Performing Arts 9:00AM - 10:00PM Special Collections in Hornbake 10am – 4pm, Appointment Required STEM 8:00AM - 10:00PM Shady Grove Show Hours All libraries All libraries all days * Campus ID required 11pm-8am. Exit Hours Loading systems data... View All Status of Current Library Services green checkmark icon All Systems are Operational Warning icon Issue(s) Exit System Status Accounts My Account (?) View/renew books, media, and equipment ILL Services Account Interlibrary loan requests and PDFs Special Collections Account Archives and special collection requests Exit Accounts Find, Borrow, Request Find Materials Access Online Resources Borrow and Return Request Items for Pick Up or Delivery Request Digital Copies or Duplication Request Onsite Use of Special Collections Suggest a Title for Purchase Course Reserves Interlibrary Loan Visit and Study Our Libraries Find a Space Technology Visit Special Collections Research and Learning Meet Your Subject Specialist Research Services Events & Workshops Teaching and Instruction Open Scholarship Services Data Services Collections Collections Overview Digital Collections and Repositories Government Information Special Collections University Archives About Overview Contact Us Our Organization Strategic Goals and Initiatives Collaborations and Innovations Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility Careers Awards Support the Libraries Policies and Safety News Events and Workshops Locations & Hours Tuesday, March 5 Library Hours are subject to change. McKeldin (MAIN) * 24 Hours Architecture 11:00AM - 4:00PM Art 9:00AM - 6:00PM Hornbake 7:00AM - 10:00PM Michelle Smith Performing Arts 9:00AM - 10:00PM Special Collections in Hornbake 10am – 4pm, Appointment Required STEM 8:00AM - 10:00PM Shady Grove Show Hours All libraries All libraries all days * Campus ID required 11pm-8am. Systems Status Loading systems data... View All Status of Current Library Services green checkmark icon All Systems are Operational Warning icon Issue(s) Get Help Ask Us Search FAQ Contact a Subject Specialist | General Contacts Chat With Us! Book iconRESEARCH GUIDES Book iconREPORT A PROBLEM Book iconSHARE FEEDBACK Info For Main navigation Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Faculty and Instructors People with Disabilities Visitors My Accounts Accounts My Account View/renew books, media, and equipment ILL Services Account Interlibrary loan requests and PDFs Special Collections Account Archives and special collection requests UMD Libraries Search What does this search? All WorldCat UMD Classic Catalog Website Access Search All Access Advanced Search Access Classic Catalog Access Website Search WorldCat UMD and Classic Catalog will be upgraded to a new search experience coming May 28th. Learn more. DATABASES JOURNALS RESEARCH GUIDES FAQs Feedback Featured Services & Resources Collaborative Work SpacesStudy with friends in our group study rooms.Learn more. Long-term Equipment LoanBorrow laptops and other equipment longterm.Borrow now. Request Library MaterialsReserve items through the University Libraries or Interlibrary LoanMake a request. Interlibrary LoanYou can request materials from other libraries and have them delivered here.Learn more. News & Events view all library news | events March 04, 2024 UMD Government Information Librarian Celina McDonald awarded 2024 Bernadine Abbott Hoduski Founders AwardMcDonald was recognized for significant contributions to the field of government documents librarianship. February 29, 2024 Three UMD librarians among inaugural cohort of Provost’s Do Good Innovator AwardeesEmily Deinert, Rachel Gammons, and Brynne Norton recognized for passionate, purpose-drive work with social impact February 28, 2024 Celebrate the Leap from Black History Month to Women’s History Month with these 29 Books by Black Women AuthorsMeet UMD Libraries at the crossroads of Black History Month and Women’s History Month with these titles curated to mark the Leap Year. February 19, 2024 UMD Libraries announces go-live date for migration to new library search platformNew system to go live May 28, 2024 Mar 5 — 9:00AM AR Sandbox: March Topography Competition Mar 5 — 12:00PM Common Quandaries and the Graduate School Writing Center Spring Series: Reading and Note Taking for the Literature Review Mar 6 — 9:00AM AR Sandbox: March Topography Competition Featured Collections PowerPoint PowerPoint was the first and only live program to focus attention on issues and information of concern to African American listeners using the popular interactive, call-in format. The show, based in Atlanta, aired weekly on Sunday evenings and was on the air for seven years. PowerPoint Student Activism The University Archives collect and care for numerous collections that reflect the efforts of UMD students to challenge and change the status quo. A new gallery exhibition, Rising Up: 100 Years of Student Activism For Justice and Civil Rights at the University of Maryland, shares this history with you. Student Activism Collections Off Our Backs Recently explored by a group of students who created their own podcast about “forgotten feminists”, Off Our Backs is a feminist news journal that pushed boundaries and shared resources for decades. Student Podcast McKeldin Library, 7649 Library Lane, College Park, MD 20742-7011 (301) 405-0800 | Ask a Librarian Visit our Twitter Visit our Facebook Visit our Instagram Visit our Youtube Our Libraries McKeldin Library (Main) Architecture Library Art Library Hornbake Library Michelle Smith Performing Arts Library Priddy Library (Universities at Shady Grove) Severn Library STEM Library Library Hours Our Community Share Feedback Support the Libraries Contact a Subject Specialist Libraries' Directory Land Acknowledgement Careers Ask a Librarian Make a Gift Give Now Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Ⓒ 2024 UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND Back to Top Chat With Us! offline