Home | The High Line Skip to content Search Event Calendar Search Visit Photos Donate Events Visit Visitor Info Eat & Drink Groups FAQ Events Art Gardens Programs Learning Educational Partnerships Families Teens Community Neighbors Council Public Space Alliance High Line Network Support Donate Join Adopt an Insect Adopt a Plant High Line Council Benefit Events Corporate Support More Ways to Give Volunteers Photos Videos About Overview History Design Sustainable Practices Venue Rentals Leadership Careers Blog DONATE Contact Us Careers Construction RFPs Blog Venue Rentals Press Room Film & Photo Shoots Videos FAQ Mobile Menu Email Please enter a valid email address! Thanks for signing up, we'll be in touch soon! Facebook Twitter Instagram Submit Close Search Close Alert Express toyour inbox Sign up for the High Line newsletter for the latest updates, stories, events & more. Submit Please enter a valid email address! Thanks for signing up, we'll be in touch soon! Plan your visit The High Line is open daily from 7am to 8pm Learn more Meet the bundled-up birds of NYC Learn about winter birds in the park Now open: High Line – Moynihan Connector This new path safely links transit hubs and the West Side Learn more Unearth the High Line’s history Discover what happened in 1933 The Moynihan Connector is now open! Learn more Join a free tour Offered Wednesdays & Saturdays ART Curtain Call is now on view See the new artwork by Karon Davis at 23rd Street Learn more Growing together Thriving plants & budding careers. Meet High Line Teen Mia & horticulture supervisor Yvette. Read their story Elevator updates Check the current status of elevators in the park Learn more You keep the High Line going The High Line is almost entirely supported by people like you. As a nonprofit, we need your support to keep this public space free—and extraordinary—for everyone. Donate today Featured Gardens 5 more reasons to love native trees 5 more reasons to love native trees Trees—particularly native trees—have an integral role to play in the High Line’s gardens. Learn more Art A different kind of arts education experience A different kind of arts education experience Learn about a new collaborative artwork by artist Azikiwe Mohammed and students at Quest to Learn Middle School. Learn more General Protecting the magic of monarch butterflies Protecting the magic of monarch butterflies These charismatic butterflies rely on native milkweed plants that are found on the High Line. Learn more Please enter a valid email address! Thanks for signing up, we'll be in touch soon! Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Careers Construction RFPs Blog Venue Rentals Press Room Film & Photo Shoots Videos FAQ Friends of the High Line raises nearly 100% of the High Line’s annual budget. Owned by the City of New York, the High Line is a public park programmed, maintained, and operated by Friends of the High Line, in partnership with the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation. Visit Visitor Info Eat & Drink Elevator Status Groups Event Calendar & Tours Art Gardens Programs Learning Educational Partnerships Families Teens 2022 Photos Videos Community Neighbors Council Public Space Alliance High Line Network Support Donate Join Adopt an Insect Adopt a Plant High Line Council Benefit Events Corporate Support More Ways to Give Volunteers About Overview Design Sustainable Practices Venue Rentals Careers History Leadership Blog © 2000 - 2024 Friends of the High Line The Diller – von Furstenberg Building 820 Washington Street 820 Washington Street New York, NY 10014 New York, NY 10014 Privacy Policy Donor Privacy Policy Terms of Use