Form Builder | Create Free Online Forms - Zoho Forms Efficient form creation with a powerful form builder Build powerful forms for free, share them online, receive instant alerts, and efficiently manage your data with our integrated apps. Focus on your business while Zoho Forms handles the data collection process for you!Sign up for freeGet started with free online forms. buildCreate visually appealing forms with a no-code online form builderOur feature-rich, free online form builder helps you create beautiful, functional forms using customizable themes, situation-specific templates, and a dynamic and simple user interface. Our form builder comes with free and paid fields that can be used to build online forms that suit all your needs. Choose from among these 30+ field types to make queries, accept feedback, collect orders and do much more.Explore form creator software shareCollect data from a range of sourcesEmbed secure online forms in webpages for enhanced engagement with your website visitors. Share links on social media or with a target audience through email campaigns. Reach a wide audience or keep your forms private within a closed organization.Explore form sharing options NotifyStay informed with instant notificationsTrigger conditional email or SMS notifications whenever a new record is submitted or updated. You can include attachments to help keep all stakeholders in the loop. Receive instant updates on chat platforms for enhanced team collaboration. Learn more about form notifications AnalyzeView, analyze, and optimize dataSort and view form entries, export them as spreadsheets, or send the data to your preferred apps. With our free online form creator, you can employ UTM tracking and form analytics, and measure and optimize your form’s performance for better conversions.View form analytics in detail Send data to your favorite appswith form integrationsWith seamless integrations, Zoho Forms is a reliable front-end data collection system that works with various applications to fuel all kinds of businesses. Zoho sheet Zoho CRM salesforce Zoho sign Zoho campaigns Zoho Projects Google Sheet Zoho desk zapier Zoho writer Build forms on the goAll the functionalities of our online form builder are now accessible on any device. The Zoho Forms app is a free tool, available on both iOS and Android, that helps you create forms online as well as offline. This powerful form builder software helps you consolidate data and collaborate with your team—even when you're on the move. Learn more New success stories every day "We've converted several paper-based processes from paper to online — all thanks to Zoho Forms! Most of our customers ask, "Can we do this online?" Zoho Forms was our answer to them."Conan PowerInformation Systems Analyst, Waterford City Council"Our company needed a tool like Zoho Forms to help generate leads. Easy embedding of forms onto our website and seamless tracking using the Adwords integration made Zoho Forms the perfect fit for our business."Raghav SomaniCEO, Headphone Zone"Zoho Forms makes collecting and managing data incredibly simple. It saves a lot of time and is worth every penny."Aswini SrinivasanCo-founder, 80 Degrees East"The mobile apps are very quick and user friendly. Everything is electronic. Zoho Forms is amazing for staying organized — from event organization to vendor management. Everyone's happy!"Trey DillerCo-founder, Inspire Productions LLC"We used to go back and forth, sending and signing paperwork. Now, enrollment is almost instantaneous. The signing process happens via an online enrollment form and the merged PDF is sent as an email—it's never been so simple!"Shannon Marie Baker Owner, Alabama Church School"Keeping Digital India in mind, Zoho Forms is playing a prominent role. It's an extraordinary concept that offers good service and a one stop solution for any requirement."Nanda Kishore Financial Analyst, Paradise Food Court "Zoho Forms drives everything we do, from following up with clients and prospects, to keeping detailed notes on all of our activity. It's fantastic and easy to use!"John Whaling Team Member, Bernard Health"Zoho Forms made our everyday tasks smoother with its easy-to-use UI and brilliant form customization options. It's fun to work with and has become an integral part of our business."Pranesh Padmanabhan CEO, Studio 31. Collaborate and automateSet up an approval hierarchy and automate task assignment. Bring your team on board to review, edit, and collaborate on data.Learn more Seal the dealMerge form responses with a custom document template to draft contracts and legal documents. Set up an e-sign workflow and get your documents signed digitally.Learn more Prioritize your privacyWe are constantly evolving to adhere to strict regulations, including GDPR, to fulfill our longstanding commitment to your privacy.Learn moreWhat is a form?A form is a printed or electronic document used for data collection. A form contains numerous spaces or "fields" in which one can write or enter data. Sharing forms is a user-friendly approach to conducting surveys, collecting information, taking orders, and more.What is an online data collection form?An online form is a paperless data collection tool. You can avoid the hassle of paper or printed forms with the help of this eco-friendly alternative. By using an online data collection form, you can significantly reduce the risk of human error during the data collection process and automate multiple workflows. Zoho Forms is a free tool to create online forms.What is a form builder?A form builder is an online platform, which is used for form creation. Nowadays, online form builder apps can be accessed through any device, including your mobile phone. Zoho Forms is a software solution and mobile app that can be used to create forms for free. You can make forms for all your data collection needs with the help of the Zoho Forms app.What types of forms can I create?Online forms can be customized for different purposes. Zoho Forms offers two formats: Standard and Card forms. Standard forms display a list of fields to be filled in. They can be used for bookings, course applications, online orders, and more. ‌The newly-introduced Card form is a fluid, one field-per-page form model. Card forms are designed to be easy to scan and complete, and may be used for feedback, surveys, and order requests. Zoho Forms offers a range of form templates for different purposes.Card formsBusiness formsLead generation formsEcommerce formsHow can I choose the best online form builder?The best form builder for you depends on your list of requirements. Zoho Forms offers you a range of free and paid dynamic features that you can use to build and share forms, automate multiple back-end workflows, and run your business smoothly. Our updated theme builder ensures that your forms are clear and streamlined, without compromising on aesthetic appeal.Email notificationsTheme builderPayments FeaturePDF builderDocument mergeSubformHow do I create online forms using Zoho Forms?You can create forms using the Zoho Forms online form builder or with the free Forms mobile app. Take a look at our step-by-step guide to creating streamlined forms without coding here.Is Zoho Forms a free form builder?Yes, Zoho Forms offers a free plan that allows you to design, build, and share forms for free online. With the free plan, you can create a variety of forms, like contact forms, surveys, and registration forms. You have access to advanced features, like skip logic and rules, and integrations with other Zoho applications or third-party services. The plan supports a range of payment integrations, including PayPal, Stripe, and 2Checkout. While there are limitations on form submissions and storage, the free plan is a great starting point for creating and managing basic forms at no cost—and it's much more cost effective than any other online form builder. You can also create forms using our free mobile forms app. Free online forms Zoho Forms mobile appRated as your best online form builder software ★★★★★4.5 / 5 ★★★★★4.4 / 5 ★★★★★4.4 / 5 ★★★★★4 / 5 Keep your business in form.sign up for free