USC Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences Skip to Content Open Site Navigation / Menu Search What are you looking for? What you're looking for Submit Suggested Search Commencement News and Events Public Exchange Info For Current Students Faculty Staff Directories Faculty Directory Staff Directory Alumni Giving USC.edu The Dornsife Difference Back The Academy in the Public Square Beyond the laboratories, research centers and classrooms, USC Dornsife serves as a dynamic intellectual resource that is woven into the fabric of our communities. A Vibrant Mosaic Back Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging Life in L.A. Our Students About Us Back Our Leadership Dornsife at a Glance Dana and David Dornsife Research Back The Future of Scholarship Back Faculty Awards & Honors News Briefs Research Centers and Institutes Signature Research Initiatives Back The Art + Science of Human Wellbeing Sustainability: Human Factors Faculty-Led Research Initiative Public Exchange Facilities Undergraduate Back Undergraduate Education Back Your Dornsife Degree General Education Program Special Programs Undergraduate Research Academic Advising and Support Majors and Minors Academic Scholarships Learning in the World Preparing for Your Future Back Career Pathways Graduate and Professional Back PhD Studies Back PhD Programs PhD Academy Master’s & Professional Studies Back Master’s & Professional Programs Admission & Aid Back Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Departments, Centers, & Institutes Back Departments, Centers, & Institutes Academic Departments Back Academic Departments HUMANITIES American Studies and Ethnicity Archaeology Art History Classics Comparative Literature East Asian Languages and Cultures East Asian Studies Center English French and Italian Gender and Sexuality Studies Jewish Studies Latin American and Iberian Cultures Philosophy Religion Slavic Languages and Literatures Writing Program NATURAL SCIENCES Biological Sciences Chemistry Earth Sciences Environmental Studies Mathematics Neuroscience Physics and Astronomy Psychology Quantitative and Computational Biology SOCIAL SCIENCES Anthropology Economics History Linguistics Middle East Studies Political Science and International Relations Sociology Spatial Sciences Institute Centers & Institutes Back Centers & Institutes CULTURE & SOCIETY Archaeology Research Center Casden Institute for the Study of the Jewish Role in American Life Center for Advanced Genocide Research Center for Diversity and Democracy Center for Ethnographic Media Arts Center for Feminist Research Center for Islamic Thought, Culture and Practice Center for Latinx and Latin American Studies Center for Law and Philosophy Center for Law, History and Culture Center for Religion and Civic Culture Center for the Premodern World Center for Transpacific Studies Conceptual Foundation of Conflict Project Consortium on Gender, Sexuality & Race in Popular Culture East Asian Studies Center Equity Research Institute Francophone Research and Resource Center Huntington-USC Institute on California and the West Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies Institute of Armenian Studies Korean Studies Institute Los Angeles Institute for the Humanities Max Kade Institute for Austrian-German-Swiss Studies Mind and Society Center Shinso Ito Center for Japanese Religions and Culture The West on Fire USC-Huntington Early Modern Studies Institute GLOBAL SYSTEMS Alice, George and Harold Kachigian Center for Active Learning in International Studies Center for Applied Financial Economics Center for Economic and Social Research Center for International Studies Center for the Political Future Center on Science, Technology, and Public Life Spatial Sciences Institute Unruh Institute of Politics USC Wrigley Institute for Environment and Sustainability LANGUAGE & CREATIVITY American Language Institute Center for Languages and Cultures Levan Institute for the Humanities Visual Studies Research Institute Writing Center LIFE SCIENCES Brain and Creativity Institute Bridge Institute Center for Music, Brain and Society Center for New Technologies in Drug Discovery and Development Center for Peptide and Protein Engineering Center for Self-Report Science Center for the Changing Family Center for Synthetic Living Systems Convergent Science Institute in Cancer Dana and David Dornsife Cognitive Neuroimaging Center New Microbes For New Beneficial Natural Products Psychology Services Center Translational Imaging Center USC Sea Grant PHYSICAL SCIENCES Agilent Center of Excellence in Biomolecular Characterization Center for Applied Mathematical Sciences Center for Quantum Information and Science Technology Center of Excellence in Molecular Characterization Center of Excellence in NanoBiophysics Core Center of Excellence in Nano Imaging Loker Hydrocarbon Research Institute Southern California Earthquake Center The Plastics Problem The Urban Critical Zone Explore All Browse all of our departments, programs, centers, and institutes Pause Background Video Play Background Video Stand Out Research Spotlight Sustainability: Human Factors RESEARCH SPOTLIGHT Effective technology is available to move the needle on sustainability. The challenge is to implement these solutions quickly and at scale. That’s why USC Dornsife is thinking differently. Our researchers explore how to overcome the economic, political, and psychological challenges that stand in the way of a sustainable future. Read More Health Is Social Media Scrambling Our Sanity? Scholars explain why social media is so all-consuming, and how we can help break the habit. Read More Celebrating the Class of 2024 Find everything you need to know about USC Dornsife Commencement Ceremonies on Friday, May 10, 2024. Details USC Dornsife News Curiosity at Work Two USC Dornsife scientists elected senior members of the National Academy of Inventors Microbes in oil spills could shed light on ecosystem recovery Are bugs bugging humans or the other way around? Study reveals surprises Pandemic-driven exodus from L.A. slows to a crawl, consumer confidence among Angelenos improves Fueling dreams: USC Dornsife and Hyundai propel young minds into futures in science Unconventional cancer research consortium created with $3.2M grant from US Department of Defense How researchers are “CReATiNG” synthetic chromosomes faster and cheaper Eco Film & Media Arts Festival, Urban Trees Initiative receive national sustainability accolades USC Dornsife’s Public Exchange launches practice to tackle health and well-being challenges Could a simple blood test detect cancer? $50 million gift commitment establishes The Ronald and Leslie Sherwin Initiative for environmental protection at USC Dornsife Stand Out, Together At USC Dornsife you’ll study the things you love the most. You’ll explore ideas that you’ve never thought about before. You’ll learn how to make sense of the world from all different angles. And, as part of our community, you will help to define a dynamic academic environment focused on improving lives and the world around us. Meet the Students USC Dornsife students demonstrate an impressive combination of academic excellence, accomplishment, creativity, and hard work. Each and every student is hand-selected because they bring something special and unique to our community. Discover what makes our USC Dornsife community strong A Brighter Future Isabella Pangilinan Environmental Studies major The Power of “And” Joshua Senior Biological Sciences major, East Asian Languages and Cultures minor A Trojan Family Like No Other Victoria Quon-Chow Human Biology major, Nutrition and Health Promotion minor A Brighter Future Isabella Pangilinan Environmental Studies major USC Dornsife student Isabella Pangilinan is passionate about finding solutions to some of our world’s most pressing challenges like climate change and social and economic inequity. The multidisciplinary courses offered through her major are preparing her for a career in environmental law. The Power of “And” Joshua Senior Biological Sciences major, East Asian Languages and Cultures minor USC Dornsife student Joshua Senior is studying to become a neurosurgeon. He explains how his liberal arts education at USC Dornsife prepares him for his career goals – and for life. A Trojan Family Like No Other Victoria Quon-Chow Human Biology major, Nutrition and Health Promotion minor As a student at USC Dornsife, Victoria Quon-Chow is bouyed by the support of the Trojan Family as she prepares to become a doctor. Public Exchange Unprecedented Access to Academic Expertise Public Exchange fast-tracks collaboration between academic researchers and the public and private sectors to define, analyze, and solve complex problems that organizations face. Through our first-of-kind model, we amplify social impact by making academic expertise more easily accessible than ever before. Partner with Public Exchange “Public Exchange provides the connective tissue that not only identifies appropriate expertise within the university to solve a particular problem, but it takes care of the contracts, project management, and other hurdles that have traditionally made collaboration with researchers challenging.” Dean Amber D. Miller A New Model Learn how Public Exchange tracks food security in L.A. County Stand Out With Purpose Life in L.A. Experiential Learning Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, & Belonging News and Events @USCDornsife Congratulations to professors Surya Prakash and Peter Kuhn! Honors of “Distinguished Professor” and “University Professor” are presented each year to a small number of outstanding faculty members whose accomplishments have brought USC special renown. ➡️ View on X @USCDornsife “It’s not a hopeful book… It’s deeply critical of business as usual.” #DunePart2 is hitting theaters, but don’t go in blind: Hear from a USC Dornsife expert on the novel that inspired the film. View on X A fascination with history has this alumna digging up roots A PhD in history from USC Dornsife — and a boost from the Trojan Family — led Christina Copland to a career as a genealogist at Ancestry.com. Mar 05 USC Votes USC Votes offers the university community a place register to vote, find polling locations, get reminders and info on key dates, and track your ballot for the March 5 California Primary election. @USCDornsife How do we connect cats and earth sciences? The Bering Land Bridge, that’s how. Watch the video to learn more! #lifefindsaway #USCdornsife #earthsciences #USC #USCtrojans #cats #catfacts #funfacts View on Instagram Academics Majors and Minors Undergraduate Education Master’s & Professional Studies PhD Studies Directories & Maps Our Faculty Our Staff Social Media Directory Campus Maps Access & Support Dornsife Technology Services MyDornsife 365 Web USC Zoom Trojan Family Alumni Relations USC Dornsife Magazine Dornsife Dialogues Commencement Career Pathways Dornsife at a Glance Contact Us Privacy Digital Accessibility Emergency Information Notice of Non-Discrimination Copyright © 2024 University of Southern California