VG247 Trending Anime Last Stand codes Monopoly Go Dice Links EAFC 24 Wonderkids Baldur's Gate 3 Walkthrough Roblox game codes Whiteout Survival codes News Reviews Articles Guides Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Baldur's Gate III Diablo IV Palworld Deals Sign in / Create account Support us Buy our merch Buy eShop codes Home For you GAAS-LIGHTING What's the best live service game, and why is everyone mad at Jim? As if "always online" is a selling point for entertainment. I'm always online! Let me log off! Jim Trinca 5 hours ago COCO'S CHANNEL Nuts to Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth and Demon's Souls, Activision mastered the remake five years ago You may not like it, but Crash Team Racing Nitro-Fueled is what peak remake performance looks like. Scott McCrae 4 hours ago IT'S CRYSTAL CLEAR Without Final Fantasy 15, we wouldn't have Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth The Final Fantasy 15 defender has logged on once more. Oisin Kuhnke 5 hours ago RESPECT THE LAW The Outlast Trials – review: SAW, MKUltra, and sheer shock value combine to make Outlast as horrifying as ever The Outlast Trials takes Saw's death traps and combines them with illegal government experiments in a shocking first foray into multiplayer for the series. Kelsey Raynor 1 day ago SPICE, SPICE BABY Dune Awakening preview: A lot spicier than just Rust with worms We got to see Dune Awakening a little early, and came away thirsty for more. Connor Makar 1 day ago COMING OUT SWINGING Madame Web was "definitely an experience" for Dakota Johnson The actress shares her reactions to our reactions. Oisin Kuhnke 4 hours ago Sponsored Two Idiots Build a PC – sponsored by NVIDIA and PC Specialist It’s easier than ever to build a superb RTX-enabled gaming rig, but someone always finds a hard way. Sponsored 4 days ago WAHEY Get in there, Helldivers 2's mechs are officially confirmed to be on the way "soon" Mark Warren 4 hours ago SING YOUR HEART OUT Break out the peaches, Jack Black will be singing in the Minecraft movie Oisin Kuhnke 5 hours ago STEVE SAVED Good news, EA FC 24's latest update finally stops your beloved 'Steve from the chippy' from being erased Mark Warren 5 hours ago BONK, BONK, BONK Helldivers 2 player has notched 116 gun butt bash kills so far, and they won't stop until melee weapons arrive Mark Warren 7 hours ago BAFTA SEASON The BAFTAs announce banger-packed players choice awards nominees including Baldur's Gate 3, and Lethal Company Connor Makar 9 hours ago BITE-SIZED Across the Spider-Verse's most important plot point came from one of Spider-Man's most prolific writers Oisin Kuhnke 9 hours ago MAN IN THE MIRROR Why can GTA San Andreas' glitchy mirrors have characters reach out of them? It's not because of an underworld Mark Warren 9 hours ago Psst! Explore our new "For you" section and get personalised recommendations about what to read. Explore "For you" Latest Articles Critically acclaimed roguelike Hades descends onto Netflix Games for iOS on March 19 Get out of Hell alive. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson an hour ago LUCKY NUMBER 7 March madness hits Game Pass with MLB The Show 24, Lightyear Frontier, Control Ultimate Edition, and four more titles Spring forward with seven new games. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 3 hours ago 1 MONDAYS The latest Garfield Movie trailer made me feel nothing Not even an internal chuckle. Oisin Kuhnke 10 hours ago 1 DOUBLE DUTY Mark your calendar! More Dragons Dogma 2, Street Fighter 6, and Monster Hunter news is coming this March On March 7 and March 11, Capcom Highlights will be packing updates for some of the company's biggest upcoming games. Connor Makar 10 hours ago SWITCHED OFF Switch emulator Yuzu to cease being a thing, as creator agrees to pay Nintendo $2.4 million and slams piracy The lawsuit’s been settled, and it took less than a week. Mark Warren 11 hours ago DRAGGING ON House of the Dragon season 2 finally has a release window, but HBO still won't say exactly when Keep your secrets. Oisin Kuhnke 11 hours ago INVERSE Helldivers 2 has done something most other games couldn't, and they'd kill for it Helldivers 2 is a very popular game, but it's how it achieved this popularity that is turning heads in the industry. Sherif Saed 12 hours ago I'M READY You can soon get an Xbox Series X that looks like SpongeBob - if you can afford it That is quite the price tag. Oisin Kuhnke 1 day ago 2 MASTER GOOD GRIEF Ex-Halo composer goes into politics, of course his campaign site looks like a rejected sci-fi main menu design “I never wanted to be a politician and I still don’t,” says the man announcing that he's becoming a politician. Mark Warren 1 day ago 3 TAKE THE FALL Greedfall 2 is getting an early access release, but you might want to wait for the full thing Early access isn't for everyone, after all. Oisin Kuhnke 1 day ago 1 Deals We may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy. PS5 stock: latest updates on where to buy the PlayStation 5 Here's all the retailers that currently have Sony's next-gen console in stock. 4 hours ago 428 Best Xbox deals for March 2024 The best deals on Xbox Series X/S, Xbox games, Game Pass, accessories and more. 4 hours ago 4 Best PS4 game deals in March 2024 Continue building your PlayStation 4 game library for even cheaper. 1 day ago See more Deals GET IN THERE Oh god, Nioh's weapon stances are reborn in Rise of the Ronin's combat styles These Rise of the Ronin combat styles very much look like Nioh's stances. You're not fooling anyone, Team Ninja! Sherif Saed 1 day ago 2 PAY 2 DAY As Playday 3 players flock to its predecessor, its latest patch promises over 300 fixes Plus, a small look at what's next. Oisin Kuhnke 1 day ago SHADOWY SECRETS Elden Ring loreheads think Miyazaki might have been teasing its DLC's setting as early as 2021's network test Just how long might FromSoft have been telling us a trip to the Land of Shadow is on the cards for the Tarnished? Mark Warren 1 day ago HOME SWEET HOME The cult classic film that inspired Resident Evil is finally available to watch for free Where it all started. Oisin Kuhnke 1 day ago INFINITE WAHOOS Play Super Mario 64 forever with this cool looking, fan-made mod Mario for life. Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago 2 TACTICAL Respawn's Mandalorian game might be cancelled, but EA's Star Wars strategy game is still on the way Some good news amongst the wave of layoffs. Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago PATCHING THINGS UP Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth's director knows about the performance mode issues, promises a patch is coming soon You could always play in graphics mode for the time being? Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago 2 YOU'RE JOKING Suicide Squad slows down on its next patch as it prepares for the arrival of the Joker and season 1 Sorry to those hoping for some frustrating bug fixes. Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago 1 TWISTING PATH Octopath Traveler has been delisted from the Nintendo eShop, but you probably don't need to worry The game is still available on other digital storefronts. Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago 1 CLOSE ENOUGH Fallout 5 might be closer, and more live action, than you thought Depending on how you look at it, anyway. Oisin Kuhnke 2 days ago 2 Reviews RESPECT THE LAW The Outlast Trials – review: SAW, MKUltra, and sheer shock value combine to make Outlast as horrifying as ever The Outlast Trials takes Saw's death traps and combines them with illegal government experiments in a shocking first foray into multiplayer for the series. Kelsey Raynor 1 day ago TEMPLE OF VROOM Expeditions: A MudRunner Game review – Raiders of the Lost 'Arrgh, I’ve rolled it again' Saber Interactive is back with another off-roading sim that’ll force you to face the consequences of your own stupidity. Mark Warren 5 days ago BRAND SYNERGY Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth review: Ambitious, joyous, and bursting with an energy FF hasn’t had since the 90s For better and worse alike, Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth is the most impressively ambitious game Square has made since FF’s golden age. It’s glorious, in spite of painful little flaws. Alex Donaldson 1 week ago 8 See more Reviews PRIME FUN Fallout 2, Scarf, Bus Simulator 21: Next Stop and plenty more can be yours with Prime Gaming's March update Eight more freebies to add to your collection. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 2 days ago BECOME A HERO Vindictus: Defying Fate public pre-Alpha test arrives soon, offering a glimpse into Nexon's upcoming medieval fantasy adventure Face towering adversaries in a dark odyssey teeming with mystery and danger. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 2 days ago SMILE FOR THE CAMERA Say cheese: Starfield beta update adds expressions to Photo Mode, QoL improvements, bug fixes, and hits Steam next week Show off those pearly whites! Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 2 days ago PLAYTIME! What are you playing this weekend? Hello, weekend. Nice to see you. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 2 days ago 5 GETTING SAUCER-Y Don't use a guide for Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth’s dating choices – it's better if you revel in the joy of the unknown Play the game blind, and experience the thrill of authentic romance in FFVII Rebirth. Aerith, Tifa – and even Barret – will thank you for it. Alex Donaldson 3 days ago BEEN AROUND THE BEND Netflix's Avatar is a failure because it doesn't understand why animation even works There's just a lot that animation can do that live-action can't. Oisin Kuhnke 3 days ago CLUCKIN' HELL As we all expected, GTA Online's next big heist's about...helping the police and shooting up a chicken factory Ah yes, battling corruption and stopping cartels from doing illegal things, exactly what criminals usually do. Mark Warren 4 days ago 1 JOIN THE WAR EFFORT Thanks to Helldivers 2, tricking normal people into role-playing has never been easier For now it's fighting for democracy. I'll have these chumps playing wizards and making goblin sounds in 3 months max. Connor Makar 4 days ago STOP SEEING STATS Desperate to find out Helldivers 2's best gun? Stop being a nerd and just "use the one you like the most" You heard Arrowhead’s CEO. Stop crunching numbers, you massive geeks. Mark Warren 4 days ago REMOTE WORK WORKS Unsurprisingly, GTA 6 devs aren't too keen on Rockstar's "reckless" decision to drag them back to the office “As usual, there has been zero consultation with us: the people who these policy changes most affect.” Mark Warren 4 days ago 8 Videos GAAS-LIGHTING That one live service game you begrudgingly like? It's probably just as bad as all the others, you just need an intervention As if "always online" is a selling point for entertainment. I'm always online! Let me log off! Jim Trinca 5 hours ago DISC-USTING What's the best game that shipped on multiple discs? The Best Games Ever Podcast Most games shipped on multiple discs, if you think about it... Jim Trinca 1 week ago 8 THE SHIITAKE SHOW The problem with Xbox is that you don’t need an Xbox, and that's a hard circle to square Xbox Anywhere, except under your TV where it's supposed to be. Jim Trinca 1 week ago 20 See more Videos PLEASE REMAIN CALM Don't panic, Starfield definitely isn't coming to Nintendo Switch It’s just a little Twitter gaffe from Bethesda in regards to - guess what? A Skyrim update! Mark Warren 4 days ago CRASH AND BURN? Bandicoot fans hope Toys For Bob'll get to keep working on a woah-le load of Crash games as it goes indie Oh, and Crash Team Rumble’s getting one final update next week before riding off into the sunset. Mark Warren 4 days ago 2 IS THIS IT? Is Warzone Mobile’s cross-progression the thing Warzone needs to be relevant again? Warzone Mobile has confirmed a release date, and reminded us of one feature that could be a game-changer. Sherif Saed 4 days ago AND... IT'S GONE Steam game disguises itself as Helldivers 2 and goes on sale, is swiftly delisted In the span of a few hours, the game changed its store page and was taken down. Connor Makar 4 days ago GAUNTLET'S RIFT Diablo 4’s Gauntlet finally arrives next week, but there’s more here than just an endgame dungeon Blizzard has finally, officially announced a release date for Diablo 4’s long-awaited endgame dungeon. Sherif Saed 4 days ago MORE INDUSTRY NEWS Saber Interactive gains independence from Embracer for $500M; Report claims Gearbox sale close to being inked One company freed while another is on the cusp. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 4 days ago MORE BAD NEWS EA lays off 5% of staff, cancels Respawn's unannounced Mandalorian FPS as it shifts focus from licensed IP The firm also closed a studio and is sunsetting four mobile titles. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 4 days ago LEGENDARY REUNION Kevin Conroy's final Batman outing after Suicide Squad: KTJL includes a reunion with Mark Hamill's Joker Our favorite Caped Crusader and Clown Prince of Crime aren't done yet. Fran Ruiz 5 days ago TEMPLE OF VROOM Expeditions: A MudRunner Game review – Raiders of the Lost 'Arrgh, I’ve rolled it again' Saber Interactive is back with another off-roading sim that’ll force you to face the consequences of your own stupidity. Mark Warren 5 days ago NINTENDO OUI Pokemon Legends Z-A has the chance to redeem one of the series' most disappointing entries Kalos has a lot of untapped potential. Oisin Kuhnke 5 days ago Guides BE A PAL Palworld Guide: How to become a Pal Master Get the most out of the wild islands of Palpagos with our Palworld Guide! James Billcliffe 1 month ago The Last of Us 2 safe codes and combinations - all safe locations All the safe codes and their locations in The Last of Us 2. Kirk McKeand 1 month ago Naraka Bladepoint Tier List: Best characters for Solos and Trios These are the best characters in Naraka: Bladepoint as decided by the top pro players! James Billcliffe 2 weeks ago See more Guides New AAA studio BulletFarm, led by ex-Call of Duty studio director David Vonderhaar, is making a co-operative, Unreal 5-based game David Vonderhaar's game with BulletFarm will be "set in an original universe with an emphasis on co-operative gameplay". James Billcliffe 5 days ago RETRO TROOPER Star Wars: Dark Forces Remaster is a must-play modern study of overlooked FPS history The name's Katarn, Kyle Katarn. Fran Ruiz 5 days ago FLATTENING THE CURVE Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree might have actually solved Souls DLC’s scaling problem, and it’s all thanks to Sekiro Typicallly, jumping into the DLC for a FromSoftware game made me cautious due to difficulty and scaling – but Elden Ring Shadow of the Erdtree is fixing that. Sherif Saed 5 days ago QUICK PIVOT Moana 2 locks down both Auli'i Cravalho and Dwayne Johnson as Disney scrambles to transition from show to film Yeah, this one wasn't planned out in advance. Fran Ruiz 5 days ago DAMAGED The first look at The Crow remake teases a movie that would have killed like 10 years ago Look, there's at least a vision. Fran Ruiz 5 days ago 6 DARKER SIDE Hayden Christensen shouted at the Revenge of the Sith children before murdering them to elicit a good reaction "Master Skywalker, there are too many of them." Fran Ruiz 5 days ago GAUNTLET TRIAL Watch Diablo 4's (maybe?) final stream of the delayed Gauntlet and Trials here This has to be the last time Blizzard will be showing off Diablo 4's Gauntlet before it comes out, right? Sherif Saed 5 days ago TAKE A LOOK Warframe's Dante Unbound update is a hoot - with new reworks, tennogen cosmetics, and new "page master" frame Book smarts can only get you so far. Unless you're Dante, in which case it'll be plenty. Connor Makar 5 days ago MACH MADNESS Get ready to race, sneak, fight, and explore! March's PS Plus lineup brings Destiny 2: Witch Queen, F1 23, Hello Neighbor 2, and Sifu to your PlayStation library Four for the taking. Stephany Nunneley-Jackson 6 days ago EMPER-OH NO Baldur's Gate 3's next hotfix should arrive this week, and hopefully it'll stop Minthara spoiling a big reveal Please stop ruining the Emperor’s big moment, Minty. Mark Warren 6 days ago View our archive Our Team Dom Peppiatt Editor-in-chief Alex Donaldson Assistant Editor Stephany Nunneley-Jackson News Editor Mark Warren Senior Staff Writer Connor Makar Staff Writer James Billcliffe Guides Editor Kelsey Raynor Guides Writer Rebecca Jones Guides Writer Jim Trinca Video Producer Tom Orry Deputy Editorial Director ReedPop VG247 is owned by Gamer Network Limited, a ReedPop company and subsidiary of Reed Exhibitions Limited. © 2024 Gamer Network Limited, Gateway House, 28 The Quadrant, Richmond, Surrey, TW9 1DN, United Kingdom, registered under company number 03882481. All rights reserved. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Explore News Reviews Articles Guides Newsletters Popular Now Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Baldur's Gate III Diablo IV Palworld Deals Helpful Links About Us Advertise with us Archive Authors Code of Conduct Contact Us Corporate Site Editorial Policy Review Policy RSS Feeds Terms & Conditions Privacy Links Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices Manage cookie settings ReedPop Dicebreaker Digital Foundry Eurogamer GamesIndustry.biz Jelly Deals Nintendo Life Popverse Pure Xbox Push Square Rock Paper Shotgun The Haul Time Extension VGC