GBIF We’re sorry, but GBIF doesn’t work properly without JavaScript enabled. Our website has detected that you are using an outdated insecure browser that will prevent you from using the site. We suggest you upgrade to a modern browser. {{nav.loginGreeting}} Get data Occurrences GBIF API Species Datasets Occurrence snapshots Hosted portals Trends How-to Share data Quick-start guide Dataset classes Data hosting Standards Become a publisher Data quality Data papers Use data Featured data use Citation guidelines GBIF citations Citation widget Tools Publishing IPT Data validator GeoPick New data model ⭐️ GRSciColl Suggest a dataset Data access and use Hosted portals Scientific collections Data processing Derived datasets rgbif pygbif MAXENT Tools catalogue GBIF labs Species matching Name parser Sequence ID Relative observation trends GBIF data blog Community Network Participant network Nodes Publishers Network contacts Community forum alliance for biodiversity knowledge Volunteers Mentors Ambassadors Translators Citizen scientists Activities Capacity enhancement Programmes & projects Training and learning resources Data Use Club Living Atlases About Inside GBIF What is GBIF? Become a member Governance Strategic framework Work Programme Funders Partnerships Release notes Contacts News & outreach News Newsletters and lists Events Awards Science Review Data use User profile GBIF | Global Biodiversity Information Facility Free and open access to biodiversity data Occurrences Species Datasets Publishers Resources Search What is GBIF? Stichaster striatus Müller & Troschel, 1840 observed by Javier Naretto in the Mahuidantu Marine Coastal Areas of Indigenous People, Chile. Photo via Costa Humboldt (CC BY-NC 4.0) 1.900,000,000 Occurrence records 60,000 Datasets 1,700 Publishing institutions 6,000 Peer-reviewed papers using data What is GBIF? GBIF—the Global Biodiversity Information Facility—is an international network and data infrastructure funded by the world's governments and aimed at providing anyone, anywhere, open access to data about all types of life on Earth. ► Video Learn more News News Continued partnership to improve data literacy for GBIF users News Timor-Leste joins GBIF 🇹🇱 News Call for proposals for a systematic review of GBIF-enabled research News Call opens for nominations to 2024 GBIF Graduate Researchers Award News More than 10,000 scientific papers enabled by GBIF-mediated data News 2024 Ebbe Nielsen Challenge seeks open-data innovations for biodiversity News GBIF to serve as administrative host for Species 2000 Secretariat News Five projects chosen for funding from the 2023 Capacity Enhancement Support Programme Data use Senna reticulata (Willd.) H.S.Irwin & Barneby observed in Manaus, Brazil by crax (CC BY-NC 4.0) Climate change Peer-reviewed papers using data Biodiversity loss and climate change interact in many ways, reflecting two sides of the same problem: humanity’s unsustainable relationship with the natural world. Explore the research relying on data from the GBIF network to understand and assess the growing impact that changing temperatures, precipitation and other climate-related phenomena are having on biodiversity. Featured See all Sphagneticola trilobata (L.) Pruski observed in Macao by Jeremy J Busfield (CC BY-NC 4.0) Invasive alien species peer-reviewed papers using data Information is the single most important variable necessary to support research, monitoring and management of alien and invasive species. From identifying and predicting potential invasions to improving management applications, detection strategies, and risk assessments, GBIF plays a pivotal role in fulfilling data needs about these costly and disruptive forces of change. Featured See all Rhinolophus pusillus Temminck, 1834 observed in Shizuoka, Japan by Ryosuke Kuwahara (CC BY-NC 4.0) Human health Peer-reviewed papers using data Knowing where the species that transmit disease-causing pathogens occur is important for recognizing, managing and preventing potential threats to human communities. Data shared through the GBIF network enables scientists and researchers to map the wild host, vector and reservoir species involved in cycles of disease transmission and how their distributions are changing. Featured See all Danaus plexippus subsp. plexippus observed in Querétaro, Mexico by Christine Cieslak Campelo (CC BY-NC 4.0) IUCN Red List of Threatened Species™ species assessments citing GBIF GBIF-mediated data is used for mapping species distributions and for calculating Area of Occupancy (AOO) and Extent of Occurrence, measures key to assessing threat level and categorizing species on the Red List. Latest updates See all Thematic communities Soil Conservation Climate change Human health and One Health DNA barcoding and metagenomics Agriculture and food security Business sector Programmes and projects Mediterranean violet aeolid Flabellina affinis (Gmelin, 1791), Observed in Spain. Photo 2021 Adrie Rolloos via iNaturalist Research-grade Observations, licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0. Hosted portals 20 Hosted portals GBIF hosted portals offer simple, customizable websites that support biodiversity data use and engagement at national, institutional, regional and thematic scales. This service, which Participant nodes and their partners can apply to anytime, lowers the technical demands for delivering relevant biodiversity data to communities around the world. Learn more Team consultation at the BID Capacity Enhancement Workshop: Data use for decision-making, Cape Town, South Africa, 11 April 2018. Participants (left to right): Ernest Lamptey, Raymond Owusu-Achiaw, Donald Mpalika, Elizabeth Mwafongo, Jacqueline Sapoama Kumadoh, Hannah Owen. Photo Maheva Bagard Laursen | GBIF, licensed under CC BY-NC-SA 2.0. BID: Biodiversity Information for Development projects Biodiversity Information for Development (BID) is a multi-year programme funded by the European Union and led by GBIF with the aim of enhancing capacity for effective mobilization and use of biodiversity data in research and policy in the ‘ACP’ nations of sub-Saharan Africa, the Caribbean and the Pacific. Learn more Explore all projects Group photo by Dina Setyaningrum licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0 BIFA: Biodiversity Information Fund for Asia projects BIFA—the Biodiversity Information Fund for Asia—provides supplementary support for existing activities within the GBIF network, addressing the needs of regional researchers and policymakers through mobilization and use of biodiversity data. The programme is the outcome of a contribution from the Ministry of the Environment, Government of Japan, earmarked for activities in Asia. Learn more Explore all projects Bellyache bush (Jatropha gossypiifolia), Amansi East district, Ghana. Photo 2019 Steven Schulting via iNaturalist Research-grade Observations, licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0. Capacity Enhancement Support Programme projects This programme aims to address specific capacity needs identified by GBIF Participants by facilitating collaboration at regional and global levels, providing co-funding for capacity enhancement projects based on combinations of mentoring activities, regional training workshops and documentation. Learn more Explore all projects Malacosoma castrense by Robin Bad via iNaturalist. Photo licensed under CC BY-NC 4.0. Northern Eurasia projects Starting in 2018, the Finnish Biodiversity Information Facility (FinBIF), the GBIF national node for Finland, has provided funding directed toward support of projects that mobilize biodiversity data and promote national training and capacity-building activities around data publishing in the region. Learn more Explore all projects Featured projects A bilingual open-source checklist and digitization of Taiwan’s bee fauna Small animals, big data: Mobilizing citizen science for data on the spiders of Asia Using microbial metabarcoding to monitor biodiversity and bioindicators in the Mekong River Enriching the Bhutan Biodiversity Portal through digitization and mobilization of specimen collections Resources and documentation Beginner's guide to the GBIF API All you need to know about GRSciColl Community forum Join the conversation and get answers to data use related questions What is GBIF? API FAQ Newsletter Privacy Terms and agreements Citation Code of Conduct Acknowledgements Contact GBIF Secretariat Universitetsparken 15 DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø Denmark GBIF is a Global Core Biodata Resource