Android | Do More With Google on Android Phones & Devices Skip to content Discover Android Latest features Android 14 Safety Accessibility Enterprise Android Auto Quick Share Switch & transfer Why Android How to switch Transfer your data Explore devices Phones Find your phone Tablets Connected devices Search Shop phones Discover Android Switch & transfer Explore devices Latest features Switch from iOS Shop phones Latest features Android 14 Safety Accessibility Enterprise Android Auto Quick Share Why Android How to switch Transfer your data Phones Find your phone Tablets Connected devices Put the possibilities in frame. Watch Javier’s story Accessibility on Pixel 8 Designed toconnect, notdistract. Explore Designed to connect, not distract. Explore Make it yours. What’s new with Android 14 Make it yours. What’s new with Android 14 Android lets you do you. See all of the latest Media controlsUninterrupted listening on Spotify with new casting controls. Create your own Android Bot. Get started Enjoy the Mobile World Congress fun from home and use this tool to customize your own Android Bot. New Android phones dropped. Galaxy S24 UltraFrom $1,299.99 Shop now Galaxy Z Flip5From $999.00 Shop now Galaxy Z Fold5From $1,799.00 Shop now Pixel 8 ProFrom $999.00 Shop now Pixel 8From $699.00 Shop now Pixel FoldFrom $1,799.00 Shop now See all phones New Android phones dropped. Galaxy S24 Ultra Shop now New Android phones dropped. Galaxy Z Flip5 Shop now New Android phones dropped. Galaxy Z Fold5 Shop now New Android phones dropped. Pixel 8 Pro Shop now New Android phones dropped. Pixel 8 Shop now New Android phones dropped. Pixel Fold Shop now The only connected ecosystem with choice. Connect to a world of devices Seamlessly share photos, videos and more with Quick Share. Share your phone screen on a big screen. The most anti-phishing and spam protections around.6 Explore security features WhatsApp for Wear OSKeep conversations going.WhatsApp is now available on Android watches. Securely send and receive messages, answer calls and keep up with chats even if without your phone.1 Download now Quick ShareMove your content with ease.Instantly send files, photos, videos, map locations and more to a nearby Android2 or Chromebook3, or a Windows PC4 with Quick Share. Share it with Android.5 Cast with Google TVControl your TV with your phone or tablet.Seamlessly browse and cast your favorite shows, videos and movies from your device directly to your Google TV. Shop devices Galaxy Z Flip5Buy now Galaxy Z Fold5Buy now Pixel 8 ProBuy now Pixel FoldBuy now Pixel 8Buy now Emoji Kitchen stickersCelebrate 🎊 with new Emoji Kitchen sticker combinations.Give the gift 🛍 of new Emoji Kitchen sticker combinations. Remix your favorite emoji and share them with your friends as stickers via Gboard — for more ways to express yourself. Works with compatible emoji. May require download. Download now Galaxy Z Flip5Buy now Galaxy Z Fold5Buy now Pixel 8 ProBuy now Pixel 8Buy now Guided FrameCapture life, no matter how you experience it.Audio cues and haptic feedback on Pixel help you position your face in frame, making selfies easier for people who are blind or low-vision. New accessibility possibilities brought to you with Google AI on Android. Shop Pixel 8 New accessibility features Galaxy S24 UltraBuy now Pixel FoldBuy now Pixel FoldBuy now Galaxy Z Fold5Buy now Galaxy Z Flip5Buy now Output switcherUninterrupted listening with new casting controls.Move your media seamlessly between devices with the output switcher. Move from your phone speaker to headphones, smart speakers, and more – for uninterrupted listening on Spotify and YouTube Music. Available on Android 14+ devices. Cast devices must be on the same Wi-Fi network and are sold separately. Subscriptions may be required for access to certain listening experiences. Learn more Follow Us Find Android on Twitter Find Android on Instagram Find Android on YouTube Find Android on Facebook Find Android on LinkedIn Privacy & Safety Security Privacy Physical Safety Accessibility Vision features Audio features Mobility features More from Android Customize Android Bot Android TV Transfer contacts Get The Message Mobile Services Support Help Center Find my device Join user studies For Enterprise Overview Find solutions Enterprise Devices Enterprise Support Enterprise Blog For the press Android blog Press Corner Contact Press team For developers Developer Resources Android Studio and SDK Android Open Source Project How Google Play works 1 Android phone required for set up. Internet connection required. Available on Wear OS 3+. 2 Available on Android 6.0+ devices. 3 Available on Chrome OS version 91+ devices. 4 Available on 64-bit versions of Windows 10+ devices (ARM-based devices not supported). 5 Devices must be within Bluetooth sharing distance and have Wi-Fi enabled. 6 Based on third-party research funded by Google LLC in June 2022 comparing Android 12 and iOS 15. Evaluation based on no-cost smartphone features enabled by default. Some features may not be available in all countries. Privacy Policy Cookies management controls Languages Dansk Deutsch (Belgium) Deutsch English (Australia) English (Belgium) English (Canada) English (Hong Kong) English (Ireland) English (India) English (New Zealand) English (Philippines) English (United Kingdom) English Español (Mexico) Español Español (United States) Filipino Français (Belgium) Français (Canada) Français हिन्दी Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Nederlands (Belgium) Nederlands Norsk bokmål Polski Português (Brazil) Português Русский Svenska ไทย Türkçe Tiếng việt 中文 中文 (香港) 中文 (台灣) Thanks for visiting. We’d like to ask you a few questions about your experience to help us improve our website. It should take about a minute. Question of What is your primary reason for visiting Android.com? Learn about Android Safety Learn how to switch to Android Get help finding a new smartphone Get help finding a new tablet Learn about a new Operating System release Learn about Google Apps and Android features Get help with using Android Learn about multi-device experiences Other Question of Which of the following best describes where you are in the shopping process for a new smartphone? Initial gathering of information about what smartphones are available Narrowing down to a short list of smartphones Decided on the smartphone and ready to purchase Not currently shopping for a new smartphone Question of How safe and secure do you think Android is? Extremely safe and secure Very safe and secure Somewhat safe and secure Not so safe and secure Not at all safe and secure Question of How easy or hard was it to find what you were looking for on Android.com? Extremely easy Somewhat easy Neither easy nor hard Somewhat hard Extremely hard Question of Overall, how satisfied are you with Android.com? Very Satisfied Somewhat Satisfied Neutral Somewhat Dissatisfied Very Dissatisfied Question of How easy do you believe it will be to switch (e.g. transfer photos, contacts, apps, etc) your primary device to Android? Very easy Somewhat easy Neither easy nor hard Somewhat hard Very hard Question of To what extent did Android.com impact your likelihood to consider purchasing an Android device for your next smartphone? Very Significantly Significantly Moderately A little bit Not at all Question of To what extent do you agree or disagree that Android has innovative products and features? Strongly agree Somewhat agree Neither agree nor disagree Somewhat disagree Strongly disagree Thanks for your feedback. Done Please select an answer. Close Get Started Thanks for visiting. We'd like to ask you a few questions about your experience to help us improve our website. It should take about a minute. Question of What is your primary reason for visiting Android.com? Learn how to switch to a new Android device Learn how to keep your Android device safe Get help finding a new smartphone or tablet Learn about new Android operating system / features Explore devices compatible with Android Other Question of What specific content are you most interested in exploring today? Google apps and features How to transfer data and apps to an Android device Product information for Android devices Finding the right Android device for me Other Question of How easy or hard was it to find what you were looking for on Android.com? Extremely easy Somewhat easy Neither easy nor hard Somewhat hard Extremely hard Question of Overall, how satisfied are you with Android.com? Very Satisfied Somewhat Satisfied Neutral Somewhat Dissatisfied Very Dissatisfied Question of What specific content are you most interested in exploring today? Google apps and features recommended for me Learn about Android ecosystem of devices Android device safety, data protection and privacy features Learn about Android accessibility features Other Question of To what extent did Android.com impact your likelihood to consider purchasing an Android device for your next smartphone? Very Significantly Significantly Moderately A little bit Not at all Question of To what extent do you agree or disagree that Android has innovative products and features? Strongly agree Somewhat agree Neither agree nor disagree Somewhat disagree Strongly disagree Thanks for your feedback. Done Please select an answer. Close Get Started