Curious and Wondrous Travel Destinations - Atlas Obscura Trips Experiences Courses Places Foods Stories Newsletters Open newsletter menu View all newsletters Explore Newsletters Open user menu Sign In Sign In Join Force Open Search Open main menu Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... Loading... No search results found for “” Make sure words are spelled correctly. Try searching for a travel destination. Places near me Random place Popular Destinations Paris London New York Berlin Rome Los Angeles Trips Experiences Courses Places Foods Stories Newsletters Sign In Join Atlas Obscura's Ecliptic Festival - April 5-8, 2024 - Hot Springs, Arkansas Dismiss notification Buy Tickets Places near me Random place The Definitive Guide to the World’s Hidden Wonders Search the Atlas Destinations from the Atlas Athens Greece Places 73 Stories 3 Denver Colorado Places 35 Stories 10 Madrid Spain Places 108 Stories 2 London United Kingdom Places 488 Stories 104 Featured Trips and Courses Peru: Machu Picchu and the Last Incan Bridges Trip How to Forge a Michelangelo: The History and Practice of Forgery With Noah Charney Course The Mystery of Monsieur de New York, Celebrity Hangman crime Considered an artist of the gallows, his true identity is shrouded in myth and hyperbole. By Nina Strochlic February 28, 2024 Featured Trips and Courses Peru: Machu Picchu and the Last Incan Bridges Trip How to Forge a Michelangelo: The History and Practice of Forgery With Noah Charney Course More Stories It's Lent. Do You Know Where Your Fish Fry Is? food By Anne Ewbank February 28, 2024 What Happens to the Food You Try to Sneak Into the Airport? Podcast By The Podcast Team March 4, 2024 The Atlas Obscura Crossword: March Themeless puzzles By AO Puzzles March 4, 2024 New York City and London Could Have Looked Very Different urban planning By Frank Jacobs, Big Think March 1, 2024 Podcast What Happens to the Food You Try to Sneak Into the Airport? We go inside one of the busiest airports in the world with a simple question. Listen now Get wonder in your inbox Wonder delivered to your inbox Sign up for our Newsletter Your newsletter subscriptions with us are subject to Atlas Obscura's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Explore the Atlas Hidden Wonders Place of the Day Button Button Button Curtea de Argeș Monastery Curtea de Argeș, Romania According to a gruesome legend, an architect sacrificed his wife to build this spectacular, 16th-century cathedral. Added By Nick More Featured Places View all Places Button Button Button Farnham, England Mother Ludlam's Cave This place is the subject of local legends about a good witch and a Celtic God. Added By Katie Ness Button Button Button Jokkmokk, Sweden Jokkmokk Market Hang with reindeer at this 400-year-old Sámi market. Added By Barbara Woolsey Button Button Button Leadville, Colorado House With the Eye Museum This 19th-century house museum features a horse-drawn hearse and other antique oddities. Added By Mike Walker Button Button Button Brunswick, Germany 'Katzenbalgen' ('Cat Brawl') A purr-fectly spirited bronze celebration of local street felines through history. Added By Johan Husberg Button Button Button Paris, France Le Timgad Travel back in time at a Moroccan-inspired restaurant that was the height of glamor in the 1970s. Added By Austin Bush Button Button Button Zadar, Croatia Zadarski Barkajoli The medieval ferry service has been going strong since the 14th century. Added By linkogecko Button Button Button Wellington, New Zealand Lobster Loos These concrete crustaceans are actually public restrooms. Added By tattarattat Button Button Button Maldon, England Statue of Byrhtnoth This statue commemorates one of medieval England’s most courageous heroes. Added By Adam View all Places Join the Community The Atlas is always evolving thanks to our community. Here’s how to get involved: Add & Edit Places Tell us about all the amazing places we don’t know yet. Anyone can contribute, anywhere in the world. Read our FAQ Become a Member Join our community to see far fewer ads, get a members-only newsletter, receive credit toward your next Atlas Obscura trip, and more. Explore the Benefits Download the App Explore our guide to over 24,000 curious and unexpected places, right from your mobile device. Download the App Discover Our Stories Articles, Videos, and Podcast View all Stories Most Popular Most Recent villages A False Volcano Emergency Created This Stunning Abandoned Village Welcome to the ghost town of a modern Vesuvius that never happened. Read more Written By Alessio Perrone February 27, 2024 news This 1,700 Year Old Egg Never Broke—And Now It’s Further Stunning Scientists By Colleen Kelly discovery It’s Official: There’s Another ‘World’s Largest Snake’ By Olivia Young solar system How One of Science's Biggest Errors Persisted for 1,500 Years By Rebecca Boyle secrets Swiss Maps Are Full of Hidden Secrets By Frank Jacobs, Big Think strange maps New York City and London Could Have Looked Very Different By Frank Jacobs, Big Think churches Why Are There So Many Abandoned Churches? By Matthew Christopher victorian 7 Crazy True Stories About the Victorian Era By April White puzzles The Atlas Obscura Crossword: March Themeless Read more A Written By AO Puzzles March 4, 2024 ships Antarctic Explorers Wrote Cute, Funny Stories to Hide Dangerous Stunts By Allegra Rosenberg food Flambé Your Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner By Anne Ewbank Podcast What Happens to the Food You Try to Sneak Into the Airport? By The Podcast Team urban planning New York City and London Could Have Looked Very Different By Frank Jacobs, Big Think books The Emerging Art of 'Fanbinding' By Elizabeth Minkel libraries Wonder Is Everywhere: Ancient Lipstick, Darwin’s Library, and More From Around the Web By April White food A Rare Look Inside Britain's 'Sublime Society of Beefsteaks' By Rachel Naismith View all Stories Plan Your Adventure Guides, lists, and itineraries View all Destinations Tokyo Japan Places 184 Stories 13 Mexico City Mexico Places 174 Stories 16 Chicago Illinois Places 153 Stories 52 Top Countries United States United Kingdom Italy Germany Spain France Canada Japan Australia Mexico Sweden Netherlands Top Cities London New York Los Angeles Brooklyn San Francisco Paris Tokyo Mexico City Edinburgh Chicago Berlin Rome Seattle Stockholm Boston Madrid New Orleans Glasgow Prague Athens Queens Budapest Philadelphia Amsterdam View all Destinations Explore the World Trips, experiences, and courses Asia Festivals and Temples of Bhutan Discover Our Trips We travel to incredible, often overlooked places. Our global community of local experts grants you access to unique, small-group experiences. View all Trips Course Bird Taxidermy with Allis Markham $99 Discover Our Courses Atlas Obscura Courses offer opportunities for students of all ages to explore niche topics and skills, in both live and on-demand formats. View all Courses Complete Your Bookshelf Books and Box Sets Explorer’s Library Combination of Two Bestsellers Gastro Obscura A Food Adventurer’s Guide Follow Atlas Obscura for more Wonders everyday More of Atlas Obscura Everyday More of Atlas Obscura Everyday Follow Atlas Obscura Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram Facebook Twitter Pinterest Get Our Email Newsletter Follow Us Facebook YouTube Twitter Instagram Pinterest RSS Feed Get the app Download the App Places All Places Latest Places Most Popular Places to Eat Random Nearby Add a Place Editorial Stories Food & Drink Itineraries Lists Puzzles Video Podcast Newsletters Trips All Trips Trips Blog Art & Culture Trips Food Trips Hidden City Trips History Trips Wildlife & Nature Trips FAQ Experiences Experiences Online Courses Online Experience FAQ Online Course FAQ Eclipse Festival 2024 Community Membership Feedback & Ideas Community Guidelines Product Blog Unique Gifts Work With Us Company About FAQ Invest In Us Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines Press Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Atlas Obscura © 2024 Atlas Obscura. All Rights Reserved. Questions or Feedback? Contact Us