Economic Policy Institute | Research and Ideas for Shared Prosperity About About EPI Events Newsroom Careers Staff Board of Directors Newsletter Contact Us Why Give to EPI Donate Areas of Research Budget, Taxes, and Public Investment Child Labor Economic Growth Program on Race, Ethnicity, and the Economy Education Health Inequality and Poverty Jobs and Unemployment Minimum Wage Immigration Regulation Retirement Unions and Labor Standards Trade and Globalization Wages, Incomes, and Wealth Coronavirus Pandemic View all Data Library Publications Experts Resources View all Economic Indicators Jobs and Unemployment State Jobs and Unemployment State Unemployment by Race and Ethnicity JOLTS Minimum Wage Tracker Nominal Wage Tracker GDP Income & Poverty Productivity–Pay Gap Family Budget Calculator Low Wage Workforce Tracker Policy Agenda Company Wage Tracker Tax & Spending Explorer Anti-racist Policy Research Multimedia State of Working America Economic Analysis and Research Network (EARN) Projects State of Working America Inequality.is Building Worker Power Social Media Toolkit Blog Donate Child Labor Immigration Strikes Wages Policies for states and localities to fight oppressive child labor State governments can play a critical role in enacting policies to combat the recent marked rise in child labor violations. This report reviews the enforcement provisions of current state-level child labor laws throughout the United States. Read the report Related Child labor remains a key state legislative issue in 2024 Youth subminimum wages and why they should be eliminated Immigrants are not hurting U.S.-born workers Anti-immigration advocates have been out in full force, using this as a talking point for deeply misguided commentary and analysis that roughly translates to “immigrants are taking all our jobs.” . Read the blog Related Senate should reject deal that would punish asylum seekers and trade away human rights for temporary defense funding Major strike activity increased by 280% in 2023 Workers filed petitions for union elections in record numbers and captured significant wage gains through work stoppages and contract negotiations. Read the report Related Data show anti-union ‘right-to-work’ laws damage state economies What constitutes a living wage? The Family Budget Calculator estimates the resources families need to make ends meet across the United States. This report explains how policymakers, employers, and advocates can set meaningful living wage standards using the calculator.. Explore the calculator Related Why the U.S. needs at least a $17 minimum wage A history of the federal minimum wage Search for: Advanced search Latest Research Policies for states and localities to fight oppressive child labor February 27, 2024 By Terri Gerstein Report Major strike activity increased by 280% in 2023: Many workers still need policies that protect their right to strike February 21, 2024 By Margaret Poydock and Jennifer Sherer Report Senate should reject deal that would punish asylum seekers and trade away human rights for temporary defense funding February 5, 2024 By Daniel Costa Statement What constitutes a living wage?: A guide to using EPI’s Family Budget Calculator January 31, 2024 By Elise Gould, Zane Mokhiber, and Katherine deCourcy Report Workers want unions, but the latest data point to obstacles in their path: Private-sector unionization rose by more than a quarter million in 2023, while unionization in state and local governments fell January 23, 2024 By Heidi Shierholz, Celine McNicholas, Margaret Poydock, and Jennifer Sherer Report View all publications Blog Immigrants are not hurting U.S.-born workers: Six facts to set the record straight February 20, 2024 By Daniel Costa and Heidi Shierholz Blog Data show anti-union ‘right-to-work’ laws damage state economies: As Michigan’s repeal takes effect, New Hampshire should continue to reject ‘right-to-work’ legislation February 13, 2024 By Jennifer Sherer and Elise Gould Blog Child labor remains a key state legislative issue in 2024: State lawmakers must seize opportunities to strengthen standards, resist ongoing attacks on child labor laws February 7, 2024 By Nina Mast Blog A strong labor market continues into 2024 with 353,000 jobs added in January February 2, 2024 By EPI Staff Blog The soft bigotry of high expectations: To combat the Black-white school achievement gap, remedy persistent segregation, don’t hope for miracle teachers January 30, 2024 By Richard Rothstein Blog The economy isn’t sick right now—but it has chronic conditions that demand attention January 30, 2024 By Kyle K. Moore Blog Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey shows a strong—but not overheating—labor market January 30, 2024 By EPI Staff Blog Visit the blog EPI in the news Bipartisan bill allowing more teen labor on construction sites nears finish line Child labor violations in Florida and across the country have risen in recent years, as have the number of industry-backed bills filed in state legislatures aiming to loosen child labor protections in states across the country. Orlando Weekly | March 4, 2024 ‘You just feel lied to’: This struggling Texas woman asks why she got a college degree — thought she’d be able to buy a house and ‘things that make you happy.’ Does she have a legit gripe? Salaries are losing their value, as a result of the “productivity-pay gap,” which is the difference between how much income the economy generates and workers’ wages. From 1979-2022, productivity increased 64.7%, while hourly pay only increased 14.8% — around 4.4 times slower — according to the Economic Policy Institute. MoneyWise | March 4, 2024 Ep. 6 – The Federal Minimum Wage Features interview with Jasmine Payne-Patterson on history of federal minimum wage. Workers Rock podcast | March 4, 2024 Immigration is ‘taking pressure off’ the job market and U.S. economy, expert says The prime-age labor force participation rate of U.S.-born men without a college degree “grew at a record pace in each of the last two years and is above its pre-COVID trend,” according to the Economic Policy Institute, or EPI, a left-leaning think tank. In other words, the economy is both absorbing immigrants and generating job opportunities for U.S.-born workers, the institute said. The idea that immigrants are “taking all our jobs” is “deeply misguided,” EPI researchers wrote in a recent analysis. CNBC | March 4, 2024 Warren, Sanders Target Firms That Pay CEOs Way More Than Workers A long-running study by the Economic Policy Institute showed leaders of the country’s 350 biggest public companies made about 320 times more than their typical employee in 2019, up from 20:1 in 1965. Bloomberg | March 4, 2024 Border Hysteria Is a Bipartisan Delusion Analysts with the Economic Policy Institute found that foreign-born workers account for around 50 percent of the labor market’s explosive growth, while the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco found that immigrant labor effectively closed the post-Covid gap in the job market by the middle of 2022. The Nation | March 4, 2024 Punching In: Dartmouth College Players’ Union Election Nears Heidi Shierholz, president of the Economic Policy Institute, noted that external data could be helpful to flag unusual phenomenon occurring among contractors in the labor force or inform the BLS of how to structure survey questions they may not have asked otherwise. “There’s clearly legislation, regulation around the issue of independent contracting,” Shierholz, who served as the chief economist at the DOL under Obama, said. “So really understanding the scope, and the nature of that kind of work just makes that kind of policy smarter.” Bloomberg Law | March 4, 2024 More EPI in the news Search for: Advanced search Sign up to stay informed New research, insightful graphics, and event invites in your inbox every week. Unequal PowerShattering the myth of equal power in the workplace. Unequal powerTax & Spending ExplorerHow do taxes and spending work, and where do you fit in? Explore Data LibraryAuthoritative, up-to-date data on the living standards of American workers. State of Working America Data LibraryPolicy AgendaPolicy choices have tilted the playing field toward the rich and corporations. Here's how to tilt it back. View the agendaEARNA national network of research and policy groups improving economic conditions for working families. Visit EARNTrack EPI on Twitter Tweets by @EconomicPolicy EPI is an independent, nonprofit think tank that researches the impact of economic trends and policies on working people in the United States. EPI’s research helps policymakers, opinion leaders, advocates, journalists, and the public understand the bread-and-butter issues affecting ordinary Americans. Follow EPI 1225 Eye St. NW, Suite 600 Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202-775-8810 • epi@epi.org © 2024 Economic Policy Institute Privacy Policy • Contact Us Projects State of Working America Data Library Authoritative, up-to-date data on the living standards of American workers. Program on Race, Ethnicity, and the Economy • PREE Exploring how race, ethnicity, and class intersect to affect economic outcomes in the United States. Unequal Power There’s an inherent imbalance of bargaining power between employers and employees. Here's how it impacts your workplace—and our democracy. Policy Agenda Policy choices have tilted the playing field toward the rich and corporations. Here's how to tilt it back. Tax & Spending Explorer How do taxes and spending work, and where do you fit in? Inequality.is Interactive tools and videos bringing clarity to the national dialogue on economic inequality. Affiliated programs Economic Analysis and Research Network • EARN A network of state and local organizations improving workers' lives through research and advocacy. About EPI Staff Board of Directors Jobs at EPI Contact us Why give to EPI Newsroom Newsletter Events Donate The Economic Policy Institute staff is unionized with the Nonprofit Professional Employees Union.