Payscale - Salary Comparison, Salary Survey, Search Wages Skip to content Products Software Streamlined solutions for every step of the compensation management journey MarketPay Transform pay with our enterprise-grade comp platform Payfactors Automate compensation with our full-suite solution Data Continuously updated compensation datasets from Payscale and our partners Peer Data Payscale’s employer- reported salary data network Employee Reported The world’s largest employee- submitted pay database Survey Publishers Annual survey salary data from HR industry publishers Payscale Compensation Surveys 100% company submitted data from 2,000+ businesses HR Market Analysis Data Aggregated, HR-reported market data Services Flexible, customizable services and support for Payscale customers Request a Demo Schedule a personalized demo to feel the power of Payscale Get a Demo Try Payfactors Free Reliable compensation data. Instant access. No Charge Try It Now Solutions By Challenge Pay Transparency Pay Equity Compensation Planning Pay Communications Job Management Location Based Pay By Industry Retail and Customer Service Energy Technology Agencies and Consultancies Healthcare Request a Demo Schedule a personalized demo to feel the power of Payscale. Get a Demo Try Payfactors Free Reliable compensation data. Instant access. No charge Try it now Browse all solutions Why Payscale? Data Methodology From collection to validation, our data methodology delivers certainty Executive Leadership Meet the leaders dedicated to empowering better conversations around pay Customer Stories From start-ups to Fortune 100 enterprises, businesses are shaping the future of compensation with the help of Payscale The Total Economic Impact™ 235% ROI demonstrated through The Total Economic Impact™ Of Payscale Compensation Management Browse all customer stories Payscale Connect Our compensation community ​available exclusively to Payscale customers Partner Marketplace Meet our partners who extend the value of your Payscale experience and investment Research & Insights By Topic Pay Equity Comp Strategy & Structure Salary Data & Market Pricing See all Research & Insights By Type Research Reports Whitepapers eBooks Data Visualizations Live Events On-Demand Webinars Recent Research & Insights Reports Closing the Gap: How Organizations are Making Fair Pay a Reality – Webinar On-Demand Join Payscale’s Chief Product Evangelist, Ruth Thomas, and Associate Director of Content Compensation Planning by Payscale Discover top predictions from experts across people leadership, compensation management, new legislation, Payscale Index Track and compare wage-growth by city, industry, company size, and job category Browse all Research & Insights Reports Compensation Trends By Topic Pay Trends & Hot Topics Salary Data & Market Pricing Pay Equity Comp Strategy & Structure Recent Compensation Trends Articles SXSW Session: Pay Transparency – Boom or Bust? Payscale's panel at SXSW will cover the pros and cons of total Talent assessments: Common methods and their benefits Learn what talent assessments are, and discover how using them can improve Employee vs contractor: What is the difference? Learn the difference between employee and contractor and comprehensively choose the best Mastering compensation planning with automation Strategic compensation planning has become a driving force for organizational agility and Browse all Compensation Trends Articles For Individuals Career Resources Access helpful tools and insights for career planning and salary negotiation Find a Job Return better results with Payscale Job Search Salary Negotiation Guide Learn successful salary negotiation techniques Cost of Living Calculator Compare real living costs across different cities Career Path Planner Consider potential directions your career could take College ROI Calculate the 20-year net ROI for US-based colleges Career Advice Explore real-world career trends and advice from the leaders in compensation 7 signs of micromanagement in the workplace Identify key Signs of Micromanagement in the Workplace and learn how to Browse all Career Advice articles Career Advice by Topic Career Advice Career Profiles Current Events Data & Research Negotiation Work Culture Salary Research Uncover detailed salary data for specific jobs, employers, schools, and more By Company By Job Title By Degree By Certification By Skill By Industry By School College Salary Report Learn where the best career earners attended college Take our salary survey to see what you should be earning Salary Survey Get a Demo United States (English) United States (English) United Kingdom (English) European Union (English) Login My Account Logout My Account My Salary Reports Business Dashboard Free Compensation Data Get a Demo Products Software MarketPay Payfactors Data Peer Data Employee Reported Survey Publishers Payscale Compensation Surveys HR Market Analysis Data Services Request a Demo Free Compensation Data Solutions By Challenge Pay Transparency Pay Equity Compensation Planning Pay Communications Job Management Location Based Pay By Industry Retail and Customer Service Energy Technology Agencies and Consultancies Healthcare Why Payscale? Data Methodology Executive Leadership Customer Stories Payscale Connect Partner Marketplace Research & Insights By Topic Pay Equity Comp Strategy & Structure Salary Data & Market Pricing By Type Whitepapers Research Reports eBooks Data Visualizations Live Events On-Demand Webinars Payscale Index Compensation Trends By Topic Pay Trends & Hot Topics Salary Data & Market Pricing Pay Equity Comp Strategy & Structure For Individuals Career Resources Career Advice Career Advice by Topic Career Advice Career Profiles Current Events Data & Research Negotiation Work Culture Salary Research Salary Research By Company By Job Title By Degree By Certification By Skill By Industry By School College Salary Report Salary Survey Login My Account Logout My Account My Salary Reports Business Dashboard Free Compensation Data United States (English) Language Selection United States (English) United States (English) United Kingdom (English) European Union (English) Get salary data Who are you? Employee Employer What's your current situation? Current Job Job Offer Next Pay is powerful™ Gain the insights and confidence to get pay right with relevant, validated salary data and industry-leading, AI-powered compensation software. Salary market data Verify my pay 2024 Gender Pay Gap Report (GPGR) The 2024 Gender Pay Gap Report analyzes data from over 627,000 people in the U.S. who took Payscale’s free online salary survey between January 2022 and January 2024. The report includes analysis by parent status, job-seeking status, remote work status, race, job level, age, education, industry, occupation, location, and more. Download the full report 59% of Fortune 500 use Payscale 30+ Industries 7M incumbents represented in Peer Pay transparency Pay transparency is an integral part of a fair pay philosophy Pay equity It's time to make pay equity central to pay strategy Comp planning Get ahead of the pay increase cycle Pay communication Communicate the what and why of how you pay Job management Manage jobs and pay in the same place. Finally 2023 End-of-Year Job Market Report Payscale’s 2023 End-of-Year Report looks at the state of the job market going into 2024, the top 10 in-demand jobs in 2023 by wage growth, and the top jobs people are seeking to quit based on Payscale’s employee-reported survey data. Download report Get pay right with powerful compensation solutions Experience the new era of compensation management with Payfactors Redefine and automate the compensation experience with Payfactors, the powerful and scalable full-suite compensation management solution for any organization. Make compensation powerful Take compensation to the next level with MarketPay Dive deeper into compensation with MarketPay, the enterprise-grade, best-in-class solution that provides comprehensive data analysis tools and survey management all in one place. Elevate compensation practices What should I be paid? Data is power, and everyone should have theirs. Start with our salary profile tool to assess the worth of your job-skills on the open market. Go ahead, feel the power. See your earning potential Concentric circle objects radiate, change colors, and lock into a static position that frames on-screen text. The circles move during scrolling. Change happens. Be ready. Payscale empowers people and employers with fresh, transparent, and validated salary data, easy-to-use software, and services to get pay right under any market conditions. Make clear, confident decisions with transparent salary data We are committed to ensuring pay accuracy by providing reliable salary market data that remains true and transparent to respective sources. Find out why it matters 21,000 Third-party surveys loaded annually Payscale is the leading provider of survey management technology and users load over 21,000 surveys into our platforms annually. 13,000 job titles across all Payscale HR reported data sets Payscale has 13,000 job titles across all our HR reported data sets to ensure our customers find the best job match. 40M validated, granular, salary profiles. Access meticulously validated data collected daily from employees in the workforce that helps you keep a pulse on the market, and reports on granular components of pay including skills and geo data. Our customers experience powerful results More than 10,000 customers from small businesses to Fortune 1000 global enterprises partner with Payscale to elevate their compensation strategies, attract and retain the best talent, and unlock the real power of pay. Read why customers love us Payscale is best in class Payscale compensation data, services, and software are award-winning for leadership, ease of use, and fast implementation, credited to our transparent processes and our commitment to the integrity of our data. Learn about us Products Solutions Why Payscale Research & Insights Compensation Trends For Individuals Press Releases In The News Compference Events About Us Careers at Payscale Contact Us © 2024 Payscale, Inc. All rights reserved. Data Protection Privacy Statement Terms of Use Cookies Policy Research Careers Jobs Employers Degrees