Hyperallergic: Sensitive to Art and Its Discontents Close Become a Member Search for: Search Facebook Instagram LinkedIn News Art Books Film Performance Opinion Crosswords Comics Instagram Threads Facebook LinkedIn TikTok YouTube Reviews Interviews Opportunities Features Previews Close News Art Books Film Performance Opinion Crosswords Comics Instagram Threads Facebook LinkedIn TikTok YouTube Reviews Interviews Opportunities Features Previews Skip to content Menu Hyperallergic Sensitive to Art & its Discontents Become a Member Open Search Search for: Search Membership Menu MASS MoCA Workers Threaten to Strike Again Over Wages Unionized staffers are asking the museum to increase their pay to “something more livable.” by Rhea Nayyar The Hyperallergic Art Crossword: March 2024 by Natan Last The Medieval Dance Between Greed and God by Natasha Seaman Nonprofit Led by Steve Jobs’s Widow Acquires SF Art Institute for $30M by Rhea Nayyar Long-Lost Gershwin Sheet Music Discovered After Nearly a Century by Maya Pontone Brooklyn Museum and PEN America Accused of “Silence” on Gaza Ceasefire by Maya Pontone Ancient Snake-Shaped Artifact Found in Taiwan Was Part of Shamanic Rituals by Sonja Anderson Sponsored Past Deposits from a Future Yet to Come A new video installation by artists Teresa Hubbard and Alexander Bircher fills an amphitheater at Waterloo Park in Austin, Texas. Art River Garza Shows Us What a True Land Acknowledgment Looks Like The artist’s “landscape” paintings juxtapose imagery from Tongva culture with the architecture that was built over it, asserting an ongoing Indigenous presence. by Joelle E. Mendoza (JEM) Books 8 Art Books to Read This March Meret Oppenheim’s poetry, Pao Houa Her’s first monograph, the journals of Charles Burchfield, subway art around New York City, and more. by Lakshmi Rivera Amin Sponsored Tyler School of Art and Architecture Opens 2024 MFA Thesis Exhibitions Twenty-nine students explore empowerment through the lens of visual and material culture at Temple Contemporary in Philadelphia. Art A Painter Suspended Between Beauty and Waste Something about Phillip Allen’s visual preoccupations speaks to the viewer’s mind and eye, the connections and ruptures between physical and visual sensations. by John Yau News Thousands Sign Petition for Flaco Statue in Central Park The beloved owl who symbolized freedom died last week after colliding with a window on the Upper West Side. by Elaine Velie Sponsored Hartford Art School Celebrates Resident Artist Jonathan Herrera Soto in Solo Exhibition Twice the Legal Minute explores the visual language of accumulation, debris, and neglect. On view at the University of Hartford in Connecticut. Books New Book Explores M.C. Escher’s Lesser-Known Works Previously unpublished pieces from the artist’s oeuvre trace the origins of his unique perspective. by Sarah Rose Sharp News Protesters Call Out Art World’s Silence on Gaza at Frieze LA Fair Organizers pointed to Frieze partner Deutsche Bank’s financial ties to Israel and urged fairgoers to speak up. by Angella d'Avignon Art 8 Art Shows to See in New York This March This month: Huma Bhabha, Paul Cadmus, Kay WalkingStick, Beatrix Potter, and more. by Hakim Bishara, Hrag Vartanian, John Yau and Natalie Haddad Performance Glass House Is a Dance of Drama and Domesticity Performers carried one another the way we shoulder our friends, lovers, and family: sometimes dragging them, sometimes exalting them. by Nereya Otieno Art Dispatches From Inside (and Outside) Frieze LA Take-home bags of dirt and worms, a “Rat Race” on a soccer field, and other surprises broke with the business-as-usual vibe of this year’s fair. by Matt Stromberg Load more posts Loading… Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again. Sponsored Pratt Offers Summer Arts Programs for High School Students Pratt Institute PreCollege provides college-level credit and noncredit learning opportunities on our New York City campuses and online. Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Hyperallergic is a forum for serious, playful, and radical thinking about art in the world today. Founded in 2009, Hyperallergic is headquartered in Brooklyn, New York. Home Latest Podcast Store About Support Us Advertise Contact Us Sign In Membership Newsletters Submissions Careers © 2024 Hyperallergic. Powered by Newspack Privacy Policy