Home - Fresno State By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy I agree. Skip to main content Skip to main navigation Skip to footer content You are in a modal window. Press the escape key to exit. Close Menu Quick Links Calendar Canvas Catalog Directory Email Kennel Bookstore Library Map My Fresno State Technology Service Desk Zoom Conferencing Fresno State Search Menu Close Search Close Menu Fresno State Future Students Current Students Alumni Faculty/Staff Search Quick Links Home About Us Admissions Academics Student Life Research Athletics Give COVID-19 Quick Links Calendar Canvas Catalog Directory Email Kennel Bookstore Library Map My Fresno State Technology Service Desk Zoom Conferencing Fresno State homepage Write your own success story. Pause Video 300,000 Over 300,000 Bulldog alumni have graduated from Fresno State. No. 26 Ranked No. 26 among universities nationwide in Washington Monthly. 80% 80% of Fresno State undergraduate students receive financial aid. Discover Fresno State Academics Fresno State’s eight schools and colleges offer 72 undergraduate, 49 post-baccalaureate and three doctoral degree programs that emphasize hands-on learning experiences designed to prepare you for success after graduation. Explore our academic programs Athletics Show the Valley the strength of the Red Wave by supporting your Bulldogs. See the full schedule Financial Aid The process for the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) has changed! Please review the FAFSA Simplification page for information. The priority deadline to apply is April 2 FAFSA Information My academic journey at Fresno State taught me the skills and confidence to take the initiative and make things happen. Manuela Mendolicchio | class of 2023 Construction in Progress The Central Utility Plant Replacement is underway to modernize and maintain Fresno State’s central utility infrastructure system. Click on the map for construction locations. See map Go Inside Go Outside Gain clinical experience. The 365,000-square-foot library is located at the heart of campus. Gain hands-on experience in campus labs. Meet Fresno State’s furry live mascot, Victor E. Bulldog IV. Get involved on campus at the Resnick Student Union. 18 varsity teams compete in NCAA Division I. Students participate in cultural events on campus. Study endangered species in Panoche Hills. Conduct research with faculty at Morro Bay. Study species at Sequoia National Park. Engage in hands-on learning at the Fresno Chaffee Zoo. Gain rich agricultural experience at the campus farm. Take field trips to the San Joaquin River. Participate in local service opportunities. News and Events Latest News See All News Fresno State to increase skilled cybersecurity professionals in CSU collaboration Fresno State is piloting a program in partnership with California State University, San Bernardino and San Jose State to address a critical shortage of cybersecurity professionals throughout California and the United States. The purpose of the pilot program is to develop an innovative collaboration with key stakeholders and major partners to promote cybersecurity and emerging technology career education pipelines and pathways to develop a skilled workforce. The partnership, named Work Force Innovation Technology Hub, or WITH-Cyber, is funded by $4 million from the state’s Cybersecurity Regional Alliances and Multistakeholder Partnership Pilot Program. The effort is a result of recent changes to the California Education Code via Assembly Bill 569. It is funded through June 2026. Fresno State and San Jose State each received $1 million for the program while the lead campus, San Bernardino, received $2 million. Coming Up See All Events Women's History Month Events 03/01-02 Violin and Viola Festival 03/01-09 Fresno Writer's Live at Rogue Festival 03/01-24 Free Income Tax Preparation 03/01 Art Education Lecture: Simon Colton 03/01 Film Screening: “Marguerite’s Theorem” 03/01 Saxophone Studio Recital 03/04 Cont. Education: Project Management for the Workplace 03/05 Symphonic Band Concert 03/07 Art Education Lecture: Madeline Gannon 03/08 Film Screening: “New Gods Yang Jian” 03/08 Keyboard Concerts: Rafał Blechacz News/Events Sources Fresno State News Fresno State Stories Fresno State Magazine Campus Newsletter Bulldog Blog The Collegian California State University, Fresno 5241 N. Maple Ave. Fresno, CA 93740 P 559.278.4240 Campus Police: 559.278.8400 Accessibility Comment Form COVID-19 Updates Disclaimer Emergencies Opportunities for All Title IX Compliance WSCUC © Fresno State 2024 Fresno State Facebook Fresno State Twitter Fresno State Instagram Fresno State YouTube Fresno State Tiktok Fresno State LinkedIn Donation Back to Top Last Updated Feb 29, 2024