Flights and vacation packages | WestJet official site The browser you are using is not supported. Please see our supported browsers. Close We’ve recently updated our privacy statement. By using the WestJet website, you agree to the website terms of use, the privacy statement, and the use of cookies. Accept Skip to content Search Flights Vacations Offers Sales, deals and offers Vacation Package offers Best of Travel WestJet Rewards offers Manage trips Manage flights Upgrade your seat Email itinerary Receipts Baggage and service fees Manage vacation packages Check in Flight status Rewards Join WestJet Rewards About WestJet Rewards WestJet dollars Tiers and benefits WestJet RBC credit cards Account help Rewards View my account View my transactions Account settings WestJet dollars About WestJet Rewards Tiers and benefits WestJet RBC® credit cards Account help Help Get travel ready Self-serve options Baggage Help Frequently asked questions Travel Advisories Contact us Search Take the Leap Birthday Sale With 7,000,000 seats on sale, it’s time to take the leap and book your next trip. Save now Big savings = big fun Get up to $700 in WestJet dollars.† Start saving Complicated birthday. Easy savings. Celebrate our birthday with a chance to win. Enter now Trip booked? Prepare for travel Prepay for baggage Save money and time at the airport by paying in advance. Get packing Advance seat selection Secure your favorite seat by selecting in advance. Book your seat Self-serve options Learn more about our change/cancel policies, companion vouchers, and more. View FAQs Prepay for baggage Save money and time at the airport by paying in advance. Get packing Advance seat selection Secure your favorite seat by selecting in advance. Book your seat Self-serve options Learn more about our change/cancel policies, companion vouchers, and more. View FAQs Featured Fares Departing from: Abbotsford, BC Brandon, MB Calgary, AB Charlottetown, PE Comox, BC Cranbrook, BC Deer Lake/Corner Brook, NL Edmonton, AB Fort McMurray, AB Fort St. John, BC Grande Prairie, AB Halifax, NS Hamilton, ON Kamloops, BC Kelowna, BC Kitchener/Waterloo, ON Lethbridge, AB Lloydminster, AB London, ON Medicine Hat, AB Moncton, NB Montreal, QC Nanaimo, BC Ottawa, ON Penticton, BC Prince George, BC Quebec City, QC Regina, SK Saskatoon, SK St. John's, NL Terrace, BC Thunder Bay, ON Toronto, ON Vancouver, BC Victoria, BC Whitehorse, YT Windsor, ON Winnipeg, MB Yellowknife, NT ^Total price one-way per guest. See terms and conditions. 24 hours before your flight Get ready for take off Check-in within 24 hours Check-in online for your upcoming flight. Check-in now Flight Status Check the status of your upcoming flight. Enter details Manage your trip Upgrade your seats, manage guest details and more. Manage Trips Check-in within 24 hours Check-in online for your upcoming flight. Check-in now Flight Status Check the status of your upcoming flight. Enter details Manage your trip Upgrade your seats, manage guest details and more. Manage Trips Where will it take them? The possibilities are endless with a WestJet gift card. Buy now First checked bags free With the WestJet RBC® World Elite Mastercard‡, for you and up to 8 guests on the same reservation.† Learn more Reach higher with Status Lift With the WestJet RBC® World Elite Mastercard‡, status is within reach.† Learn more Still have questions? We're here for you Read FAQS Legal, restrictions and terms and conditions Close Legal, restrictions and terms and conditions ^ Flight prices: terms and conditions Prices may not reflect real-time pricing or availability. Prices will be updated at least every two hours. Prices displayed above are subject to change and are not guaranteed until payment is made and accepted. Seasonal start and end dates apply and are indicated in the booking flow. Advertised prices, taxes and fees may fluctuate based on exchange rate. Seats at these fares are limited and may not be available on all flights. New bookings only. Non-refundable. Advance purchase required. Flights may not operate on certain days. All fares shown are one-way. English Antigua Aruba Barbados Bermuda Bonaire Bahamas Belize Canada Costa Rica Cuba Curacao Dominican Republic Spain France United Kingdom Ireland Iceland Italy Jamaica Japan South Korea Cayman Islands St. Lucia Mexico Puerto Rico St. Martin Turks and Caicos Trinidad and Tobago United States English Français We'll redirect you to the home page of the country/region site you choose. Update Contact us Booking Options Business travel Groups and conventions Direct flights Hold the fare Book with a companion voucher Book with WestJet dollars Fares, taxes and fees Car rental﻿ Destinations Before you go Baggage allowance Seat selection Children and family Pets Travelling with health concerns Special needs Travel documents Travel insurance Download/update the app Get travel ready At the airport Lounges Priority services Security screening Parking In the air Food and beverage Entertainment Our aircraft Cabins At your destination Lost and found﻿ Lost luggage Get travel ready WestJet App About WestJet About us History Sponsorship Community Investment Great jobs Our airline partners WestJet RBC® credit cards FAQs Media and news Westjet vacations Featured vacation packages Family vacation packages Why WestJet Vacations? Services WestJet Biz WestJet Cargo Travel agents﻿ Accessibility Legal Tariffs and conditions of carriage Privacy policy Flight interruptions and passenger rights US flight and service disruptions Legal © WestJet. All rights reserved. {external-icon} Indicates external site which may or may not meet accessibility guidelines and/or be translated. ^Flight prices: terms and conditions Prices may not reflect real-time pricing or availability. Prices will be updated at least every two hours. Prices displayed above are subject to change and are not guaranteed until payment is made and accepted. Seasonal start and end dates apply and are indicated in the booking flow. Advertised prices, taxes and fees may fluctuate based on exchange rate. Seats at these fares are limited and may not be available on all flights. New bookings only. Non-refundable. Advance purchase required. Flights may not operate on certain days. All fares shown are one-way. Select the individual offer to learn more about the legal, restrictions and terms and conditions that may be associated. Member Exclusive Fares: terms and conditions †WestJet RBC World Elite Mastercard terms and conditions ^Flight prices: terms and conditions Prices may not reflect real-time pricing or availability. Prices will be updated at least every two hours. Prices displayed above are subject to change and are not guaranteed until payment is made and accepted. Seasonal start and end dates apply and are indicated in the booking flow. Advertised prices, taxes and fees may fluctuate based on exchange rate. Seats at these fares are limited and may not be available on all flights. New bookings only. Non-refundable. Advance purchase required. Flights may not operate on certain days. All fares shown are one-way. Select the individual offer to learn more about the legal, restrictions and terms and conditions that may be associated. Member Exclusive Fares: terms and conditions †WestJet RBC World Elite Mastercard terms and conditions