Indiana University Skip to main content Indiana University Menu Academics Toggle Academics navigation Degrees and Majors Choosing a Major Career Prep Academic Advising and Support Admissions Toggle Admissions navigation Admission Standards How to Apply Transfer to IU Transferring Credit After You've Been Admitted Visit a Campus Cost and Financial Aid Toggle Cost and Financial Aid navigation Tuition and Fees Financial Aid Scholarships and Awards Life at IU Toggle Life at IU navigation Bloomington Indianapolis Columbus East Fort Wayne Kokomo Northwest South Bend Southeast IU Online Make an Impact Toggle Make an Impact navigation Research Opportunities Global Impact Service Alumni About Toggle About navigation IU Leadership IU at a Glance Impact on the Future IU Locations Contact IU Search Search Search Bring on tomorrow At Indiana University, we're focused on building a better future, today. See how we are creating tomorrow Explore stories about Research Artificial Intelligence Healthcare 9 campuses 930+ academic programs 90,000+ students 170 countries represented 770,000+ alumni * Statistics are current as of 2023. Put IU in the picture Use this filter to show us how Indiana University is helping you create a better tomorrow by putting the trident in every pic you snap. Get the filter Pursue your passion or explore the possibilities From nursing to criminal justice, epidemiology to environmental science, social work to cybersecurity, and more than 930 academic programs in between, IU gives you the power to study whatever sparks your interest, with the support of world-class professors and faculty who care about your success. Explore IU academics Find your ideal campus life at IU Each of our nine campuses offers a welcoming, inclusive environment that feels like home, whatever your background, interests, or goals. Whether you want a Big Ten college experience, the dynamic pace of an urban research university, the community feeling of a regional campus close to home, or the flexibility of a fully online degree program, you’ll find it at IU. Explore life at IU See how IU is leading research As one of America’s top research universities, IU is fiercely committed to research and creative activity that improves lives. From the nation’s largest medical school to pioneering research institutes, we’re attracting the brightest minds, discovering the next life-saving solutions, and improving quality of life for Hoosiers and citizens worldwide. Explore IU's research impact Be part of a university that makes a global impact IU is on the front lines of important, life-changing issues and global developments. Our international partnerships reach nearly every region of the world, making it easy to pursue your passions at home or abroad. With an eye on the future, IU faculty, scientists, and researchers are making Indiana—and the world—a better place through their research on groundbreaking projects. Explore IU's global impact I have developed leadership skills, learned how to become an advocate for myself and others, and grown into more of the type of person I have always wanted to be. Undergraduate student IUPUC IU news and events Stay up to date with the latest announcements, news, and information, or find out what’s happening around campus at each IU location and online. All news stories View IU events Mar 5, 2024 Trustees endorse President Whitten’s recommendations to protect Kinsey Institute Mar 5, 2024 UN opportunity through IU is preparing next generation of climate leaders Mar 5, 2024 IU campuses offering variety of eclipse events to enjoy celestial spectacle Explore IU IU Admissions Ready to find out more about the university or get started on your IU application? IU Admissions would love to talk with you about finding the right IU experience. Explore cost, financial aid, and scholarships Find IU tuition and fees and explore financial aid and scholarship options. Download the IU Mobile app The improved IU Mobile app puts more of the tools you need in one place, no matter where you are. Stay updated on important university info, get easy access to IU learning resources, view your class schedule, and more. Start using the IU Mobile app today. Social media Facebook for IU Linkedin for IU Twitter for IU Instagram for IU Youtube for IU Additional resources Indiana University Contact us Give now Have a question? AskIU Services Canvas One.IU Email Exchange About Email at IU Find People Directory Jobs at IU Non-discrimination Notice Library IUCAT OneSearch@IU Resources Diversity IT Services Knowledge Base Protect IU Accessibility Privacy Notice Copyright © 2023 The Trustees of Indiana University