National Education Association | NEA Skip Navigation Menu Close Student Success Your Rights & Workplace Professional Excellence Advocating for Change Join Our Movement Take Action Search nea.org … Search Close Search Suggested Results See All Search About NEA NEA Affiliates Media Center NEA Member Benefits Resource Library NEA Today More NEA Sites EdVotes EdCommunities NEA Foundation Contact Us Great Public Schools Engaged Families & Communities School Health & Safety Recruit & Retain Educators Teacher Quality Student Assessments Fair Pay & Benefits Union & Educator Voice Student Debt Support Inclusive Workplaces Resource Library Just & Equitable Schools Student Engagement Professional Learning Leadership Development Conferences & Events Action Center Racial & Social Justice Funding for Students & Schools Educator Pay & Benefits Every Student Succeeds Act COVID-19: Creating Safe and Just Schools New From NEA Become A Member Become a Community Ally Connect with Us Join a Campaign Donate Our Mission, Vision, & Values Our Leaders Our Members Governance & Policies Partnerships Contact Us Grants & Funding Press Releases All News & Articles Topics NEA Today Magazines We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, provide ads, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. Accept & Close We’re here to make sure that every student & educator succeeds. The National Education Association (NEA) is more than 3 million people—educators, students, activists, workers, parents, neighbors, friends—who believe in opportunity for all students and in the power of public education to transform lives and create a more just and inclusive society. Join us Find your state affiliate Learn more about NEA “All students deserve the freedom to read books as diverse and complex as the world in which they live. As we celebrate NEA's Read Across America, let’s renew our commitment to defend the freedom to read.” Quote by: —Becky Pringle, NEA President Tweet this Find resources for celebrating Read Across America Our best hope for student success is you. Your passion and commitment are crucial to helping all students—of all colors and backgrounds—learn, grow, and fulfill their potential. Here’s how you can get started. Be a voice for each and every student. Expand Students have a right to a safe, welcoming, and affirming learning environment in a school that respects and values them and is free of bias. Learn about issues affecting our students and how you can help students succeed. Advocate for your rights & working conditions. Expand Those who serve our students and communities need the support, resources, and working conditions to excel in their work. The power and influence of the NEA community are here to help you understand your rights and improve your working conditions. Achieve professional excellence and become a leader in your profession. Expand Being an education professional requires passion, dedication, confidence, and resilience. Our community helps educators at all stages in their career become leaders in their profession, in their union, and in their communities. Explore how you can achieve professional excellence and mentor others through leadership development. Advance justice with us. Expand Institutional racism prevents students from getting the opportunities they deserve. See how you can bring racial and social justice into our schools and transform our communities. Are you an affiliate? Jump to updates, opportunities, and resources for NEA state and local affiliates. Grants and funding Tools and trainings New from NEA Our journey began more than a century ago. Yours starts now. We’ve spent decades working for students and educators—but, there’s still more to do. Like our progress during the civil rights and women’s rights movements, we need to dig in and speak up for the students and educators who are still facing inequality every day. Advance racial and social justice in our communities and schools. Create just and equitable schools Stand up for racial and social justice Learn more Safeguard and strengthen public education through collective action, advocacy, and policy change. Visit NEA's Action Center Learn what makes great public schools Enact change through collective bargaining and educator voice Let’s get real A recent survey found that 65 percent of U.S. K-12 public school teachers decided to limit discussions about political and social issues in class. Tweet this Studies demonstrate that high-impact tutoring increases students’ learning by an additional 3 to 15 months across grade levels. Tweet this More than 60 percent of U.S. gun owners favor laws that are shown to reduce gun injuries. Tweet this Let’s bring real change Let’s get real A recent survey found that 65 percent of U.S. K-12 public school teachers decided to limit discussions about political and social issues in class. Tweet this Let’s bring real change “There’s a lot of silent censorship happening, [librarians] saying they won’t buy something because it might violate the law. My school district has tried really hard to preserve students’ rights in the midst of this craziness, but others have erred on the side of caution and taken out way more than they should have. And their explanation is that ‘we don’t know.’” — Mari Butler-Abry, high school librarian, Iowa Read: Why Teachers Self-Censor Studies demonstrate that high-impact tutoring increases students’ learning by an additional 3 to 15 months across grade levels. Tweet this Let’s bring real change “The tutor needs to be a consistent person, and not be some random person showing up every time. Students benefit if they have a chance to build a relationship with that individual. Even from a curriculum standpoint, the tutor knows the pedagogy and the way that curriculum is rolled out, so they can align their instruction and tutoring with what's happening in the classroom.” — Maurice Telesford, Michigan science teacher and NEA Tutoring Advisory Group member Learn more about high-impact tutoring More than 60 percent of U.S. gun owners favor laws that are shown to reduce gun injuries. Tweet this Let’s bring real change “Legislators often act like this is a rocket-science problem that doesn’t have a simple answer to it. But it has a pretty easy answer....If we were to ban assault rifles, we would see the risk of shootings decrease severely, which we did see when the ban on assault rifles did exist,” — Alana Rigby, recent Florida State University graduate Read: Are you safe on campus? What’s on Your Mind? We’re here to help. Our community comes to us seeking tools (guides, reports, trainings, and more) to help answer everyday questions. We’re here to support you in whatever you need. Bullying Collective Bargaining College Affordability COVID-19 Diversity & Inclusion Education Funding English Language Learning Federal Legislation Gun Violence Immigration Mental Health Politics & Campaigns Privatization Racial & Social Justice School Climate Trauma Voting Rights Workplace Conditions Explore All Topics Read the Latest from NEA Today Women's History Month for the Classroom Integrate women's history into your classroom with our list of curated lessons, activities, background reading, and more. Get resources and teaching ideas Stay Informed We'll come to you We're here to help you succeed in your career, advocate for public school students, and stay up to date on the latest education news. Sign up to stay informed Great public schools for every student The National Education Association (NEA), the nation's largest professional employee organization, is committed to advancing the cause of public education. NEA's 3 million members work at every level of education—from pre-school to university graduate programs. NEA has affiliate organizations in every state and in more than 14,000 communities across the United States. About us Partner with us Advertise with us National Education Association 1201 16th Street, NW Washington, DC 20036-3290 Careers Contact Us NEA State Affiliates NEA Councils & Other Organizations Governance & Policies Research & Publications Legal Guidance Resource Library Privacy Policy Terms of Use © Copyright 2024 National Education Association