NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player Open Navigation Menu Newsletters NPR Shop Close Navigation Menu Home News Expand/collapse submenu for News National World Politics Business Health Science Climate Race Culture Expand/collapse submenu for Culture Books Movies Television Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Life Kit Gaming Music Expand/collapse submenu for Music Tiny Desk Hip-Hop 50 All Songs Considered Music Features Live Sessions Podcasts & Shows Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows Daily Morning Edition Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday All Things Considered Fresh Air Up First Featured The NPR Politics Podcast Throughline Trump's Trials Pop Culture Happy Hour More Podcasts & Shows Search Newsletters NPR Shop Tiny Desk Hip-Hop 50 All Songs Considered Music Features Live Sessions About NPR Diversity Organization NPR Network Support Careers Connect Press Ethics NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts Top stories in the U.S. and world news, politics, health, science, business, music, arts and culture. Nonprofit journalism with a mission. This is NPR. A worker sprays insecticide during a fumigation campaign against the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which spreads dengue, in Brasilia. It's one of many strategies being employed to fight an unprecedented outbreak of the virus. Andressa Anholete/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Andressa Anholete/Getty Images Goats and Soda With a million cases of dengue so far this year, Brazil is in a state of emergency Brazil looks to short-term and long-term strategies to fight a disease so painful it's known as "breakbone fever." The outbreak is part of a global wave of dengue triggered in part by climate change. A memorial at the site of the Nova rave, the deadliest single site of the attacks on Oct. 7. A new report by a United Nations team found "reasonable grounds to believe" that rape took place on Oct. 7, including at the site of the rave. Menaham Kahana/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Menaham Kahana/AFP via Getty Images Middle East crisis — explained A U.N. report finds 'reasonable grounds to believe' attacks in Israel included rapes A woman drops her ballot into a ballot box on Monday at the Los Angeles County Registrar in Norwalk, Calif. Frederic J. Brown/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Frederic J. Brown/AFP via Getty Images Elections Super Tuesday: Here's what to expect Recompose The Indicator from Planet Money The growing industry of green burials Sponsor Message The U.S. Supreme Court ruled to restore former President Donald Trump to Colorado's ballot. Catie Dull/NPR hide caption toggle caption Catie Dull/NPR Law A unanimous Supreme Court restores Trump to the Colorado ballot Founded in 1955, the Village Voice stopped publishing print editions in in 2017. Drew Angerer/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Drew Angerer/Getty Images Review Book Reviews This oral history of the 'Village Voice' captures its creativity and rebelliousness Fresh Air People mourn while receiving the bodies of victims of an Israeli strike on Rafah, in southern Gaza, on Saturday, March 2. Ahmad Hasaballah/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Ahmad Hasaballah/Getty Images The Picture Show Photos: U.S. and Jordan conduct airdrop into Gaza as cease-fire talks continue Latest Stories 2 hours ago Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk for more than $128 million in severance 6 hours ago The EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion for hindering music streaming competition 9 hours ago Story has audio A U.N. report finds 'reasonable grounds to believe' attacks in Israel included rapes 10 hours ago With a million cases of dengue so far this year, Brazil is in a state of emergency 10 hours ago FAA audit faults Boeing for 'multiple instances' of quality control shortcomings Navigate backwards Navigate forwards Navigate forwards WatchNavigate previousNavigate next A Texas DPS vehicle sits at the border fence in El Paso on May 11, 2023. Julian Aguilar/The Texas Newsroom hide caption toggle caption Julian Aguilar/The Texas Newsroom U.S. Supreme Court hits pause on Texas' border enforcement law The Texas Newsroom The Supreme Court has put a temporary hold on a federal appeals court decision that would have allowed Texas' controversial immigration-enforcement law to go into effect as early as this weekend. Shimmy Messing's sharing of the alleged details of the incident spawned more people to come forward and share harassment and assault allegations on group chats and LinkedIn. Basak Gurbuz Derman/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Basak Gurbuz Derman/Getty Images Law She was harassed at a tech conference. Now other women are sharing #MeToo moments Fed up with what they see as their industry's tolerance of men's transgressions and predatory behavior, women are telling their stories — in person, in group chats and on LinkedIn. Former senior executives of Twitter filed suit against Elon Musk and X Corp. on Monday, March 4, saying they are entitled to more than $128 million total in unpaid severance payments. Darko Vojinovic/AP hide caption toggle caption Darko Vojinovic/AP Business Former Twitter executives sue Elon Musk for more than $128 million in severance The lawsuit says not paying severance and bills is part of a pattern for Musk. Representatives for Musk and San Francisco-based X did not immediately respond to messages for comment. Credit: James McGrew Environment Capturing Yosemite's gorgeous — and elusive — natural 'firefall' Photographer Evan Russel and fine artist James McGrew set out to capture an elusive natural phenomenon. But as they discovered, nature can be fickle. Boeing workers at the Renton Municipal Airport in Wash. finalize assembly of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 Max jet on Feb. 27, 2024. An FAA audit faulted Boeing for "multiple instances" of quality control shortcomings. Jovelle Tamayo for NPR hide caption toggle caption Jovelle Tamayo for NPR Business FAA audit faults Boeing for 'multiple instances' of quality control shortcomings The findings, part of a six-week audit, by the FAA singled out both Boeing and Spirit AeroSystems in the wake of January's in-flight door plug blowout on an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 Max 9 jet. EU Commission vice president Margrethe Vestager addresses the media about Apple Music streaming services at EU headquarters in Brussels on Monday. Geert Vanden Wijngaert/AP hide caption toggle caption Geert Vanden Wijngaert/AP Business The EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion for hindering music streaming competition Apple muzzled streaming services from telling users about payment options on their websites, which avoids a 30% fee charged when people pay through apps downloaded with the iOS App Store, the EU said. French lawmakers applaud after National Assembly President Yael Braun-Pivet announced the result of the vote during a joint session of parliament in the Palace of Versailles, southwestern of Paris, on Monday, to anchor the right to abortion in the country's constitution. Emmanuel Dunande/Pool/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Emmanuel Dunande/Pool/AFP via Getty Images Europe France makes history by enshrining abortion rights in its constitution French lawmakers passed a bill to enshrine the right to an abortion in the constitution, a historic move prompted by concerns over the rollback of abortion laws in the U.S. France makes history by enshrining abortion rights in its constitution Listen · 3:34 3:34 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1235217454/1235731987" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> WATCH MORE VIDEOS 00:16:43 Jon Batiste Premieres New Music At The Tiny Desk 00:17:00 Karol G: Tiny Desk Concert 00:15:05 Wednesday: Tiny Desk Concert 00:18:36 Butcher Brown: Tiny Desk 00:23:08 Kelela: Tiny Desk Concert 00:21:08 RAYE: Tiny Desk Concert Music Jon Batiste: Tiny Desk Concert The New Orleans showman is up for an Oscar this Sunday night at the Academy Awards. Revisit his 2019 Tiny Desk. Danny Luckman and Aidan Czerniak of Simply Installs Heating & Air Conditioning cut out and remove natural gas lines from a tattoo and piercing shop. To meet climate change goals, Ithaca, N.Y., wants to switch from gas to electric in the city's 6000 buildings. Jeff Brady/NPR hide caption toggle caption Jeff Brady/NPR Climate Getting off fossil fuels is hard, but this city is doing it — building by building Ithaca, N.Y., wants to eliminate greenhouse gasses by 2030 — 20 years faster than the rest of the country. But even in this liberal city meeting climate targets is harder than expected. People stand in line waiting to enter Trader Joe's to buy groceries in Pembroke Pines, Fla., on March 24, 2020. More than 61,000 pounds of steamed chicken soup dumplings sold at Trader Joe's are being recalled for possibly containing hard plastic, U.S. regulators announced Saturday, March 2, 2024. Brynn Anderson/AP hide caption toggle caption Brynn Anderson/AP Business Trader Joe's recalls its chicken soup dumplings for possibly having marker plastics The company recalled more than 60,000 pounds of the soup. Customers who received an impacted product should throw them out or return them to a Trader Joe's location for a full refund. LA Johnson/NPR Student Podcast Challenge Here are our 10 best college podcasts in America In its third year, NPR's College Podcast challenge received more than 500 entries from all around the U.S. We've listened to them all and narrowed it down to 10 finalists. Andrés Alberto / Radio Ambulante NPR Oye My grandmother became a meme and it's kind of my fault Ana María Rodríguez is an 85-year-old Uruguayan grandmother whose face has been circulating online for 10 years without anyone being able to stop it. My grandmother became a meme and it's kind of my fault 34:48 Toggle more options Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1234679224/1235248000" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Iowa guard Caitlin Clark (22) celebrates after becoming the all-time leading scorer in NCAA Division I basketball during the first half of a college game against Ohio State, Sunday, March 3, 2024, in Iowa City, Iowa. Cliff Jette/AP hide caption toggle caption Cliff Jette/AP Sports Caitlin Clark passes Pete Maravich to set the all-time NCAA scoring record Another game, another record for the Iowa superstar. Clark will end her college career with the record for most points by a Division I player — men's or women's. A plant-based diet is not just good for your health, it's good for the planet. Alexander Spatari/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Alexander Spatari/Getty Images Shots - Health News This diet swap can cut your carbon footprint and boost longevity A new study finds swapping half of your typical red meat intake for plant protein reduces your diet-related carbon footprint by 25% and may also your boost lifespan. Will Shortz at home in Pleasantville, N.Y. Tsering Bista/NPR hide caption toggle caption Tsering Bista/NPR Culture NPR puzzlemaster Will Shortz says he is recovering from a stroke Shortz, who has been absent from NPR's Sunday Puzzle in recent weeks, announced that his absence was due to a stroke in early February. Peacocks show off their iridescent blue and green feathers to attract potential mates. Courtesy Amy Larsen hide caption toggle caption Courtesy Amy Larsen From KUER Roaming peacocks have brightened this Salt Lake City neighborhood for 80 years KUER The peafowl first were brought to Poplar Grove in the 1940s by a local florist. Now the ostentatious birds draw visitors hoping to catch a glimpse of the flock. Opill is the first birth control pill available over the counter in the United States. Perrigo Company plc hide caption toggle caption Perrigo Company plc Shots - Health News The first over-the-counter birth control pill heads to stores Women will be able to buy the pill without a prescription later this month at pharmacies and grocery stores. The entrance hall to the HBCU Legacy Bowl's career fair at The Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in downtown New Orleans on Feb. 22. The fair hosted more than 90 businesses over two days before the all-star game. Joseph King/Gulf States Newsroom hide caption toggle caption Joseph King/Gulf States Newsroom HBCU Legacy Bowl is more than a game. It also prepares students for life after sports Gulf States Newsroom The HBCU Legacy Bowl showcases the best NFL draft-eligible athletes from historically black colleges and universities. This year is also included a career fair. This building in Rafah, in southern Gaza, was destroyed by Israeli bombardment in December. amid continuing battles between Israel and Hamas. Mahmud Hams/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Mahmud Hams/AFP via Getty Images Goats and Soda Even with a cease-fire, thousands of Gazans likely would die in the next six months A team of researchers tried something that's never been done as a conflict rages. Instead of trying to calculate the toll of war in the moment, they looked forward. What's the reaction to their study? Inmates gather inside the National Penitentiary in downtown Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Sunday, March 3, 2024. Odelyn Joseph/AP hide caption toggle caption Odelyn Joseph/AP World Haiti declares a curfew as it tries to restore order after weekend jailbreaks Haiti's government declared a state of emergency and curfew Sunday in a bid to regain control after violence over the weekend saw armed gang members storm the country's two biggest prisons. Joyce Slocum Texas Public Radio hide caption toggle caption Texas Public Radio Media Joyce Slocum, Texas Public Radio president and former NPR CEO, dies at 66 KSTX News Before Slocum came to Texas Public Radio in 2014, she served as interim CEO of NPR for nine months in 2011 and 2012. Psychologist Redah Hussin leads an art therapy class for Bedouin children. Between an uptick in settler violence and the war in Gaza, Palestinians are dealing with multiple mental health stressors. Ayman Oghanna for NPR hide caption toggle caption Ayman Oghanna for NPR Middle East crisis — explained War in Gaza and settler violence is taking its toll on mental health in the West Bank A mobile medical clinic offering mental health care has sought to help Palestinians dealing with war-related anxiety, especially vulnerable communities, such as Bedouin tribes. Ezra Croft from North Carolina saw his annual homeowners' insurance surge to $1,600, a $700 increase. Many others across the country are also seeing surging auto and home insurance premiums. Courtesy of Ezra Croft hide caption toggle caption Courtesy of Ezra Croft Business 'Everything is rising at a scary rate': Why car and home insurance costs are surging The cost of auto and home insurance is rising much faster than overall inflation, thanks in part to a string of billion-dollar storms. A growing number of people are going without insurance. 'Everything is rising at a scary rate': Why car and home insurance costs are surging Listen · 4:15 4:15 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1233963377/1235305972" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Afqir Itto lives in the valley of Ait Hamza in the Middle Atlas Mountains of Morocco. Ait Hamza is known for its sheep, whose wool is used by the women weavers of Itto's cooperative. Rajaâ Khenoussi for NPR hide caption toggle caption Rajaâ Khenoussi for NPR Goats and Soda Photos: What it's like to be 72 — the faces (and wisdom) behind the age We live in a rapidly aging world. A new global photography project captures the lives behind the statistics by documenting the lives of 72-year-olds — the world's median life expectancy today. This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Timothee Chalamet, foreground left, and Austin Butler in a scene from Dune: Part Two. Niko Tavernise/AP hide caption toggle caption Niko Tavernise/AP Movies 'Dune: Part Two' brings spice power to the box office with $81.5 million debut Armed with sandworms and big screen spectacle, the science fiction epic stormed the North American box office this weekend earning $81.5 million in ticket sales, according to studio estimates Sunday. more from news culture music Read & Listen Home News Culture Music Podcasts & Shows Connect Newsletters Facebook Instagram Press Public Editor Corrections Contact & Help About NPR Overview Diversity NPR Network Accessibility Ethics Finances Get Involved Support Public Radio Sponsor NPR NPR Careers NPR Shop NPR Events NPR Extra Terms of Use Privacy Your Privacy Choices Text Only Sponsor MessageBecome an NPR sponsor