Homepage - Mayo Clinic News Network Skip to Content Appointments English Español العربية 简体中文 Português Br Journalist Pass News Network News Network Home News Releases Newsroom Arizona Minnesota Florida International Topics Cancer Cardiovascular Children’s Center Consumer Health COVID-19 Gastroenterology Health & Wellness Infectious Diseases Mayo Clinic Minute Medical Innovation Mayo Clinic Q & A Mayo Clinic Q&A Podcast Neurosciences Orthopedics/Sports Research Science Saturday Sharing Mayo Clinic Transplant Archive About Toggle navigation Search FEATURED NEWS Mayo Clinic Minute: Why Black Americans are at higher risk of chronic kidney disease Chronic kidney disease is a condition where your kidneys lose their ability to filter waste and fluid from your blood. This can lead to serious health[...] By Deb Balzer • March 5, 2024 8 common questions new parents ask about vitamin K Vitamin K is a nutrient that helps blood clot or stop bleeding. Most adults get vitamin K from their food. Bacteria in the large intestines[...] By Mayo Clinic Staff • March 5, 2024 Understanding lucid episodes in dementia A recent Mayo Clinic study published in Alzheimer's & Dementia: The Journal of the Alzheimer's Association investigated lucid episodes in people living with later stages of dementia, providing insights into how these occurrences reveal themselves. By Vincent Jacobbi • March 4, 2024 Mayo Clinic Minute: Diet and heart disease in the Black community Cardiovascular disease kills more Americans than any other condition. However, African Americans are at a greater risk for heart disease and stroke than any other[...] By Sonya Goins • March 4, 2024 Returning to sports after an acoustic neuroma Tyler Theobald was playing basketball when the dizziness started. Some might argue that lightheadedness during exercise comes from overexertion, but Tyler knew something was wrong[...] By Tia R. Ford • March 3, 2024 LATEST NEWS Type 2 diabetes no longer a barrier to becoming a living kidney donor ROCHESTER, Minn. — People who are overall healthy and living with well-controlled Type 2 diabetes can donate a kidney, thanks to a change in national[...] By Heather Carlson Kehren • February 29, 2024 Peripheral artery system at risk of disease due to family history, lifestyle Eau Claire, Wis. — Most people have heard of heart attacks occurring because of a blocked coronary artery. But the body has two types of[...] By amandadyslin • February 29, 2024 A promise delivered: A new heart for a new mom A challenge from the beginning Promise Garell grew up with a congenital heart defect. She was born with transposition of the great arteries, where her[...] By Tia R. Ford • February 29, 2024 Mayo Clinic ranked No. 1 ‘World’s Best Hospital’ by Newsweek for sixth straight year ROCHESTER, Minn. — Mayo Clinic in Rochester was named the No. 1 hospital in Newsweek's list of the "World's Best Hospitals" for the sixth straight[...] By akalmanovitz • February 28, 2024 Mayo Clinic’s strong performance in 2023 ignites healthcare transformation ROCHESTER, Minn. — Fueled by strong performance across all activities in 2023, Mayo Clinic achieved remarkable progress toward its goal of transforming healthcare for people[...] By Mayo Clinic Staff • February 28, 2024 Advancing rare disease breakthroughs with genomics, AI and innovation From the forefront of medical research to the front lines of patient care, scientists and clinicians at the Mayo Clinic Center for Individualized Medicine are[...] By Susan Murphy • February 28, 2024 Mayo Clinic Minute: Do tweens need a skincare routine? Filming and uploading each step of your daytime or nighttime skincare routine is all the rage on social media. And it's especially popular among young[...] By DeeDee Stiepan • February 27, 2024 Study shows daylight saving time has minimal effect on heart health ROCHESTER, Minn. — A recent Mayo Clinic study examining the effects of daylight saving time (DST) on heart health suggests that the impact is likely[...] By Vincent Jacobbi • February 27, 2024 View More News Stories Media Kit and updates EDITOR'S CHOICE Mayo Clinic Minute: Why Black Americans are at higher risk of chronic kidney disease Chronic kidney disease is a condition where your kidneys lose their ability to filter waste and fluid from your blood. This can lead to serious health[...] By Deb Balzer • March 5, 2024 Mayo Clinic Minute: Diet and heart disease in the Black community Cardiovascular disease kills more Americans than any other condition. However, African Americans are at a greater risk for heart disease and stroke than any other[...] By Sonya Goins • March 4, 2024 Mayo Clinic: The link between HPV and throat cancer Editor's note: March 4 is World HPV Awareness Day There are more than 100 strains of HPV. Some types of the virus can cause cancer.[...] By Deb Balzer • March 1, 2024 Cancer is tough. Evelyn Owens is tougher Evelyn Owens' brave battle with cancer is capturing the hearts of everyone around her. At only 6 years old, Evelyn was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a[...] By Marty Velasco Hames • February 26, 2024 Mayo Clinic Minute: Expanding the living kidney donor pool to those with Type 2 diabetes With more than 90,000 people in the U.S. awaiting kidney transplants, the demand exceeds the available supply — emphasizing the critical importance of identifying safe[...] By Deb Balzer • February 29, 2024 Norovirus: What to know and how to avoid it If you've been bit by a stomach bug lately, you're not alone. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is reporting significant norovirus activity[...] By Deb Balzer • February 27, 2024 SPECIAL TOPICS Cancer Cardiovascular Gastroenterology International Orthopedics/Sports Medical Innovation Neurosciences Transplant Sign up For Journalists Only Sign up for a Journalist Pass Mayo Clinic Connect An online patient support community About the News Network Newsbureau@mayo.edu News Releases Cancer Cardiovascular Gastroenterology Neurosciences Transplant Research Mayo Clinic Minute Podcasts Healthy Living Orthopedics/Sports Children's Center Topics Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Manage Cookies © . Mayo Clinic News Network. All Rights Reserved. Loading... Loading...