NASA Exoplanet Archive NASA Exoplanet Archive A service of NASA Exoplanet Science Institute Home About Us Overview Holdings Exoplanet Counts User Panel FAQ Acknowledgements Privacy Notice Data Planetary Systems Planetary Systems Planetary Systems Composite Data Stellar Hosts Atmospheric Spectroscopy Microlensing Planets Direct Imaging Planets Transiting Planets Kepler KOI (Cumulative List) KOI (All Lists) Positional Probabilities False Positive Probabilities Certified False Positives Threshold-Crossing Events Completeness and Reliability Simulated Data Kepler Stellar Kepler Confirmed Names Transit Surveys TESS Project Candidates K2 Targets K2 Planets and Candidates K2 Confirmed Names CoRot Astero-Seismology CoRoT Exoplanet SuperWASP Light Curves KELT Light Curves KELT Praeseppe XO HATNet Cluster TrES Other UKIRT Microlensing Survey MOA Microlensing Survey Gliese-Jahreiss Stars HWO ExEP Precursor Science Stars Mission Stars Mission Stars+ExoCat FDL PyATMOS Model Atmospheres ASTERIA Mission Contributed Data Sets Interactive Tables Search and File Upload Full table display Database search Tools Explore the Archive Interactive Table Search and File Upload Transit and Ephemeris Service Predicted Observables for Exoplanets (POE) Periodogram Confirmed Planets Plotting Tool EXOFAST: Transit and RV Fitting Table Access Protocol (TAP) Interface Application Programming Interface (API) Bulk Data Download ExoFOP Pre-generated Plots Support Documentation Index Kepler Documentation Social Media and Newsletter Contact Us - 5,587 Confirmed Planets 02/21/2024 420 TESS Confirmed Planets 02/21/2024 7,071 TESS Project Candidates 02/16/2024 View more Planet and Candidate statistics Explore the Archive Search Advanced Search Optional Radius (arcsec) Transit Surveys 130,041,578 Light Curves Launched in April 2018, TESS is surveying the sky for two years to find transiting exoplanets around the brightest stars near Earth. Confirmed Planets ExoFOP-TESS Project Candidates Community Candidates The first space mission to search for Earth-sized and smaller planets in the habitable zone of other stars in our neighborhood of the galaxy. Search Stellar Data Objects of Interest (KOI) Threshold-Crossing Events Documentation Completeness and Reliability Products API Queries K2 was a continuation of Kepler's exoplanet discoveries and an expansion into new and exciting astrophysical observations. Targets Planets and Candidates Confirmed Names Documentation Confirmed Planet Naming Policy API Queries KELT surveys transiting exoplanets around bright stars. We have > 6 million light curves spanning the northern and southern hemispheres. Search KELT Data Set Bulk Download Documentation The release of the 2015–2019 UKIRT microlensing survey data contains over 66 million targets. Search UKIRT Data Set Bulk Download Documentation Coverage Maps and Magnitude Ranges TESS Kepler K2 KELT UKIRT Know Thy Star: The New Stellar Hosts Table February 29, 2024 • New Service Our newest interactive table, Stellar Hosts, provides a single access point to all stellar parameters of stars in systems with confirmed planets that are in the Exoplanet Archive. Learn more! Exoplanet Data by the Numbers February 23, 2024 • New Data This week's update has some impressive numbers related to new planets, improved ephemerides, and new parameter sets. Plus, we have a new JWST spectrum! Learn more! Multi-Spectra Plotting Is Now Available! February 8, 2024 • New Feature We've added two planets and updated the Atmospheric Spectroscopy table to allow overplotting of multiple spectra. Learn more! Spectra for Two super-Earths! January 25, 2024 • New Data We've added three new planets and spectra for 12 planets! Some of the new spectra are from JWST and rule out the probability of large, thick atmospheres for two super-Earths. Learn more! Exoplanet Mass vs. Period More Plots Kepler Candidate Equilibrium Temperature More Plots Cumulative Exoplanet Detections by Discovery Year More Plots Confirmed Planets and Kepler Candidates More Plots News 1 2 3 4 Plots 1 2 3 4 Tools & Services Build a Query (TAP) Build a Query (API) Transit and Ephemeris Service Periodogram EXOFAST: Transit and RV Fitting Predicted Observablesfor Exoplanets (POE) Work with Data Planetary Systems Planetary SystemsComposite Data Atmospheric Spectroscopy HWO ExEP Precursor Science Stars Transiting Planets ExoFOP Microlensing Planets Stellar Hosts FAQ Documentation Videos Contact Us Acknowledging the Archive Privacy Policy Image Use Policy NASA Exoplanet Archive is operated by the California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under the Exoplanet Exploration Program.