Search 2.5 million pages of mathematics and statistics articles Sign In Help Email Password Forgot your password? Show Remember Email on this computer Remember Password Please wait... No Project Euclid account? Create an account or Sign in with your institutional credentials We can help you reset your password using the email address linked to your Project Euclid account. Email Registered users receive a variety of benefits including the ability to customize email alerts, create favorite journals list, and save searches. Please note that a Project Euclid web account does not automatically grant access to full-text content. An institutional or society member subscription is required to view non-Open Access content. Contact customer_support@projecteuclid.org with any questions. View Project Euclid Privacy Policy All Fields are Required * First Name * Last/Family Name * Email * Password Password Requirements: Minimum 8 characters, must include as least one uppercase, one lowercase letter, and one number or permitted symbol Valid Symbols for password: ~ Tilde ! Exclamation Mark @ At sign $ Dollar sign ^ Caret ( Opening Parenthesis ) Closing Parenthesis _ Underscore . Period * Confirm Password Please wait... Web Account created successfully Browse Titles Publishers Subjects Resources Subscription and Access Library Resources Publisher Tools Researcher Resources About About Project Euclid Advisory Board News & Events Policies Advanced Search Search 2.5 million pages of mathematics and statistics articles Advanced Search For Researchers Read new and archival journals, books, and proceedings on a platform designed for mathematicians and statisticians. Browse Titles For Librarians Find distinguished literature from dozens of nonprofit and university publishers in a powerful and friendly interface. Subscriptions and Access For Publishers Sustain your independence and strengthen dissemination with our nonprofit, advanced hosting platform and aggregation. News & Info About Us Project Euclid provides a platform for independent and small publishers of mathematics and statistics to continue contributing vital scholarship in these disciplines in a cost-effective way. It hosts over 100 publications from around the world, including some of the most distinguished in their fields. Created by Cornell University Library in 2000 and now managed by Duke University Press, Project Euclid supports independent publishing and strives to resist the consolidation and commercialization of scholarly communications. Who we are 2024 pricing now available for Euclid Prime Euclid Prime, a collection of 30+ high-impact titles, has announced 2024 pricing for libraries and other institutions. The collection includes term access to archival content from an additional 18 titles. For more information, visit Euclid Prime at Duke University Press. Featured Journal Advanced Studies: Euro-Tbilisi Mathematical Journal is the continuation of the Tbilisi Mathematical Journal founded in 2008. Under this new name the journal was relaunched in September 2021 to reflect the increase of its standards and broadening of its coverage. It is a fully refereed mathematical journal accepting original, high-quality research papers in all areas of pure and applied mathematics. It belongs to the Tbilisi Centre for Mathematical Sciences, and it is supported by the Georgian National Academy of Sciences and the European Mathematical Society. High-quality submissions in all areas of pure and applied mathematics are strongly invited. Michigan Mathematical Journal: Special Volume in Honor of Gopal Prasad The Michigan Mathematical Journal is pleased to announce a special volume honoring Gopal Prasad, its former managing editor (1998-2011) on the occasion of his 75th birthday. Read the special issue. Featured articles MATHEMATICS Delocalization of eigenvectors of random matrices with independent entries (Duke Mathematical Journal) Relative algebro-geometric stabilities of toric manifolds (Tohoku Mathematical Journal) STATISTICS & PROBABLITY Multivariate Adaptive Regression Splines (Annals of Statistics) Instrumental Variables: An Econometrician’s Perspective (Statistical Science) APPLIED MATHEMATICS Analysis of persistent nonstationary time series and applications (Communications in Applied Mathematics and Computational Science) Euler's Elastica and Beyond (Journal of Geometry and Symmetry in Physics) COMPUTER SCIENCE Recursive Least Squares with Linear Constraints (Communications in Information & Systems) LOGIC Multiset theory. (Notre Dame Journal of Formal Logic) The axiom of elementary sets on the edge of Peircean expressibility (Journal of Symbolic Logic) MATHEMATICAL PHYSICS Jacobi stability analysis of dynamical systems—applications in gravitation and cosmology (Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics) Quick Links Browse Search About Accessibility Sign in Information for Librarians Manage my account Subscriptions and Access Librarian tools More Help Information for Publishers Manage my account Contact & Support Business Office 905 W. Main Street Suite 18B Durham, NC 27701 USA Help | Contact Us Connect Privacy Policy © 2023 Project Euclid Browse Titles Publishers Subjects Resources Subscription and Access Library Resources Publisher Tools Researcher Resources About About Project Euclid Advisory Board News & Events Policies Help | Advanced Search KEYWORDS/PHRASES Keywords in All Fields Abstract Author Name Affiliation DOI/ISSN/ISBN Figure & Table Captions Keywords Title Remove AND OR NOT in All Fields Abstract Author Name Affiliation DOI/ISSN/ISBN Figure & Table Captions Keywords Title Remove AND OR NOT in All Fields Abstract Author Name Affiliation DOI/ISSN/ISBN Figure & Table Captions Keywords Title Remove + Add another field PUBLICATION TITLE: All Titles Choose Title(s) Select a title PUBLICATION YEARS Range Single Year Clear Form