Wisconsin Horticulture – Division of Extension Skip to content Wisconsin Horticulture Division of Extension Menu Topics Deciduous Trees & Shrubs Selection Planting, Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Evergreen Trees & Shrubs Selection Planting, Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Herbaceous Ornamentals Annuals Selection Perennials Selection Native & Naturalized – Selection Planting, Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Tree Fruits Selection Planting, Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Small Fruits Selection Planting, Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Vegetables Site Selection & Preparation Selecting & Planting Care & Maintenance Diseases & Disorders Insects Harvest Other Lawns Care & Maintenance Establishment Diseases & Disorders Insects Other Weeds & Invasive Plants Weed Identification Weed Control Other Important Topics Houseplants Soils, Amendments & Fertilizers Wildlife Pollinators Upcoming Programs Calendar of Events 2024 Garden and Landscape Q&A Series Free Online Gardening Programs Growing and Caring for Plants in Wisconsin: Foundations in Gardening Plant Diagnostics: The Step-by-Step Approach to Identifying Plant Problems Videos About Impacts Resources Soil Testing General Plant Disease Diagnostics Insect Identification Pollinators Turfgrass Disease Diagnostics Commercial Fruit Production Commercial Vegetable Pathology Commercial Vegetable Crop Entomology Weeds and Invasive Plants Master Gardener Program Ask Your Gardening Question Search Search for: Search for: Deciduous Trees & Shrubs Evergreen Trees & Shrubs Herbaceous Ornamentals Tree Fruits Small Fruits Vegetables Lawns Weeds & Invasive Plants 2024 Q&A Series: Gardening and Landscape Questions Register for the upcoming Q&A series to get all of your questions answered! Learn more and register Growing and Caring for Plants in Wisconsin: Foundations in Gardening Registration for the Fall 2024 course begins July 15, 2024! In the meantime, stay informed about all our offerings, including announcements about this course. Join our mailing list to receive reminders about courses, webinars, and more! Join our mailing list Growing and Caring for Plants in Wisconsin: Foundations in Gardening is an online introductory course where you learn key concepts for selecting, growing, and maintaining plants – from trees to houseplants to vegetables and everything in between! New to Gardening? Gardening and learning to grow your own food provides many benefits, but we know it can be a bit intimidating when first starting out. Check out our New Gardener Resources to get your Wisconsin garden started quickly and easily. Latest Horticulture News Bypassing Plant Pathogens: Promoting Tree and Shrub Health Through Proper PruningAlthough it doesn’t seem like the optimal time to be gardening, February is actually a great time to be out pruning your trees and shrubs to make them more structurally sound and aesthetically pleasing. Why prune now? Whenever you prune, you create wounds that potentially can serve as entry points for disease-causing fungi and bacteria. Wintertime is a great time to look for galls on treesWith no leaves to block our view, winter allows us to see trunk and branch structure more clearly. We also sometimes see unusual growths, or galls, on tree trunks and branches. There are a variety of different causes, depending on the tree species. Avoiding Winter Salt Injury on your Landscape Plants Winter is here! Snow and ice on driveways and sidewalks need to be removed with each snow or ice storm that arrives. Are you looking for salt alternatives for your driveway or sidewalk? Do you want to learn more about salt tolerant landscape plants? Check out Horticulture News Posts from earlier in the season! Timely Articles for Winter Gardens Maintaining Your Festive HouseplantsBy: Janell Wehr, Horticulture Outreach Specialist Festive houseplants are common gifts in winter. In this video, learn how to keep a poinsettia, Christmas cactus, Norfolk Island Pine and other favorite gift plants thriving. Common gift plants are usually native to tropical locations around the world, in particular Norfolk Island Pines, holiday cactus, and poinsettias. Using […] Maintaining Lawn and Garden ToolsWhen it comes to digging in the garden or pruning trees and shrubs, having high quality tools that are cleaned, lubricated, sharpened and otherwise properly maintained, makes any outdoor job simpler and more efficient. Learn how to maintain your garden tools in this useful factsheet. January 2021: Saying Bye-Bye to Boxwood Blight: Proper Disposable of Holiday WreathsHoliday decorations containing boxwood foliage can be a source of disease for boxwoods in our landscapes. Learn more in this article. African VioletsAmy Gibbs* and Brian Hudelson, UW-Madison Plant PathologyRevised: 4/26/2010Item number: XHT1034 What are African violets? African violets (Saintpaulia spp.) are popular flowering houseplants in the Gesneriad family (Gesneriaceae), native to Tanzania in East Africa. Their compact forms make them ideal for use on tabletops, windowsills, and hanging baskets. There are many varieties of African violets, […] Forcing BulbsMany plants grown from mbulbs can be forced to bloom indoors during the winter. Learn how to choose, plant, and provide the right conditions to enjjoy spring-flowering blooms indoors while its still winter outside. Seed StartingStarting your garden from seeds might be easier than you think. Check out this article to get practical tips on starting your plants from seeds. Fungus Gnats on HouseplantsFungus gnats (Family Sciaridae) are insects commonly associated with overwatered houseplants. They can become a nuisance when they are present in large numbers and fly around inside a home. In most situations, fungus gnats are a cosmetic problem. However, on occasion, fungus gnat larvae can cause plant damage. Planning and Designing Your Home LandscapeThis publication explores landscape planning: putting the plan on paper; selecting, placing, and planting trees and shrubs; and maintaining the home grounds. Winter Salt Injury and Salt-tolerant Landscape PlantsLearn to recognize and prevent plant damage caused by deicing salts. Learn about alternatives to rock salt and which plants are salt-tolerant. Houseplant CareAmy Gibbs* and Brian Hudelson, UW-Madison Plant Pathology Revised: 5/11/2010 Item number: XHT1033 Where do I put my houseplant in my home? Two of the most important factors in placing a houseplant in your home are light and temperature. Know both the light requirements of your plant and the sources of light in your home […] Pruning Deciduous ShrubsPruning controls the size of shrubs, directs growth, influences flowering, and restores plant health and appearance. Learn pruning techniques in this factsheet. Common Spiders In and Around the HomeW.L. Gojmerac Revised: 1/24/2012 Item number: A2135 Approximately 1000 species of spiders are found in this country, living almost anywhere. Learn about the dangers and problems and control of some spiders. Division of Extension Connecting people with the University of Wisconsin Agriculture Community Development Health & Well-Being Families & Finances Natural Resources Positive Youth Development Find us on Facebook Facebook Wisconsin Horticulture on FacebookEmail Us University of Wisconsin-Madison | Explore Extension: Agriculture Community Development Families & Finances Health Natural Resources Youth Connect With Us Support Extension Extension Home We teach, learn, lead and serve, connecting people with the University of Wisconsin, and engaging with them in transforming lives and communities. Explore Extension » County Offices Connect with your County Extension Office » Staff Directory Find an Extension employee in our staff directory » Social Media Get the latest news and updates on Extension's work around the state Facebook Twitter Facebook Twitter Search all sites Feedback, questions or accessibility issues: info@extension.wisc.edu | © 2024 The Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System Privacy Policy | Non-Discrimination Policy & How to File a Complaint | Disability Accommodation Requests An EEO/AA employer, University of Wisconsin-Madison Division of Extension provides equal opportunities in employment and programming, including Title VI, Title IX, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act requirements.