Home Page | Hudson Skip to main content Home Topics Caption Pedestrians walks past destroyed Russian military vehicles blanketed in snow in front of Saint Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery in downtown Kyiv on November 22, 2023. (Roman Pilpey/AFP via Getty Images) Politics and Government It’s Not Just a Ukraine-Aid Bill, It’s a National-Security Bill—and Republicans Should Pass It Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Senior Fellow and Director, Keystone Defense Initiative Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Feb 11, 2024 Commentary 3 Min Read National Security & Defense Foreign Policy Economics Energy Human Rights Domestic Policy Technology Trade View All Open Submenu Regions Caption Two Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps armed military personnel are monitoring an area while standing guard next to an Iranian Majid anti-aircraft missile system during the Ela Beit Al-Moghaddas military rally in Tehran, Iran, on November 24, 2023. (Morteza Nikoubazl/NurPhoto via Getty Images) Defense Strategy It’s Time to Strike Back at Iran Michael R. Pompeo Distinguished Fellow Mike Pence Forty-Eighth Vice President of the United States Michael R. Pompeo & Mike Pence Feb 8, 2024 Commentary 1 Min Read Indo-Pacific Middle East Europe & Central Asia South Asia Africa Americas Open Submenu Policy Centers Caption (Screenshot via You Tube) Regulation How Biden’s LNG Export Ban Threatens America’s Energy and Economic Security Brigham McCown Senior Fellow and Director, Initiative on American Energy Security Brigham McCown Feb 6, 2024 Testimony 1 Min Read Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Center on Europe and Eurasia China Center Initiative on American Energy Security Japan Chair View All Open Submenu Research & Analysis Caption (Screenshot via Fox News) Security Alliances Confronting the Interconnected Threat from Russia and China Jonathan Ward Senior Fellow Jonathan Ward Feb 15, 2024 In the Media Commentary Reports Testimony In the Media Podcasts Open Submenu Events Caption Hong Kong media tycoon and Apple Daily founder Jimmy Lai is escorted by the police to the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club Shelter Cove Clubhouse for evidence collection as part of the ongoing investigations on August 11, 2020, in Hong Kong, China. (Anthony Kwan via Getty Images) Event The Repression of Hong Kong and Heroism of Jimmy Lai William McGurn Frances Hui Nina Shea Feb 13, 2024 event Events Open Submenu Experts About About Hudson Institute Hudson Institute Hudson Institute Jan 1, 2023 In the Media History Leadership Board of Trustees Staff For the Media Careers & Internships Contact Us Open Submenu Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Open Main Menu Subscribe Subscribe Donate Search Popular in search Global Economy Introduction to World Economic Development Herman Kahn Founder, Hudson Institute Herman Kahn Jan 1, 1979 Reports 4 Min Read Virtual Event Mar 5, 2024 When Deterrence Fails: The Iranian Proxy Threat in the Middle East Online Only Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Caption (Getty Images) Defense Strategy US Emergency Communications Are Vulnerable Richard Weitz Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Political-Military Analysis Richard Weitz Commentary 4 Min Read China Insider Podcast | Chinese Crossings at US Border Spike, Two Sessions, and Electric Vehicle Probes Miles Yu Senior Fellow and Director, China Center Miles Yu Podcast Caption (What Really Matters Logo) Security Alliances The Great MacGuffin and the Quest for the Holy Grail Walter Russell Mead Ravenel B. Curry III Distinguished Fellow in Strategy and Statesmanship Walter Russell Mead Podcast 1 Min Read Caption Thousands of Houthi supporters gather at Sebin Square to stage a solidarity demonstration with Palestinians and protest against the Israeli attacks on Gaza on February 9, 2024, in Sanaa, Yemen. (Mohammed Hamoud via Getty Images) To End Houthi Terror, Enforce Iran Sanctions Ezra Cohen Adjunct Fellow Ezra Cohen Podcast Caption Ukrainian soldiers of a tank unit continue their military mobility to prepare for combat as the Russia-Ukraine War continues after the second year anniversary in Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine, on March 1, 2024. (Jose Colon via Getty Images) Defense Strategy Ukraine-Aid Debate Can Be Solved with Commonsense Approach of Giving the Country Loans Instead Michael R. Pompeo Distinguished Fellow Michael R. Pompeo Commentary 4 Min Read Caption A joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Swedish Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson on March 8, 2023. (NATO via Flickr) Sweden’s NATO Admission Is Great News for European Security Luke Coffey Senior Fellow Luke Coffey Commentary The Importance of US Aid to Ukraine 01 Resource Guide: US National Security and Aid to Ukraine 02 H.R. McMaster Statement on Ukraine 03 Helping Ukraine Is Forcing the United States to Produce More Weapons TopicsRegions View More National Security and DefenseForeign PolicyTechnologyEconomicsEnergyHuman Rights Middle EastUkraineEuropeIndo-PacificChina National Security and Defense Using Unmanned Tech to Hedge for the Future Bryan Clark Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Bryan Clark Podcast 1 Min Read Caption The Israeli flag flies in front of the Lviv Regional State Administration building as a sign of solidarity with the Israeli people on October 13, 2023, in Lviv, Ukraine. (Photo by Les Kasyanov/Global Images Ukraine via Getty Images) Event Aiding America’s Frontline Allies: The View from Israel and Ukraine with Secretary Mike Pompeo Michael Pompeo Michael Doran Mar 07, 2024 event Caption Gen. Hiroaki Uchikura, chief of staff of the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, and Chief of Space Operations Gen. Chance Saltzman participate in an Honor Guard ceremony at the Ministry of Defense in Tokyo Japan on September 25, 2023. (US Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Stephanie Serrano) Event Growing Expectations for the US-Japan Alliance Shigeru Kitamura Brigadier General James Wellons Sugio Takahashi Kenneth Weinstein Mar 07, 2024 event Caption A man walks next to a billboard bearing the image missiles targeting ships on January 17, 2024, in Sanaa, Yemen. (Photo by Mohammed Hamoud/Getty Images) Event When Deterrence Fails: The Iranian Proxy Threat in the Middle East Representative Rich McCormick Jeremy Hunt Mar 05, 2024 event Caption An American flag flies from a crane as a construction worker helps build a mixed-use apartment complex on January 25, 2024, in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images) Defense Strategy A Distracted America Still Leads the World Walter Russell Mead Ravenel B. Curry III Distinguished Fellow in Strategy and Statesmanship Walter Russell Mead Mar 5, 2024 Commentary 1 Min Read View More Events View All Events 05 March 2024 Past Event When Deterrence Fails: The Iranian Proxy Threat in the Middle East Featured Speakers: Representative Rich McCormick Jeremy Hunt 05 March 2024 Past Event When Deterrence Fails: The Iranian Proxy Threat in the Middle East Join Representative Rich McCormick (GA-6) and Jeremy Hunt for a conversation on how to reestablish deterrence in the Middle East and protect American troops abroad. TUESDAY 10:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m. Featured Speakers: Representative Rich McCormick Jeremy Hunt Learn More 07 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Growing Expectations for the US-Japan Alliance Featured Speakers: Shigeru Kitamura Brigadier General James Wellons Sugio Takahashi Moderator: Kenneth R. Weinstein 07 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Growing Expectations for the US-Japan Alliance The Japan Chair will host a panel with senior Japanese and American security professionals to discuss Japan’s growing security challenges. THURSDAY 9:00 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. Featured Speakers: Shigeru Kitamura Brigadier General James Wellons Sugio Takahashi Moderator: Kenneth R. Weinstein Learn More 07 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Aiding America’s Frontline Allies: The View from Israel and Ukraine with Secretary Mike Pompeo Featured Speakers: Michael R. Pompeo Michael Doran 07 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Aiding America’s Frontline Allies: The View from Israel and Ukraine with Secretary Mike Pompeo Mike Pompeo will sit down with Michael Doran to discuss how America return to a position of global strength. THURSDAY 4:30 p.m. - 5:30 p.m. Featured Speakers: Michael R. Pompeo Michael Doran Learn More 08 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Taking On the China Challenge with Congressman Kevin Hern Featured Speakers: Congressman Kevin Hern Rebeccah L. Heinrichs 08 March 2024 In-Person Event | Hudson Institute Taking On the China Challenge with Congressman Kevin Hern Join Congressman Hern and Rebeccah Heinrichs for a conversation on how Congress can restore America’s advantage over the People’s Republic of China. FRIDAY 9:15 a.m. - 10:00 a.m. Featured Speakers: Congressman Kevin Hern Rebeccah L. Heinrichs Learn More View All Events Become a Hudson insider and stay up to date on the latest news and analysis from Hudson Institute. Full Name First Name Last Name Email Newsletters Hudson in 5 No one has time to read everything – so here’s a rundown of the five things from Hudson’s scholars this week that you need to know. Delivered Wednesdays at 7:00 am ET Weekend Reads Hectic week? Catch up on the latest from our scholars with Hudson’s Weekend Reads – a deep dive into the policies and ideas shaping the world. Delivered Saturdays at 7:00 am ET Event Invitations Get candid perspectives from world leaders, government officials and business innovators as they join Hudson scholars for a look at the issues shaping headlines in Washington and beyond. Invitations are sent as events are scheduled. If you’d like to receive commentary, research, and event invitations from our scholars about a topic or region, please select below: Topics Test Topic Term Economics Global Economy Regulation Trade Supply Chains Energy Domestic Policy Politics and Government Health Care Immigration Education Legal Affairs Drug Policy Human Rights Religious Freedom Democracy National Security and Defense Terrorism Defense Strategy Arms Control and Nonproliferation Cybersecurity Missile Defense Foreign Policy Security Alliances International Organizations Sanctions Corruption Environment Technology Innovation Information Technology Intellectual Property Geographic Regions Africa North Africa Sahel Americas Central America and the Caribbean North America South America Europe Central Asia Eastern Europe Germany Nordic-Baltics Russia South Caucasus Turkey Ukraine United Kingdom Western Europe Indo-Pacific Australia China Japan North and South Korea Southeast Asia Taiwan Middle East Iran Israel Saudi Arabia South Asia Afghanistan India Pakistan Policy Centers American Maritime Security Initiative Center for Defense Concepts and Technology Center for Peace and Security in the Middle East Center for Religious Freedom Center for the Economics of the Internet Center for the Future of Liberal Society Center on Europe and Eurasia China Center 中国中心 Current Trends in Islamist Ideology Forum for Intellectual Property Hamilton Commission on Securing America’s National Security Innovation Base Hudson Institute Political Studies Initiative on American Energy Security Japan Chair Kleptocracy Initiative Presidential Speech Series Quantum Alliance Initiative CAPTCHA Title Counterbalance Description Counterbalance is a Hudson Institute podcast hosted by Senior Fellows Michael Doran and Peter Rough. As America's unipolar moment fades, Rough and Doran explore the emerging global order. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title What Really Matters Description What Really Matters is a podcast hosted by Distinguished Fellow Walter Russell Mead, who helps listeners understand the news and decide what news matters. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title China Insider Description China Insider is a podcast from Hudson Institute's China Center, hosted by Miles Yu, who provides weekly news that mainstream American outlets often miss, and analysis on the China challenge and the free world’s future. Listen to the latest episode. Image Title Arsenal of Democracy Description Arsenal of Democracy is a Hudson Institute podcast hosted by Marshall Kosloff. He will analyze the key developments in US foreign and domestic policy, national security, technological innovation, and international relations. Listen to the latest episode. Image Counterbalance What Really Matters China Insider Arsenal of Democracy In the Hallways of Hudson CTA More About Hudson Founded in 1961 For over 60 years, Hudson Institute has been a trusted resource for decision makers and opinion leaders on both domestic and international issues. We carry on that tradition today with a focus on the key strategic issues impacting the future of American national security,&nbsp;defense, innovation, economic prosperity, and global order.&nbsp; Former Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic Eduard Heger sat down with Senior Fellow Matt Boyse to discuss Russia’s war against Ukraine. General Chris Mahoney, assistant commandant of the Marine Corps, sat down with Senior Fellows Bryan Clark and Dan Patt to discuss the future of the USMC. Hudson was honored to host Ukrainian Defense Minister Rustem Umerov for a discussion on the current state of the war. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak sat down with Senior Fellow Luke Coffey to give an update on the war. Previous Slide Next Slide More About Hudson Responsible decision makers and researchers cannot afford the luxury of denying the existence of agonizing questions. The public, whose lives and freedom are at stake, expects them to face such questions squarely and, where necessary, the expert should expect little less of the public. Herman Kahn Social Media Footer Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Footer Topics Regions Policy Centers Research & Analysis Events Experts Contact Media Inquiries Newsletters Donate About Subscribe Security. Freedom. Prosperity. Social Media Footer Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Legal Links Sitemap Terms & Policies © 2024 Hudson Institute, Inc.