The University of Melbourne, Australia - Australia's best university and one of the world's finest Study with us Undergraduate courses Chevron-right Graduate courses Chevron-right Professional development Chevron-right Courses Arrow-right Find the right course and see why studying with us is different. Research Arrow-right Find out how we’re making a difference. Partnership Arrow-right Innovate with our people, technology and outstanding facilities. Events Arrow-right Connect with our community, in person and online. Featured articles Not Natural - An exhibition at the Science Gallery Engagement With increasing control over nature, humans have opened a plethora of possibilities and a Pandora's box of ethical dilemmas. Are we redesigning evolution or is evolution re-designing us? And just because we can, should we? Find out more here Chevron-right How a new monitoring tool is making vaccine rollouts safer Chevron-right Pursuit University of Melbourne reveals global vision to become leading institution in Asia and Pacific Chevron-right Newsroom Fighting to save our Aussie bees - one bee hotel at a time Chevron-right Pursuit Study in a place like no other The University of Melbourne is a truly unique environment. We’re creating a range of sustainable facilities and precincts to enable ground-breaking discoveries, now and into the future. Our sustainability commitment Chevron-right Our campuses Our historic Parkville campus is at the heart of three globally recognised innovation precincts. Six specialist campuses across Victoria provide immersive education in life sciences and agriculture. Take a virtual tour Chevron-right Research facilities Where our researchers are working on humanity’s most critical problems and complex questions facing the world. The University’s research infrastructure network supports innovation in Australia and internationally. Our research infrastructure Chevron-right Libraries, museums, galleries and collections Our diverse museums and galleries – from the Ian Potter Museum of Art to the new Science Gallery Melbourne – provide access to the knowledge, research and culture curated at the University. Get involved in our cultural facilities Chevron-right Accommodation Living on-campus means you can immerse yourself in our University community. Accommodation at Melbourne varies from apartment-style halls of residence to traditional college accommodation. Discover accommodation Chevron-right Partner with us for the future It all begins with the seed of an idea. Imagine what we can do, together. Find out how we’re connecting with industry and government. Partner with us Chevron-right Partnership case studies Chevron-right An innovation and collaboration community Melbourne Connect brings leading researchers, investors, start-ups, students and artists together in a new purpose-built innovation precinct. Discover Melbourne Connect Chevron-right Our bold new engineering and design campus A major urban renewal project is set to become the University’s newest precinct. It’s a globally connected hub where industry, government and community will come together to transform education, engineering and design innovation. More about Fishermans Bend Chevron-right Partnering for parity in Greater Shepparton The University of Melbourne is working with Indigenous, state and local government partners to create a centre for excellence in education, wellbeing, Indigenous business and culture. Learn about Munarra Chevron-right A partnership to power genomics research The Illumina-University of Melbourne Genomics Hub will transform the health outcomes for all Australians by delivering first-hand, practical experience, fostering a pipeline of commercially focused genomics innovation projects. Explore the Genomics Hub Chevron-right