BrickLink - Buy and sell LEGO Parts, Sets and Minifigures Open envelope with star embellishment Join our mailing list! Get the latest updates about new features, popular items, best sales, and what's happening on BrickLink. Join All Items All Items Catalog Items Store Items Store Name Forum Advanced Search Search Market Catalog 179,186 Browse Items Sets 19,424 Parts 82,117 Minifigures 16,330 Gear 18,561 Books 6,800 Space Reference Price Guide Color Guide Inventories Appears In Relationships Search Add or Change Logs Credits Stores 18,398 Browse Stores Stores in Vietnam 4 Search by Item 1,409.9M Store Items New Listing 75,052 Custom Items 110,817 Studio Gallery My Studio Download Studio Forum Studio Help Programs BrickLink Designer Program Current Programs Submission Guidelines My Submissions FAQs Forum Past Programs Terms of Service My Pre-orders MOC Pop-Up Store About Forum Community Forum Among Members Marketplace Help Community Life Language Specific Off Topic Space To & From Admins Reference Catalog Suggestions Administrative NEWS Search Topics Stats Post Members Browse Location Experts ID Log ID Pics Collage Space 1:1 Lookup Feedback Pages Contact Address My Notes Links Sell Do you have extra LEGO pieces you are not using? Upgrade to a seller account to open your own shop and sell on BrickLink. Upgrade to a Seller Log in / Register Cart 0 10 stores, 516 lots View all carts Bags of Bricks (4878) Subtotal: US $535.4503 (123) S&H: US $50.00 Last updated: 1 hour ago View cart US $535.4503 View all carts Title Subtitle Go Go Label Title Subtitle Go The return of the Designer Program: New opportunity to support fan designers from LEGO® Ideas Read announcement Browse LEGO items View all categories Sets 19,424 items Parts 82,117 items Minifigures 16,330 items MOCs 84,587 items Build, render, and create original creations and instructions with Studio. Learn more What's new New tool: Split & Merge Break it down and build it back up Want to change up the element combinations in your build? Split and Merge tools are here to help! Right click to split a large element into smaller pieces, or merge small elements into a new one. Give it a try before anyone else Download Studio Early Access to try it out! Check your design with Color Validator Planning to realize your MOC? Use the Color Validator in Studio Early Access to check for invalid elements. Less work, more fun Download Studio Early Access to try it out! Studio creations Moc name goes here and when its long its truncated See more creations Shop in stores View stores in Vietnam Recently praised by buyers near you Praise by N/A N/A 0 Lot Store Sales Find latest deals and offers from sellers around the world! posted View all promotions Buy Finding items Placing orders Wanted list Shipping fees Cancellation policy Report problem Sell Getting started Tips on selling Getting featured Store API Build Explore the gallery Building with Studio Downloading creations Uploading creations Ordering parts Studio help More Forums Help Center Problem Center Switch to XP News Announcements Learn about Daniel Jezek, the founder of BrickLink, at danjezek.com. Home About us Affiliates Sitemap Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookies Settings & Policy Accessibility DSA Notice LEGO and BrickLink are trademarks of the LEGO Group. © 2024 LEGO BrickLink, Inc. All rights reserved. Some LEGO® sets contain small parts that are NOT suitable for and may pose a hazard to children under 3 years of age. LEGO® DUPLO® sets have larger pieces which are specially designed for children under 3. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Tuesday, March 05, 2024 17:51 EST