Scottish health information you can trust | NHS inform Home Illnesses and conditions Symptoms and self-help Tests and treatments Healthy living Care, support and rights Scotland’s Service Directory 0 Book your winter vaccines appointment NHS inform Health information that anyone living in or visiting Scotland can trust Check your symptoms Use our symptom checkers to assess your symptoms and find out what you should do next. Check your symptoms now Flu vaccine Flu can be serious. Check if you’re eligible for the flu vaccine and book your appointment. Book your flu vaccine appointment Find the service you need Find a GP Find a dentist Find an A&E or minor injury unit Find a pharmacy Find an optician Find a hospital Find a sexual health clinic Get your prescription Coronavirus (COVID-19) Get the latest advice about coronavirus (COVID-19), including information about symptoms, vaccination and what to do if you think you might have coronavirus. Coronavirus (COVID-19) Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine Coronavirus (COVID-19): Longer-term effects (long COVID) Fever and rash Get the latest advice about caring for a fever or rash at home, and when to seek help if you’re concerned for your health or the health of your child. Fever in adults Fever in children Self-help guide: Rash Healthy living Advice and tools to help you look after yourself. Includes mental wellbeing, eating well, contraception, immunisation and help to stop smoking. Screening Immunisation Mental wellbeing Stopping smoking Go to healthy living Care, support and rights Accessing health and care in Scotland. Includes how to register with a GP practice and your rights when using services. Make a complaint or provide feedback National Treatment Centres Register with a GP Travel vaccinations Waiting times Go to care, support and rights Mind to Mind If you’re feeling anxious, stressed, or low, or having problems sleeping or dealing with grief – find out how you can improve your mental wellbeing by hearing what others have found helpful. Mind to Mind Mental health self-help guides Get help with your mental wellbeing Coping with money worries NHS 24 Online Use the free NHS 24 Online app to: find health and care services within your local area assess your symptoms to find out what you should do next This will help you get the right care in the right place. More about NHS 24 Online Chat. Sign. Protect. Find out what vaccines are offered to young people, and which diseases they protect against. Waiting well Support your health and wellbeing to be the best it can be if you’re on a waiting list Healthy Know How Find advice on how to stay healthy and well this winter NHS inform About NHS inform Editorial policy Contact us Webchat Give feedback about NHS inform Info for Me tool Terms and conditions Privacy and cookies policy Freedom of information (FOI) Accessibility Other languages and formats © 2023 NHS 24 – v1.1.1.17852