Finextra Research: Latest fintech news, analysis, interviews and opinion by industry experts Welcome to Finextra. We use cookies to help us to deliver our services. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you may change your preferences at our Cookie Centre. Please read our Privacy Policy. Accept News Breaking newsCompany newsThe long readTVResearchEvents ConferencesWebinarsCommunity Community latestBlogs BlogsGroupsJobsAPIsPredictions Register for news Sign up Login Sign up Help /payments/markets/retail/wholesale/wealth/regulation/crime/crypto/sustainable/startups/devops/identity/security/cloud Channels Latest Company Announcements /payments Payments fintech Purse completes acquisition of ID firm ReachFive 17 m /inclusion Nationwide launches coding classes for disadvantaged children 38 m /cloud Xceptor arrives on Microsoft Azure Marketplace 39 m /payments Indonesia's wagely secures $23 million in debt and equity funding 47 m /payments Mastercard collaborates with Central Bank of Jordan on payment ecosystem blueprint 49 m /payments Idex Biometrics and Accomplish Financial market payment card for the visually and memory impaired 53 m /payments Viva.com debuts Merchant Advance financing package in Europe 1 h /payments Landsbankinn in Iceland connects to Swift's Transaction Screening Service 1 h See all announcements » Monzo hits $5 billion valuation on $430 million funding round Monzo hits $5 billion valuation on $430 million funding round 14 m 0 Deutsche Börse goes live with spot trading platform for crypto assets 1 h 0 PayPal launches payment suite for SMEs 1 h 0 2 BaaS platform Synctera raises $18.6m 11 h 0 ChargeAfter launches white-label embedded POS lending platform for banks 11 h 0 Lloyds joins association to standardise digital property data 11 h 0 1 AmEx card details exposed in third-party data breach 17 h 0 2 Irish central bank sets new payments strategy as country lags rest of Europe 20 h 0 1 7 Top fintech chiefs join Innovate Finance 'Unicorn Council' 04 Mar 0 2 More news Trending /payments Klarna's AI chatbot does the equivalent work of 700 full-time humans 29 Feb 2 4 22 /devops Microsoft launches AI-powered Copilot for Finance 01 Mar 1 1 4 /payments Worldline slips on deteriorating outlook 28 Feb 0 /security AmEx card details exposed in third-party data breach 17 h 0 2 The long read See all » Non-Performing Loans are now subject to regulation: What it means Renate Prinz - Partner, McDermott Will & Emery Latest TV See all TV » 2908 Interviews live to view now /sustainable How redefining value in decision making helps the planet To achieve a sustainable future, integrating financial, natural, social, and human capitals equally into financial systems is crucial. In a conversation with Richard Peers from Responsible Risk, Mark Gough, Chief Executive Officer of Capitals Coalition, discusses redefining value and transforming global decision-making processes to tackle challenges such as nature loss, inequality, and climate change. They stress the significance of contextualized information and measurements for value assessments, highlighting the need for collaboration, integration, and transparency to effectively address complex challenges in the green transition. 19 Feb /predictions Financial Forecast 2024: What's Ahead? In this episode of Predict 2024, Edward Harding, Director of Global Strategic Partnerships at Mambu, discusses the upcoming webinar on Mambu’s 2024 partner predictions report, highlighting how trends are shaping financial services and influencing strategies in the year ahead. We learn about Mambu's partnership-driven approach to industry challenges, examine rising trends such as embedded finance and generative AI, and get a preview of what to expect from the webinar on March 6th. 27 Feb /sustainable Navigating Biodiversity Impact: A review of 100 Nordic Companies Mads Steinmüller, Head of Climate & Nature, Danske Bank Asset Management, discusses what Danske Bank found when they reviewed the quality of companies' management of their impact and dependencies on biodiversity on 100 of the largest companies in the Nordics, and unpacks what’s needed next to fulfil the recommendation and guidance that the Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) have set out in 2023. 21 Feb /sustainable The Agricultural Bank: Oxbury’s Responsible Impact Tim Coates, Co-Founder of Oxbury Bank explains how the challenger bank is serving the agriculture and agrifood sector. We hear how they are helping customers with great products, services and rates as well as addressing the sectors transition to meet the climate and nature crisis. 22 Feb Events See all events » 76 Webinars available to view on demand 43 Events in past year 16501 Registered delegates Webinar - SEPA instant payments: Are banks ready? 21 Mar 2024 » Online Are banks ready for the new SEPA instant payments mandate? Registered: 720 11 Apr 2024 Online Webinar - Payments systems are evolving quickly: is your institution ready? How can banks ensure their systems meet modern payment processing needs? Register now 23 Apr 2024 Stockholm, Sweden NextGen Nordics 2024 | In-person conference 23 April 2024 | Stockholm, Sweden Registered: 214 Online learning On-Demand Online On-Demand Webinar - Consumer Data Privacy: Why protecting trust is essential How can financial institutions maintain the expectations of cardholders when it comes to data management, privacy, and transparency? Why is trust critical in the realm of digital payments? Registered: 352 On-Demand Online On-Demand Webinar - Payment Processors: Find the one you really love How can Fintechs and FIs find the best payment processor to match their needs? Registered: 591 The long read See all » Why Formula 1 sponsorship is the best brand deal for fintech and payments Dominique Dierks - Content Manager - Finextra Community See all blogs » 20,773 Blog posts live to view now 155 New blog posts in last month Artificial Intelligence and Financial Services What can we learn from AI and ML use cases? Alastair Gill - GFT - London 2 h 0 Crypto is in ‘catch-up’ mode when it comes to inclusivity... Janine Grainger - Easy Crypto - Auckland 14 h 0 Cryptocurrency Insights 3 Key Points for Crypto Trading powered by AI Serhii Bondarenko - Tickeron - Weiden 19 h 0 1 1 AI madness: Why your business may not need any AI whatsoever? Konstantin Rabin - Kontomatik - Warsaw 22 h 0 How to Use Price Action and Correlations in Stock Trading 02 Mar Generative AI: Can it be Banking Backoffice’s ‘New Best Friend’? 01 Mar Content Marketing Strategies For Generating Leads in Online Lending Sector 01 Mar Risk, Fraud and Compliance: 12 tech trends and predictions for 2024 01 Mar Mastering customer-centric communication to elevate the lending experience 29 Feb Elsewhere... BloombergBrazil’s Wildly Popular Instant-Payment System Is Going GlobalThe GuardianSim-swap fraud: How your bank account can be emptied by phoneBBCIdentity theft: Belfast man speaks of stress after scamThe GuardianThe digital pound: an impetuous idea with a risky momentum of its own BBCCrypto scam: Man scammed out of six-figure sum gets money back The long read See all » Why cybersecurity skills are coveted in fintech Aoibhinn Mc Bride - Content Editor, Jobbio Shared Klarna&#39;s AI chatbot does the equivalent work of 700 full-time humansIrish central bank sets new payments strategy as country lags rest of EuropeNo 3. The Evolution of Banking Distribution – From Apps to APIsOpen finance could boost UK GDP by &#163;30.5 billion says CFIT CEOMicrosoft launches AI-powered Copilot for Finance Discussion Microsoft launches AI-powered Copilot for Finance Ketharaman Swaminathan To ride the Internet / Web / Ebusiness wave, our ERP company launched a series of addon products like Web / Customer, Web / Supplier, Web / Employee, etc. AI CoPilot for Sales, AI CoPilot for Finance, etc. are likely following the same playbook to ride the present AI wave! Judging by how that movie played out, this one will also be a blockbuster hit. AI has as much enabling power as Web - in fact maybe more. Then and now, MRP runs and advanced ERP functionality were / are not on the web but it's very easy to imagine how they can leverage AI to become faster / better / cheaper. Reply Read article Exploring the Advantages of Pay by Bank: A Introduction To Getting Started Ketharaman Swaminathan I'm afraid "existing payment system challenges" of PayByBank / A2A RTP will continue to persist as long as its proponents continue to miss two key facts of consumer behavior: (1) Incumbent method of payment is credit card, which offers rewards, deferred payment and fraud protection. A2A RTP does not (2) Consumers decide method of payment, merchants don't, so higher cost of credit card acceptance is irrelevant. Reply Read article Research See all reports » Mastering DORA: A Strategic Guide to Operational Resilience 63 downloads 8 Steps to Efficient Transaction Fraud Monitoring 320 downloads AI and Cloud: The Proving Ground for Regulatory Resilience in 2024 615 downloads About Finextra Community Rules Register for news Contact Us Editorial Sales Sales Register for news Register Follow Us linkedIn Twitter Rss Feeds © Finextra Research 2024 Terms of use Privacy Policy Cookie Centre