Schiphol | Start your journey well at our airport Skip to content Skip to the menu Skip to the main navigation Skip to search within schiphol.nl Menu Back Travellers Flights Flights Departures Arrivals Transfers Preparing for your trip Parking & Transport Parking & Transport Parking at Schiphol Parking Privium Plus Pick-up & drop-off From Schiphol To Schiphol FAQ parking Shop, Taste & Discover Shop, Taste & Discover Experience all Shop Taste Discover Plaza Services Services Airport maps Privium VIP Service Assistance Lost & Found Business travel All services More about Schiphol Travellers All Schiphol websites All Schiphol websites Royal Schiphol Group Schiphol as a neighbour Careers at Schiphol Group Work at Schiphol Advertise at Schiphol Real Estate Cargo Company Directory Route Development Airport Utilities Aviation Solutions Operations APOC You and Schiphol Projects at Schiphol Schiphol Telematics Developer center Innovation Current language of site: EN (English) | NL (Nederlands) Login Open search Close search Search Current language of site: EN (English) | NL (Nederlands) Amsterdam Airport: Enjoy your travel time Explore more Find a flight Type of flight Departure Arrival Yesterday Today Tomorrow 7 March 8 March 9 March 10 March 11 March 12 March 13 March 14 March 15 March 16 March 17 March 18 March 19 March 20 March 21 March 22 March 23 March 24 March 25 March 26 March Search Top tasks Park your car Short term or long term parking, find the best spot Make every visit unique Come eat, drink, shop and relax Crowd levels What time do you need to be at Schiphol? Important information about your travel 26 February - 9 March: fewer trains and adjusted schedule Info for Schiphol visitors Pack your hand baggage See what is or isn’t allowed in your hand baggage when you fly. Check the rules for liquids and electronics. Info on hand baggage Book a free timeslot Go through security at a time of your choice: reserve a time slot. That way, you'll know for sure when to be there. Book a timeslot Get ready for security Wear layers of clothing, low shoes and a jacket you can easily take off when it's your turn at security. Check our tips Find your way around Ready to go? Get a smooth start Prepare for check-in Sail through security Read the security rules What to pack See the baggage rules Good to know Find your lost items Visit Lost & Found Experience the Privium Lounge Buy a Privium Lounge Voucher Explore the airport Open an interactive map Pick-up and drop-off Pick someone up Convenient: P1 Parking Pick-up and Drop-off Quick drop-off Drive to Kiss & Ride Find a place to park See all parking options Latest blog posts A day in the life of recruiter Ismaël Salem Ismaël Salem, IT & Data-recruiter at Schiphol is trying to find IT professionals and data specialists daily. Quite the challenge in this tight labour market. Read about Ismaël's workday Is your passport or ID card still valid? Do you have holiday plans already? Check how long your passport is still valid and make sure you renew it in time before you fly. More about the passport peak All about your arrival at Schiphol Your plane has landed and you arrive at the gate. Do you know how to get to the baggage hall from the plane and where to exit the airport? Useful tips for your arrival More blogs Do you need extra help? Read about assistance Footer navigation Flights Departures Arrivals Transfers Things to do at Schiphol Experience all Shop Taste Discover Plaza Check-in Ways to check in Baggage rules and checks How busy is Schiphol Parking at Schiphol All parking options Short-term Parking Long term parking Pick-up & drop-off (Kiss & Ride) All Schiphol websites Royal Schiphol Group Schiphol as a neighbour Careers at Schiphol Group Work at Schiphol Advertise at Schiphol Real Estate Cargo Company Directory Route Development Airport Utilities Aviation Solutions Operations APOC You and Schiphol Projects at Schiphol Schiphol Telematics Developer center Innovation Download the Schiphol app Ondersteunende links Privacy Schiphol regulations Disclaimer Newsletter Contact us © Schiphol 2024 Welcome to Amsterdam Airport