Front Page — Free Software Foundation — working together for free software Skip to content, sitemap or skip to search. Personal tools Log in Help! Members forum About Campaigns Licensing Membership Resources Community Donate Shop Search Info The Free Software Foundation (FSF) is a nonprofit with a worldwide mission to promote computer user freedom. Featured Exciting talks, hands-on workshops, and thrilling discussions await you at LibrePlanet 2024 In this blog post, we're sharing with you all the sessions that have been confirmed for LibrePlanet 2024: Cultivating Community. Featured FOSDEM 2024: two days on software freedom We depend on software as a society. In such a world, software freedom has to be protected. Free Software Foundation's (FSF) Licensing and Compliance Manager, Krzysztof Siewicz is sharing his personal account of FOSDEM 2024. Free software means that the users have the freedom to run, edit, contribute to, and share the software. Thus, free software is a matter of liberty, not price. We have been defending the rights of all software users for the past 35 years. Help sustain us for many more; become an associate member today. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter, the Free Software Supporter: Follow Us on Social Media Share Mastodon Twitter Peertube Our initiatives Defective by Design is a grassroots campaign to eliminate Digital Restrictions Management (DRM) in media and devices. Read the Email Self-Defense Guide to get started with email encryption, a skill necessary to combat bulk surveillance. The End Software Patents initiative fights to abolish software patents around the world. Join us in calling for a Web that respects our freedom by being compatible with free software and stand up against nonfree JavaScript. The Free Software Directory is a collaborative catalog of computer programs and apps that are fully free. The GNU operating system is a continuously evolving, complete operating system made entirely of free software. LibrePlanet is our global network of free software activism, including events like our annual conference, and online collaboration spaces. The Licensing and Compliance Lab is the preeminent resource for public education on licensing best practices and enforcing the GPL. The "Respects Your Freedom" program certifies retailers who sell hardware in a manner that respects the rights of their users. "This community that we have, that we're building, that does so much, has to grow. We can't compete with Apple, we can't compete with Google, directly, in the field of resources. What we can eventually do is head count and heart count. We can compete on the ground of ideology because ours is better."-- Edward Snowden, NSA whisteblower, speaking at LibrePlanet 2016. Take Action Collaborate with us to build the freedom ladder Make the switch to free software Read and share this year's Giving Guide Bulletin Is it possible to buy a house in freedom? JShelter helps protect your online privacy: Here's how to contribute Did you ever ask yourself why online privacy is important and what can be done about it? Learn how the JShelter web extension can be part of your privacy protection tool kit, as well as ways to contribute, in this article. Properly license your program for free software's sake Applying a GNU license like the GPL to your software is a piece of cake! Read how and why to do it in this article. Free software: An investment in human potential We stand firm in our resolve for freedom Read the current issue of the Bulletin and check out the archives. Mastodon Follow the FSF on Mastodon, a federated, decentralized free software for social networking and be the first to receive updates on the free software movement, new threats to user freedom, exciting events, and more. Blog | News | Events Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, March 08, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC) Description: Join the FSF and friends on Friday, March 08, from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory. February GNU Spotlight with Amin Bandali: Nineteen new GNU releases! Exciting talks, hands-on workshops, and thrilling discussions await you at LibrePlanet 2024 In this blog post, we're sharing with you all the sessions that have been confirmed for LibrePlanet 2024: Cultivating Community. FOSDEM 2024: two days on software freedom We depend on software as a society. In such a world, software freedom has to be protected. Free Software Foundation's (FSF) Licensing and Compliance Manager, Krzysztof Siewicz is sharing his personal account of FOSDEM 2024. Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, March 01, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC) Join the FSF and friends on Friday, March 01, from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory. Free software is not antithetical to commercial success Gabriel Cezarin Popovici, intern with the Free Software Foundation's (FSF) campaigns team, explains why developing free software and earning money do not have to exclude each other. Free Software Directory meeting on IRC: Friday, February 16, starting at 12:00 EST (17:00 UTC) Join the FSF and friends on Friday, February 16, from 12:00 to 15:00 EST (17:00 to 20:00 UTC) to help improve the Free Software Directory. Free Software Supporter -- Edição 190, Fevereiro 2024 Free Software Supporter -- Numéro 190, février 2024 Free Software Supporter -- Issue 190, February 2024 The FSF is a charity with a worldwide mission to advance software freedom — learn about our history and work. Copyright © 2004-2024 Free Software Foundation, Inc. Privacy Policy. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 3.0 license (or later version) — Why this license? Skip sitemap or skip to licensing items About Staff and Board Contact Us Press Information Jobs Volunteering and Internships History Privacy Policy JavaScript Licenses Hardware Database Free Software Directory Free Software Resources Copyright Infringement Notification Skip to general items Campaigns Freedom Ladder Fight to Repair Free JavaScript High Priority Free Software Projects Secure Boot vs Restricted Boot Surveillance Upgrade from Windows Working Together for Free Software GNU Operating System Defective by Design End Software Patents OpenDocument Free BIOS Connect with free software users Skip to philosophical items Licensing Education Licenses GNU GPL GNU AGPL GNU LGPL GNU FDL Licensing FAQ Compliance How to use GNU licensesfor your own software Latest News Upcoming Events FSF Blogs Skip list Donate to the FSF Join the FSF Patrons Associate Members My Account Working Together for Free Software Fund Philosophy The Free Software Definition Copyleft: Pragmatic Idealism Free Software and Free Manuals Selling Free Software Motives for Writing Free Software The Right To Read Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software Complete Sitemap fsf.org is powered by: Plone Zope Python CiviCRM HTML5 Arabic Belarussian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Cornish Czech Danish English French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Portuguese (Brazil) Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu Welsh Send your feedback on our translations and new translations of pages to campaigns@fsf.org. 1PC9aZC4hNX2rmmrt7uHTfYAS3hRbph4UN