Deloitte Vietnam | Audit, Consulting, Financial Advisory, Risk Management & Tax services and reports Please enable JavaScript to view the site. Viewing offline content Limited functionality available Dismiss Services What's New Sustainability and Climate 2023 Deloitte Global Impact Report Digital Signature Issue Audit & Assurance Assurance Services Accounting and Reporting Advisory Accounting Operations Advisory Business Assurance Disruptive Events Advisory Sustainability and Climate Assurance Consulting Strategy, Analytics and M&A Customer and Marketing Core Business Operations Human Capital Enterprise Technology & Performance Financial Advisory Mergers & Acquisitions Turnaround & Restructuring Forensic Deloitte Private Family Enterprise Doanh nghiệp gia đình thịnh vượng Best Managed Companies Doanh nghiệp được Quản trị Tốt nhất Legal Legal Management Consulting Legal Advisory Services Legal Managed Services Dbriefs Legal Deloitte Legal Around the World Risk Advisory Strategic & Reputation Risk Regulatory Risk Financial Risk Operational Risk Cyber Risk Tax Advisory and Transactions Workforce, Technology, Analytics Outsourced Compliance Technology Consulting Mobility, Payroll, Immigration Reward, Employment Tax, Share Plans International Specialist Services Chinese Services Group Korean Services Group Japanese Services Group European Services Group Industries What's New Deloitte perspectives Leadership perspectives from across the globe. Future of Mobility Learn how this new reality is coming together and what it will mean for you and your industry. Smart Manufacturing Explore the value of smart manufacturing and smart operations Consumer Automotive Consumer Products Retail, Wholesale & Distribution Transportation, Hospitality & Services Energy, Resources & Industrials Energy & Chemicals Industrial Products & Construction Mining & Metals Power, Utilities & Renewables Financial Services Banking & Capital Markets Insurance Investment Management Real Estate Government & Public Services Central Government Defense, Security & Justice Health & Human Services Infrastructure, Transport & Regional Government Life Sciences & Health Care Health Care Life Sciences Technology, Media & Telecommunications Technology Telecommunications, Media & Entertainment Careers What's New Life at Deloitte People and culture make Deloitte a great place to work. Benefits At Deloitte, we place great emphasis on offering competitive benefits. Candidate Profile After submitting your job application, you may view or update your candidate profile here. Job Search Experienced Hires Consulting jobs Students & Graduates Graduate Consulting jobs Life at Deloitte VN-EN Location: Vietnam-English Contact us VN-EN Location: Vietnam-English Contact us Building better futures SEA Impact Report 2023 Explore now Featured Trending About us WorldClass: Making an impact that matters, one future at a time WorldClass is a network-wide initiative that aligns Deloitte’s local efforts around a global ambition. Through WorldClass , we are applying our core skills, experience, and global reach to empower more people through education, skills development and access to opportunity. WorldClass is a network-wide initiative that aligns Deloitte’s local efforts around a global ambition. Through WorldClass, we are applying our core skills, experience, and global reach to empower more people through education, skills development and access to opportunity. Article WorldImpact At Deloitte, we believe we have a responsibility to be a force for good and lead the way on the increasingly complex challenges society faces. At Deloitte, we believe we have a responsibility to be a force for good and lead the way on the increasingly complex challenges society faces. Sustainability and Climate Global business offering integrated sustainability consulting and climate change services that help our clients build a more sustainable future. Article Doing Business in Vietnam 2022-2023 Deloitte Vietnam cooperates with Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, to launch "Doing business in Vietnam 2022-2023" to provide readers with an overview of the investment climate, forms of business organization, taxation, and business and accounting practices in Vietnam. Perspectives Southeast Asia IPO Capital Market This annual publication by Deloitte Southeast Asia provides a comprehensive analysis to initial public offering (IPO) activities of the region, explains factors contributing to the movements, and offers a future outlook on SEA's capital markets (including Vietnam, Singapore, Thailand, etc.). Recommended Trending See More Below configured promos will not be visible in Publish mode Article 2022 Asia Pacific Impact Report Building better futures Guided by our purpose to make an impact that matters, Deloitte people helped clients and communities navigate this disruptive year, strengthen connections and bring to life more equitable, sustainable futures. The power of the Butterfly Effect Six Deloitte women share how they’re empowering those around them, creating an ever-expanding pattern of positive and lasting change. Future of Work Driven by accelerating connectivity, new talent models, and cognitive tools, work is changing. As robotics, AI, the gig economy and crowds grow, jobs are being reinvented, creating the “augmented workforce.” We must reconsider how jobs are designed and work to adapt and learn for future growth. Future of Work Driven by accelerating connectivity, new talent models, and cognitive tools, work is changing. As robotics, AI, the gig economy and crowds grow, jobs are being reinvented, creating the “augmented workforce.” We must reconsider how jobs are designed and work to adapt and learn for future growth. Article Making an impact through UNLEASH 2018 Accelerating innovative, scalable solutions to support our WorldClass ambition Life at Deloitte Why Deloitte? Contact Deloitte Search Jobs Submit RFP Global office directory Office locations VN-EN Location: Vietnam-English About Deloitte Home Ethics & compliance Newsroom Office locator Global Office Directory Press releases Events Submit RFP Contact us Our impact Services Audit & Assurance Consulting Financial Advisory Deloitte Private Legal Risk Advisory Tax International Specialist Services Industries Consumer Energy, Resources & Industrials Financial Services Government & Public Services Life Sciences & Health Care Technology, Media & Telecommunications Careers Job Search Experienced Hires Students & Graduates Life at Deloitte About Deloitte Terms of use Privacy Cookies © 2024. See Terms of Use for more information. Deloitte refers to one or more of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (“DTTL”), its global network of member firms, and their related entities (collectively, the “Deloitte organization”). DTTL (also referred to as “Deloitte Global”) and each of its member firms and related entities are legally separate and independent entities, which cannot obligate or bind each other in respect of third parties. DTTL and each DTTL member firm and related entity is liable only for its own acts and omissions, and not those of each other. DTTL does not provide services to clients. Please see www.deloitte.com/about to learn more.