Dentist in Schaumburg IL | Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry | ☎ 847-310-9090 Skip to content Directions Book Appt Text Us Call Us Open or Close Menu About Us Meet Our Doctors Meet The Team Tour Our Office Career Opportunities Our Difference Why Choose Us? Services Cosmetic Dentistry Dental Implants Teeth Whitening Family Dentistry All Our Services Smile Gallery Patient Transformations Insurance New Patients What To Expect? Safety Protocols Blog Contact Send Us A Message Request a Virtual Consultation Get Driving Directions Call (847) 310-9090 Text Us Book an Appointment Make a Payment Your dentist near you in Schaumburg, IL ALWAYS Putting You First Providing dental care focused around your needs, not ours. Book an Appointment Request a Virtual Consult You’re in the Driver’s Seat Feel confident with your dental health without feeling pressured or lectured. Click to play movie Having trouble viewing the video? Watch it here. Choosing the right dentist is a huge decision. You want someone who’ll look out for your best interests, not put your name on a clipboard. That’s why Drs. Benjamin Turnwald, Lisa Black, and William Hays have created a clinical partnership that: Informs you of all of your conditions Allows you to decide what solution is the best for you Tailors all of your appointments so you feel comfortable Meet Our Doctors A New Era of Dentistry in Schaumburg, IL It's time to put dental stereotypes to rest and put you in control. Squashing Dental Fears Tell us your past experiences and we'll tailor your appointments to be as comfortable as possible. Download our comfort menu by clicking this photo. Affordability A dental problem shouldn't turn into a financial problem. Let's come up with an affordable plan together to get your mouth healthy. Judgment-Free Zone You'll never feel lectured or judged based on the condition of your mouth. Instead, let's focus on your future to renewed health. All About You You're the VIP. You have our 100% attention to creating a plan focused on the whole person, not just the problems in your mouth. Discover Our Difference Book an Appointment Need a Second Opinion? Unsure of a dental diagnosis? Come in for a complimentary consultation and get an honest professional opinion from our doctors. Receive as much as information as possible to help you make the best decision for your oral health. No pressure sales or false promises. (That’s a promise) Learn More Not only is Dr. Turnwald incredible, but his team is also absolutely outstanding. I have never met a more personable and kind group of people. Every single person went out of their way to make me feel comfortable. It truly feels like you are among family. — Alexis L., Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient I wanted to tell you how thankful I am for all the work you put into creating my perfect smile. I cannot ever repay you for this. I would do this one thousand times over. I completely support you and your practice in the initiative of delivery of high-quality care. — Ben M., Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient I've seen many dentists over the years and I have to say Dr. Turnwald has been the best. My dental work has never looked or felt better. Everyone at the office makes us feel like family every time we have a visit. I'd strongly recommend this practice to anyone looking for a quality dental office. — Joanna M., Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient Thank you so very much for not only helping me in times of dental crisis but for allowing me to start a journey of self-improvement. I was self-conscious of my smile, and you've given me the gift of a better sense of self. — Chloe, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient You never feel pressured into doing any particular course of treatment. He presents the options to you and leaves them to decide which option meets your needs. — Brian, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient The work was done in several phases to fit my budget, and my discomfort was minimal. They were very thoughtful and caring through every step of the process. — Mary, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient Truly a fantastic office - all of the staff is so friendly and welcoming and the facility itself is super bright (even on a rainy day like yesterday). All dental work I've had done there has been super gentle and each step is communicated clearly with check-ins about my comfort and tooth sensitivity throughout the whole process. Absolutely 10/10 establishment! — Anna, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient Everything about this Dentist office is great, all personnel are friendly and professional and very good at their jobs. I was surprised to find an office where the staff actually seem happy to be there. Makes the visit way more comfortable. Highly recommended. — Dave, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient As always I had a very friendly and professional experience at Dr Turnwald's office. They are always kind and helpful as well as on schedule. Making a visit to the dentist a very enjoyable experience. Thank you! — Bret, Actual Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry Patient Providing Comprehensive Dentistry For Schaumburg, IL It’s not about the tooth; it’s about the bigger picture to restore beauty and function. Dental Implants Missing teeth? Hiding your smile? Give your smile a second chance with this innovative dental treatment. Learn More Invisalign Smile loud and proud without anyone knowing you're straightening your teeth! See how Invisalign is kicking traditional braces to the curb. Learn More Cosmetic Dentistry Turn heads with a gorgeous smile truly unique to you and personality. Learn More Veneers Transform your smile into a gorgeous, one-of-a-kind work of art you'll be proud to show off! Learn More View Our Full Range Of Services Family Dentistry Comprehensive Exam & Hygiene Scaling & Root Planing Oral Cancer Screening Sealants Cosmetic Dentistry Teeth Whitening Bonding Porcelain Veneers Invisalign Restorative Dentistry Fillings Crowns & Bridges Full Mouth Rehabilitation Dental Implants Dentures TMJ treatment Sleep Apnea Found Your Dental Home? Give us a call! Our team will take great care of you. Call Us 847-310-9090 Text Us 847-860-6273 Book an Appointment Learn About Insurance Benefits Find Our Dental Office in Schaumburg, IL Easy to find and easier to love! You can find Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry at the intersection of Farmgate Dr. and Roselle Rd. We’re near many major corporate offices, including Sears and Motorola, with plenty of parking. Click To Get Directions Book an Appointment We also serve the following areas: Hoffman Estates Palatine Elk Grove Village Arlington Heights Barrington/South Barrington Roselle Bartlett Streamwood Wisconsin Facebook Page (open in new window) Twitter Page (open in new window) YouTube Page (open in new window) Google Plus Page (open in new window) Instagram Page (open in new window) Our Location Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry 435 S Roselle Rd. Schaumburg, IL 60193 Existing Patients: 847-310-9090 New Patients: (847) 737-3233 Email: info@drturnwald.com Choose Your Language: Our Hours Monday 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM Tuesday 7:00 AM - 6:00 PM Wednesday 7:00 AM - 3:00 PM Thursday 7:00 AM - 3:00 PM Friday 7:00 AM - 3:00 PM LinksHome About Us Our Difference Services Smile Gallery New Patients Blog Contact Us Stay ConnectedFacebook Page (open in new window)Twitter Page (open in new window)YouTube Page (open in new window)Google Page (open in new window)Instagram Page (open in new window)Facebook Page (open in new window)Twitter Page (open in new window)YouTube Page (open in new window)Google Page (open in new window)Instagram Page (open in new window) Book an Appointment What time of day would you like to be contacted?Morning (8am - 12pm)Afternoon (12pm - 5pm)Evening (5pm - 8pm)Name Phone Email How can we help you?NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Submit Website Accessibility All rights reserved, Copyright 2021 Benjamin Turnwald Dentistry | Privacy policy | Sitemap | Dental Website Design by Roadside Dental Marketing Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility