Applied Cryptography Group | Stanford University Applied Cryptography Group Faculty Dan Boneh Post-Docs Binyi Chen Lior Rotem PhD Students Aditi Partap Keller Blackwell Trisha Datta Kamilla Nazirkhanova Rohit Nema Wilson Nguyen Alex Ozdemir Neil Perry Megha Srivastava PhD Alums Hristo Bojinov Andrew Bortz Benedikt Bünz Henry Corrigan-Gibbs Glenn Durfee Saba Eskandarian Ben Fisch Craig Gentry Eu-Jin Goh Philippe Golle Mike Hamburg Jeremy Horwitz Sam Kim Dima Kogan Kevin Lewi Ben Lynn Mike Malkin Yan Michalevsky Ilia Mironov Nagendra Modadugu Hart Montgomery Valeria Nikolaenko Ananth Raghunathan Hovav Shacham Florian Tramèr Riad S. Wahby David Wu Mark Zhandry Joe Zimmerman Post-Doc Alums Joseph Bonneau Zvika Brakerski David Freeman Suman Jana Stanislaw Jarecki Arvind Narayanan Gil Segev Brent Waters Web Page Alums Legacy Page (1997-2014) The Applied Crypto Group is a part of the Security Lab in the Computer Science Department at Stanford University. Research projects in the group focus on various aspects of network and computer security. In particular the group focuses on applications of cryptography to real-world security problems. For more information follow the links below. Lattices in Cryptography Integer lattices have found many applications in cryptography: in proofs of security, in attacks, and in constructing cryptosystems. Privacy Can multi-user services operate without sending all user data to the cloud in the clear? Some examples include private location-based services, private computation of aggregate statistics, private recommendation systems, private queries to a database, and anonymous messaging. Crypto currencies and blockchains We are developing cryptographic tools with applications to crypto currencies and blockchains. We are also teaching a course on the topic, CS251. Pairings-Based Cryptography Cryptographic pairings have numerous applications to cryptography, including everything from identity-based encryption and short digital signatures to broadcast encryption and search-friendly encryption. Computer and Web Security Computer security research explores architectures that improve software security and enhances our understanding of attack strategies. Our research covers SSL and TLS, Web security, and areas of operating systems security. Projects Bulletproofs: Short Proofs for Confidential Transactions and More Prio: Private, Robust, and Scalable Computation of Aggregate Statistics Order-Revealing Encryption Balloon Hashing: Memory-Hard Password Hashing PowerSpy: Location Tracking using Mobile Device Power Analysis Riposte: An Anonymous Messaging System Handling Millions of Users Gyrophone: Recognizing Speech from Gyroscope Signals PORTIA: Managing sensitive information in a wired world Location privacy Identity Based Encryption email system (IBE secure email) The ITTC project: Intrusion tolerance via threshold cryptography Export Control Warning: The US Government regulates the physical export or transmission of cryptographic source and corresponding object code outside the borders of the US and within the US when the recipient is an embassy or an affiliate of a foreign government. Posting encrypted code to the internet and making it publicly available is considered an export and may entail US government notification requirements. Please see Stanford's Export Control Encryption Page if you have a need to take, transfer or transmit Stanford-generated encryption code outside of the US or to share it with US-based representatives of foreign governments. SU Home Maps & Directions Search Stanford Terms of Use Emergency Info © Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305. Copyright Complaints