Institute for War & Peace Reporting - IWPR Skip to main content Left Utility Nav Contact Subscribe Connect with us Twitter Facebook Youtube Linkedin Right Utility Nav Republishing Jobs "Building a new generation of experts and analysts across Central Asia" DonateMain navigation - First Level What We Do Projects Impact Global Voices Engage About Menu Close Share Share via Main navigation - Full What We Do Giving Voice Driving Change --- Theory of Change Projects Focus Pages --- Africa Asia Europe/Eurasia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East & North Africa --- Satellite Sites Impact Africa Asia Europe/Eurasia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East & North Africa --- Topics Global Voices Africa Asia Europe/Eurasia Latin America & the Caribbean Middle East & North Africa --- Topics --- Spotlight Multimedia Print Publications Engage Donate Frontline Updates Subscribe Contact Opportunities Republishing --- Twitter Facebook Youtube LinkedIn About Governance Staff & Offices --- In the News --- Supporters Partners --- Institutional Documents Privacy Notice Ukraine Justice ReportUkraine VoicesFrontline UpdatesFocus PagesGovernanceStaff & OfficesSearch Sakar Maan, one of the activists that lead the initiative, inside the Iraqi airforce plane holding some of the letters about to be dropped over Mosul. © IWPR Training session in social media for imams in Kyzylorda, a city in south-central Kazakstan. © CABAR/IWPR IWPR-supported initiative showed that Venezuelan government was heavily involved in distributing pro-regime disinformation. They also identified a network of social media accounts posing as media outlets that existed exclusively to promote Chavista issues in the global media. © Edilzon Gamez/Getty Images Media cover a press conference given by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on April 23, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine. © John Moore/Getty Images Crosses, floral tributes and photographs mark the graves in Irpin cemetery on May 16, 2022. The towns around the capital were heavily damaged following weeks of brutal war as Russia made its failed bid to take Kyiv. © Christopher Furlong/Getty Images A man pushes his bike through debris and destroyed Russian military vehicles on a street on April 06, 2022 in Bucha, Ukraine. The Ukrainian government has accused Russian forces of committing a "deliberate massacre" as they occupied and eventually retreated from Bucha, 25km northwest of Kyiv. Hundreds of bodies have been found in the days since Ukrainian forces regained control of the town. © Chris McGrath/Getty Images The reporters of Black Box, (l to r) Stefan Bejan, Stela Mihailovici, Mariana Rata and Ilie Gulca, the investigative journalism programme of Moldova's independent television channel TV8, tracked tangled routes for money flowing to offshore companies from Moldova. © Black Box Malala Yousafzai gives a speech at an event at Barber Institute of Fine Art, November 2015 in Birmingham, England. © Richard Stonehouse/Getty Images Four Million Love Letters to Mosul > IWPR helped organise a mass airdrop of messages of solidarity from ordinary Iraqis to residents of Mosul suffering under Islamic State (IS) occupation. DONATE TO GIVE VOICE We never heard of such thing during a war; usually airplanes drop bombs and [this] airplane is dropping love letters. Iraqi citizen from Baghdad Giving Voice Central Asia: Imams Turn Influencers > IWPR is training a new generation of social media influencers across Central Asia to spread tolerance and counter violent extremism. DONATE TO GIVE VOICE I was able to persuade families that it was a good thing to give their girls an education. Yusufhon Zakaria A 38-year-old Kyrgyz imam Giving Voice Combating Disinformation in Venezuela > Media and NGO alliance reveals extent to which the issue affects country’s online information space. Donate to give voice As a result of one of C-Informa's first investigations, Twitter closed nearly 150 accounts dedicated to distributing propaganda. Giving Voice OUR MISSIONIWPR gives voice to people at the frontlines of conflict and transition to help them drive change. Institute for War and Peace Reporting Giving Voice, Driving Change Covering War Crimes in Ukraine > IWPR reporting project provides unique insight and access to historic opportunity to see justice done for wartime atrocities. Donate To Drive change IWPR's Justice Report is extremely relevant for western audiences, both professional and the general public… [and] a source of factual information and analysis. Iryna Skosar Associate Professor, Odesa University Law Academy Driving Change The Cashier of Dubai: Investigative Journalism with Impact > Moldova story leads to international legal cooperation in anti-corruption case. DONATE TO DRIVE CHANGE Disinformation is the main driver of instability. Tatiana Puiu IWPR’s media law expert in Moldova Driving Change Malala’s IWPR Roots > Nobel Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai began her campaigning work as a 12-year-old IWPR trainee in a Pakistani programme empowering young people through public debate and dialogue. Donate to drive change In IWPR's Open Minds, we students learned how to express ourselves and the problems of others through the media. We learned so much in the trainings. Malala Yousafzai Pakistani activist for female education and Nobel Prize laureate Driving ChangeShow All President Volodymyr Zelensky awarded the Order "For Courage" to judge Yulia Matveeva on December 16, 2022. © Supreme Court of Ukraine Ukraine: "I Want Justice to be Done” How a local judge was imprisoned for refusing a Russian request to serve on the “supreme court” of the so-called Donetsk People's Republic. Inside the basement of the school in the village of Yahidne where 368 civilians were kept by Russian forces for nearly a month in March 2022. © Irina Domashchenko Courtside Yahidne: Hearing Against 15 Russian Soldiers Ends In March 2022, nearly 400 civilians were crammed into a cellar and used as human shields by occupation forces. Smoke from a power station billows into the air over grazing cattle 20km from Bishkek in Novopokrovka. © VYACHESLAV OSELEDKO/AFP via Getty Images International Women's Day 2024 Women in Central Asia Lead on Climate Change Campaigners tackle widespread scepticism and lack of understanding of crisis. Ukraine War Diary by A. Borden Ukraine: We Cannot Tire of the Fight Nobel prizewinner emphasises that her country has no choice but to continue fighting. Ukraine Justice Briefing Tuesday, 5 March ‘24 This week’s overview of key events and links to essential reading. Ukraine War Diary by A. Borden Konstantinivka: Yet Another Day After Russian missile attack devastates railway station in eastern Ukraine town. A protester holds up photographs showing murdered civilians of the Ukrainian town of Bucha near Kyiv during a demonstration against the Russian military invasion of Ukraine on April 06, 2022 in Berlin, Germany. © Sean Gallup/Getty Images Comment Ukraine: Fighting for Human Values On the second anniversary of the full-scale invasion, Nobel prize-winner calls for world’s continued support and decisive action. Show more Ukraine War Diary by A. Borden Ukraine: The Challenge of Democracy in War How does a society protect its citizens' fundamental rights amid conflict? Ukraine War Diary by A. Borden Ukraine: The Need for Military Aid "When you're fighting for freedom against evil, you can't fight with bare hands." Ukraine Justice Briefing Tuesday, 27 February ‘24 This week’s overview of key events and links to essential reading. Family members attend the funeral of brother and sister Oleksandr and Iryna Hodak at a cemetery on October 09, 2023 in Hroza, Ukraine. On October 5 a Russian missile strike killed 52 people in a village near the eastern Ukrainian city of Kupiansk. Officials say one-fifth of the village died in the attack on civilians gathering at a wake in a cafe and shop. © Diego Fedele/Getty Images Interview “Success is the Establishment of Trust” Kyiv-based centre coordinating assistance for victims and witnesses helps them navigate legal complexities, social rehabilitation and intense trauma. Judges at the Chernihiv District Court on February 21, 2024 for the case against Russian soldiers Artem Tereshonkov and Vladyslav Dongak who are accused of shooting at a car with six civilians on March 3, 2022, killing two. © Irina Domashchenko Courtside Two Russian Soldiers to be Tried for Shooting Civilian Car, Killing Two The men opened fire with machine guns on a vehicle carrying fleeing villagers. Ukraine Justice Briefing Tuesday, 20 February ‘24 This week’s overview of key events and links to essential reading. Ukraine's Chernihiv District Court in session. © Irina Domashchenko Interview The Challenge of In Absentia Trials Procedures must be impeccably transparent, given international concerns about national courts’ impartiality during an armed conflict. A Ukrainian police officer stands guard in the hallway of a preliminary detention centre which is believed to have been used by Russian forces to jail and torture Ukrainians in Kherson, Ukraine. © Chris McGrath/Getty Images Courtside Russian "Commandant" Sentenced for Kidnapping Kherson Official Victim was beaten in an attempt to force him to collaborate with the occupation authorities. Ukraine Justice Briefing Tuesday, 13 February ‘24 This week’s overview of key events and links to essential reading. Show moreLATEST FROM IWPR's GLOBAL VOICES All regionsAll regionsAfricaAsiaEurope & EurasiaLatin America & the CaribbeanMiddle East & North Africa Stories by Topics Advanced search Featured Videos Anthony Borden interviews Oleksandra Matviichuk, 2022 Nobel Peace Prize co-recipient & Head of the Centre for Civil Liberties, Ukraine Ukraine: We Cannot Tire of the Fight Anthony Borden interviews Oleksandra Matviichuk, 2022 Nobel Peace Prize co-recipient & Head of the Centre for Civil Liberties, Ukraine Ukraine: The Need for Military Aid IWPR founder & executive director Anthony Borden reporting from Konstantinivka, Donetsk region, Ukraine. Konstantinivka: Yet Another Day After Video report by Anthony Borden and Mykhaylo Shtekel in Zaporizhzhia region, south-eastern Ukraine, 2 Nov 2023. Harsh Victory at Position X Vakulenko: The Diarist of Izyum - video by Anthony Borden and Mykhaylo Shtekel in Izyum, Kharkiv region, Ukraine. Ukraine: Justice on the Frontlines By Anthony Borden and Mykhaylo Shtekel in the Kharkiv Region, north-eastern Ukraine. Kupiansk: Fireworks in the Rain Video by Iryna Skosar and Artem Shevelov Ukraine: War Trains "This Camp is Uninhabitable" Unbroken The Man Who Lost Everything Video by Danil Pavlov Ukraine: Searching for the Dead “I Never Witnessed an Earthquake Like This” Civil Defence Risk All to Save Civilians Cancer Patient Denied Treatment Video by Anthony Borden, reporting from Posad-Pokrovs’ke, with translation and additional reporting by Mykhaylo Shtekel. Posad-Pokrovs’ke: “We Need a Whole New Village” "I Love You Cristiano" War Teens video by Iryna Skosar and Artem Shevelev Ukraine: War Teens 5 March 2024 Ukraine Justice Report - Issue 81 • Yahidne: Hearing Against 15 Russian Soldiers Ends• "I Want Justice to be Done”• Justice Briefing view report CAPIR logo WHAT’S NEW FROM IWPR IN LATIN AMERICAHighlights from IWPR’s Consortium to Support Independent Journalism in Latin America (CAPIR).News outlet Gato Encerrado revealed how El Salvador’s new interim president Claudia Juana Rodríguez de Guevara had received irregular payments from the city of San Salvador when her political ally and former leader Nayib Bukele served as mayor there. The story, the latest in a series of opaque dealings that have emerged between Bukele and the person he nominated to run the country as he seeks reelection, sparked a huge reaction on social media and was quoted in the local and international press.Show MoreThe Venezuelan Coalition to counter disinformation, C-Informa, published an investigation showing the extent of gender disinformation in the race to elect an opposition candidate for the presidency. Their story demonstrated how the three women in the primary race received 70 per cent of the disinformation attacks.An investigation supported by our grants revealed how the Colombian paramilitary group ELN has taken total control of Venezuelan communities in the border provinces of Táchira and Apure. The group, linked to drug trafficking and illegal mining, has replaced government services - and even controls local churches - using violence, fear and humilliation.Meanwhile, CAPIR beneficiary Poplab published an article showing how the government of the Mexican state of Guanajuato has financed the church to run social programmes with no requirements for accountability despite several cases of sexual abuse and violence against women and children and attempts to evangelise vulnerable populations in what are legally mandated secular activities.CAPIR project focus | CAPIR project website Ukraine Justice Report Ukraine Justice Report provides updated and in-depth coverage of judicial processes taking place across the country. View focus CABAR logo THIS WEEK ON CABAR.ASIAHighlights from IWPR’s Central Asia network of analysis and investigations.In Kazakstan, ArcelorMittal Temirtau, the country's largest mining company, enjoyed state support for decades. But the death of 46 miners in October brought this backing to an end. Meanwhile, in Uzbekistan, Tajik nationals serving sentences on espionage charges in Uzbek prisons ask for a review of their cases.Elsewhere, CABAR gets a unique insight into two of the eight Catholic nunneries still operating in northern Kazakstan.Show All Journalists Celia Pousset and Jennifer Avila. © Jennifer Avila/Twitter IWPR’s Latin America Work Wins Multiple Journalism Awards Investigations have been recognised by prestigious juries representing the EU, UN and national awards. Bela Jikaevi, protagonist of the film Haztag-Seperataing the Inseparable and Keti Magradze, film director and the winner of the 2020 edition of the EUMM Special Prize for Peace Journalism. Tbilisi, Georgia, October 4, 2022. © IWPR/David Mdzinarishvili Project Highlight Georgia: Peace Prize Winners Tell Tales of Reconciliation “The root of the intractability of the conflict is the alienation between the parties.” Tamar Chkhaidze (left), communications officer at the Human Rights House Tbilisi (HRHT) and Gulo Kokhodze, director of the news outlet Southern Gates. Kokhodze collected the Lekso Award on behalf of Teimuraz Inasaridz, winner in the category of best human rights article. © IWPR/HRHT Project Highlight Lekso Award: Supporting Journalism and Human Rights Pieces highlight plight of vulnerable and underrepresented communities in Georgia. [L to R] Goga Aptsiauri, award-winning Georgian journalist with Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty, Nino Natroshvili, UN Women's public relations and social media expert, and Zviad Koridze, independent media expert, discuss the importance of gender-sensitive reporting, in particular in times of war and conflicts, at a public discussion in Tbilisi on October 11, 2023. © IWPR/Georgian Charter of Journalistic Ethics Project Highlight Gender-Sensitive Reporting in Times of War New guidelines aim to support journalists in producing ethical conflict coverage. British Ambassador to Moldova Steven Fisher delivered the keynote speech during the launch of the Independent Countering Disinformation Centre (CDC) in Chișinău. © Mariana Aricova Project Highlight New Centre to Tackle Disinformation in Moldova IWPR launches one-stop shop for media and civil society to address Moldova’s hybrid threats. IWPR-supported initiative showed that Venezuelan government was heavily involved in distributing pro-regime disinformation. They also identified a network of social media accounts posing as media outlets that existed exclusively to promote Chavista issues in the global media. © Edilzon Gamez/Getty Images Reporting Impact Combating Disinformation in Venezuela Media and NGO alliance reveals extent to which the issue affects country’s online information space. IWPR’s Go Viral festival in Astana. © IWPR Project Highlight Go Viral Festival 2023 Wraps Up in Ashgabat Panel discussions, masterclasses, film screenings and music provides unique platform for youth across Central Asia. Show more Preserving Media Freedom Amid Conflict Round table highlights cases in which heavy-handed officials prevented access to information. Ukraine: Supporting Civil Society Oversight Resources will enable public activists, journalists and ordinary citizens to monitor state expenditures and investigate corruption. Georgian NGO Demlab conducted training sessions with doctors and health professionals about LGBTIQ+ sensitive communication. Project Highlight Building Resilience Across the Eastern Neighbourhood BREN aims to strengthen civil society and enhance the inclusion of women and marginalised groups. Participants attending panel discussion on Navigating the Future EU-Georgia Relations, Youth Empowerment, and Civic Engagement. © EYP Georgia Georgia: European Youth Parliament Meets Event provides space for information exchange and debate. Upcoming Event Russian State Disinformation in Latin America Event will give journalists and stakeholders the opportunity to learn how Russia uses these strategies around the world. Tbilisi-based journalist George Lomsadze held a session about reporting skills, with a focus on how to draft powerful pitches and structure long-form stories. © IWPR/Monica Ellena Project Highlight Journalists Sharpen Reporting Skills Armenian, Azerbaijani and Georgian reporters delve into often overlooked topics at IWPR workshop. Launched on July 12, 2023 in a public event in Chisinau, #Justice4Moldova is funded by the EU and Soros Foundation Moldova. © Institute for European Policies and Reforms Project Launch #Justice4Moldova Launches Project aims to support public oversight and trust into crucial changes planned for the judicial system. Nino Japaridze, Vice President at market research firm Edison Research talked with Chris Miller, author of Chip War, during a session named after the Financial Times’ 2022 Business Book of the Year. © IWPR Project Highlight LEADx Leadership Accelerator Five-day event brings over 200 multi-industry executives together to discuss digital diplomacy, disinformation and entrepreneurship. Siran Hovhannisyan (middle) of Women's Fund Armenia stated that flexible and unrestricted funding could provide a solution to media's financial independence. Hovhannisyan discussed the issue of media's challenges during a panel with journalist and activist Arman Gharibyan and Varser Karapetyan, project coordinator at the Human Rights House Yerevan. © IWPR Project Highlight The Impact of Conflict on Armenia’s Media Panel explores how security concerns have profoundly impacted country’s freedom of speech and fueled misinformation. Show moreIMPACT REPORTS All regionsAll regionsAfricaAsiaEurope & EurasiaLatin America & the CaribbeanMiddle East & North Africa Stories by Topics Advanced searchSpotlight Pages MIDDLE EASTThe Israel-Hamas Conflict 1 Nov 2023 GLOBALWorld Press Freedom Day 2023 3 May 2023 GLOBALInternational Women's Day 2023 8 Mar 2023 Show All Frontline Updates Subscribe Photo Essays Ukrainians have dug trenches along the crescent-shaped 1,000km-long front. The ditches are surrounding with barbed wire; sandbags and wooden planks are positioned along the muddy walls. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Hay bales covered in snow in Donetsk region. Ukraine’s winter is harsh and unforgiving: while fighting along the frontline continues the gruelling frost has slowed combat operations. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky An artilleryman of the 21st Separate Mechanised Brigade works on the 2s1 Gvozdika self-propelled artillery system, along the frontline in Donetsk region. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky In winter camouflage is arduous: with no leaves on the trees any colour changes are instantly noticeable in the all-white landscape. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Mortar launchers of the Mariupol 56th separate motorised infantry brigade work with a 120-mm mortar at the Bakhmut direction, © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky A serviceman with the infantry of the 24th Separate Mechanised Brigade. More than a million Ukrainian and Russian soldiers are estimated to be fighting in eastern Ukraine, as temperatures plummet and winter weather bites. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky A Ukrainian soldier in a “blindazh”, hidden bunker. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Cats are key allies in the trenches as they hunt mice, which infiltrate the ditches in search of food and warmth, at times chewing heating or internet cables. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky The harsh winter conditions have slowed the pace of combat operations but fighting continues. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky A cat resting with a soldier in a “blindazh, the soldiers’ dwellings in the trenches. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Weaponry of the infantry of the 24th Separate Mechanised Brigade. Named after King Danylo it holds positions near Horlivka, a town occupied since 2014. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Fighting continues amid the gruelling winter cold. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky An elderly couple living in a frontline village near Bakhmut shows photos of their children. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky man living in a frontline village near Bakhmut, in Donetsk region, indicates where an artillery shell hit his yard, destroyed the kitchen and crushing his car. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Despite the fighting and the impossible conditions, civilians have trickled back to de-occupied Ukrainian towns close to the front. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Artillerymen of the 21st Separate Mechanised Brigade work on the 2s1 Gvozdika self-propelled artillery system in Donetsk region. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky A family in a de-occupied village near Lyman, in Donetsk region. On October 3, 2022 Ukrainian forces liberated the town, home to one of Ukraine’s railway hubs, and found that 80 per cent of the buildings had been damaged or destroyed. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky People in frontline communities are determined to stay and carry on their lives, but conditions are harsher in the winter months. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Communities have stocked up on firewood, candles and gas canisters ahead of the winter months, but life along Ukraine’s fighting front remains precarious. © Oleh Arkhanhorodsky Along the Frontline in Ukraine’s Unforgiving Winter Madlena Ghahiryan with two of her nine grandchildren. “The journey from our homeland was harrowing. We had no food, not even bread… We found wood along the way, lit a fire and managed to roast some potatoes.” © Siranush Sargsyan Kindergarten No. 6 in Artashat, a city of 22,000 people in western Armenia, was turned into a temporary shelter for 74 people from Nagorny Karabakh. © Siranush Sargsyan Karine Harutyunyan, the director of the kindergarten, works distributing humanitarian aid sent by diaspora Armenians. Harutyunyan noted that they needed all basic household items including beds, blankets, household appliances and clothing as most people left with just the clothes they were wearing. © Siranush Sargsyan The 74 refugees hosted in the kindergarten come from various districts of Karabakh. They all arrived within days from Azerbaijan’s military offensive to regain control of the region after 30 years of conflict. © Siranush Sargsyan Marianna Abrahamyan’s most precious thing is her little parrot, the only thing the 14-year-old managed to take as she fled Stepanakert with her family. © Siranush Sargsyan Alvard Dadayan's daughter-in-law feeds children in the shelter. © Siranush Sargsyan Displaced families take turns using the only washing machine in the kindergarten. State aid programmes and support from NGOs and international organisations cannot address the needs of such a large number of people, note refugees and aid workers. © Siranush Sargsyan The kindergarten houses entire families in its small classrooms. © Siranush Sargsyan Madlena Ghahiryan irons clothes in one of the rooms of the kindergarten that has been turned into a living room. The 62-year-old nurse from the village of Khramort shares a room with 17 members of her family. © Siranush Sargsyan The journey to Armenia was particularly hard for old people like Julieta Shahbazyan, who, at 86, left her native village of Aygestan for the first time. She is living in the kindergarten with 23 members of her family. © Siranush Sargsyan Miriam, the wife of Julieta Shahbazyan’s grandson, is the only person in her extended family with a job: she works at the local confectionery factory in Artashat. © Siranush Sargsyan Alvard Dadayan's grandchildren live and play in the kindergarten. “They are my only joy,” said the 54-year-old from Stepanakert, who lost her husband in the 1990s during the first Karabakh war. © Siranush Sargsyan Hermine Hayrapetyan, 35, says she does not have concrete plans for the future. “We still struggle to grasp the full extent of what has happened to us, we do not know what the future holds.” © Siranush Sargsyan Hayrapetyan's nephew, Artur, is studying in one of the kindergarten’s corridors. He attends Artashat’s school number five. © Siranush Sargsyan Marianna and her cousin Anna. On September 19, as Azerbaijan launched its military offensive, communication was bad and Anna was missing. Her mother and aunt searched for her and found her in a basement in Stepanakert where strangers had sheltered her from the bombardments. © Siranush Sargsyan Nagorny Karabakh’s Armenians Struggle to Cope with Displacement Largely populated by ethnic Tajiks, Gelon sits at 2,336 metres, surrounded by the Hisar range, part of the Pamir-Alay mountain system. It can take up to three hours to cover the 70 kilometres from Uzbkistan’s southern city of Shakhrisabz to reach this high-altitude village. © Abdulhak Turgunov A woman carries grass on a donkey through the village. Donkeys and horses are key to the village as narrow streets and rough terrain make it difficult to use cars and other vehicles. Tractors also struggle with the uneven terrain; villagers largely plant their crops by hand and use donkeys and cows for ploughing. © Abdulhak Turgunov Tajiik “non” bread, is traditionally baked in the tandoor, a clay oven. Gelon has its own mill, which produces flour from locally grown grains. © Abdulhak Turgunov A couple head to the fields on a small tractor, a rarity in the area. The land around Gelon buzzes with life in summer as villagers prepare for the long, harsh winter months. They bring their crops, including the village’s famed potatoes, down to the valley and return with supplies to get through the winter when traveling down to the plain is extremely difficult. © Abdulhak Turgunov Animal husbandry is central to village life: cattle and flocks are kept on the ground floor of each house and villagers graze them in turns. Carpentry, blacksmithing, pottery and other crafts also support the local economy. © Abdulhak Turgunov A road sign indicating the way to Gelon is supplemented by a warning about the dangerous road ahead. © Abdulhak Turgunov A boy drives his sheep to pasture in the mountains. © Abdulhak Turgunov One of Gelon’s oldest residents, known as Grandfather Rozakul. In his late 70s, he is an example of the villagers’ longevity as the average life expectancy is 78-80 years, compared to Uzbekistan’s average of 73.8 years. © Abdulhak Turgunov The Hisorak reservoir at 1,800 metres above sea level provides water to the area. © Abdulhak Turgunov Cows head to the Hisorak reservoir, a key water resource for the area around Gelon. Scorching summers affect the reservoir’s water levels. © Abdulhak Turgunov A woman washes carpets in the street by her house. Carpets are central to Tajik houses and are regularly beaten and scrubbed. © Abdulhak Turgunov One of many local tandoors, the traditional oven made of clay used to baked non, Tajik bread. The village has two schools, a teahouse and a small market. A small museum displays traditional musical instruments and old photographs. © Abdulhak Turgunov Men at the entrance of the mosque named after Muhammad Ibn Geloni. The mosque is not only a place for prayers, but a centre for the local community. © Abdulhak Turgunov Gelon’s mosque named after Muhammad Ibn Geloni was built in 1848. © Abdulhak Turgunov Village elders outside the mosque. Usto Toichi (left) is Gelon’s well-known carpenter and knife maker. © Abdulhak Turgunov Residents work on the roof of an old house, near one of the local tandoor bread ovens. In the close-knit community mutual support is important: residents say they all know each other “up to the seventh generation”. © Abdulhak Turgunov A woman pours grain on the roof. Some of the village’s oldest houses have an earthen roof and residents use the surface to dry fruit and grain. © Abdulhak Turgunov Gelon’s ambulance. The village has a small clinic, which serves various communities in the area. © Abdulhak Turgunov Children learn very early in their life to ride donkeys as the animals are key to life in the village. © Abdulhak Turgunov Nizоm, a driver, in his garden. © Abdulhak Turgunov The Tajik Community on Uzbekistan’s Highlands A resident ventures out of his apartment block in north Saltivka. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Serhiy, 59, cooks dinner with neighbours and friends on a open fire in the yard of his apartment block. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A resident in north Saltivka’s Str. Nataly Uzhviy street chops trees. The whole area lacks electricity and gas and people resort to cutting trees to cook and warm themselves. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Saltivka resident shows a soldier the most damaged places in Barabasovo market. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Firefighters brigade rush to Nataly Uzhviy street as Russian troops shell the northern area of Saltivka. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A destroyed Russian tank sits abandoned on tram tracks in south Saltivka. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Firefighters tame a fire in an apartment block on. Lesya Serduka streets after rockets were fired on north Saltivka. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A woman rides her bicycle trough destroyed houses and deserted streets in north Saltivka in early April when the district suffered some of the most intense shelling. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A room in the half-destroyed School 172 is used as a communal kitchen with an open fire. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Weeks of relentless shelling has left the sprawling district littered with burned car and destroyed houses. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A man stares at his flat struck by a Russian rocket in mid-April 2022. © Oleksandr Magula A destroyed house with graffiti reading "Люди" – People. (April 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Mykhail indicates what remains of his apartment after a day of shelling. His block still stands, but little more than ash remains of many flats. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Panorama view of North Saltivka and abandoned apartments. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A view of what remains of Lesya Serdyka street. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula A Ukrainian army checkpoint during a demining operation in northern Saltivka. Mines as well as remnants of rockets, abandoned military vehicles and also widely banned cluster munitions are all across the district. (May 2022) © Oleksandr Magula Kharkiv’s Ghost District The troupe of the Drama Theater of Mariupol at the end of the play. © Sergey Hudak Ihor Kitrysh and Olena Bila, both 41, worked together in Mariupol for 19 years. After a Russian rocket destroyed their apartment, the couple and their ten-year-old son moved in to the theatre’s costume workshop. On March 15, they decided to leave and head to the Kharkiv region, where Ihor is originally from. From there, they traveled to Chernivtsi, western Ukraine, where they worked in the local theatre. They then moved to Uzhhorod when they learnt that the crew would revive the theatre there. © Sergey Hudak Actor Dmytro Murantsev, 22, was in the theatre basement with his girlfriend when the Russians shelled the building. They survived because they stayed down as his girlfriend was cooking fish on a fire. When the basement filled with dust, they managed to get out. “I remember that it was cold and that we ran. I was in my Spiderman pyjamas.” © Sergey Hudak Lyudmila Kolosovych follows the rehearsal of Cry of a Nation. The 58-year-old acting director of the Mariupol Drama Theater joined the crew in 2020. “I chose to relocate to Uzhhorod because it is the farthest point from military operations. In such conditions, actors will be able to be calm and focus on their work.” © Sergey Hudak Vera Lebedynska, 64, sheltered from the shelling in the theatre for two weeks. She survived the March 16 attack. "We ran over corpses," she recalled. It took her eight days to get from Mariupol to Zaporizhzhia. Traumatised, she made it to the Lviv region where she stopped, trying to recover. But when she heard about the revival of the Mariupol theatre, "I immediately said ‘I'm coming!" © Sergey Hudak Anatoly Shevchenko, 68, has been with the Mariupol Drama Theatre’s crew for 23 years. He endured the shelling of the port city with his mother and sister. When his mother died of a heart attack, Shevchenko could not bury her. He still struggles to come to terms with it. Together with his sister he was sent to a filtration camp and then to Russia. From there they managed to get to Georgia, then to Germany and Poland. Finally, they made it back into Ukraine. © Sergey Hudak People look at photographs from the frontline in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, by photojournalist Serhiy Vaganov. An exhibition was organised in the foyer of the Transcarpathian Regional Music and Drama Theatre in Uzhhorod. © Sergey Hudak A member of Ukraine’s armed forces stares at photographs from the frontline in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, by photojournalist Serhiy Vaganov. © Sergey Hudak Uzhhorod writer Bundy Sholtes in the foyer of the Transcarpathian Regional Music and Drama Theatre. © Sergey Hudak The seven actors in a scene of Cry of a Nation. © Sergey Hudak Ihor Kitrysh as Vasyl Stus, a Ukrainian writer who died in a Soviet labor camp in 1985 at the age of 47. © Sergey Hudak A scene from the play Cry of a Nation. © Sergey Hudak The stage of the Mariupol theatre during Cry of a Nation. © Sergey Hudak Ihor Kitrysh and Olena Bila and their ten-year-old son Matviy in their role of Vasyl Stus, his wife and son Dmytro. © Sergey Hudak A scene from the performance of Cry of a Nation. © Sergey Hudak Cry of the Nation ends with Stus' call to fight for Ukraine and the audience breaks into a standing ovation. © Sergey Hudak Mariupol Drama Theatre actors at the end of their first show since the bombing of the building on March 16. © Sergey Hudak A woman wipes her tears after the performance Cry of a Nation. Mariupol Theatre’s Actors Interpret the Cry of a Nation Vasyl leaves the battlefield after being wounded. He lost his son, a soldier, in early March. © Anatoliy Stepanov Russian T-72 tank on fire after a clash with the armed forces of Ukraine, Lugansk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A Ukrainian MLRS Grad is shot from Ukrainian positions in Luhansk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov Ukrainian soldiers fight near the village of Zolote, Lugansk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A Ukrainian soldier walks near a destroyed Russian tank in the village of Gusarovka, in Kharkiv region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A soldier's boot splattered with blood in the waiting room of a military hospital in Kramatorsk, north of Donetsk. © Anatoliy Stepanov A Ukrainian tanker surfaces from the military vehicle after a successful battle south of Kharkiv region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A Ukrainian soldier walks past a missile from the MLRS Uragan at a frontline position near Izyum. The town, about 124 kilometres south of Kharkiv, was the site of a fierce battle as Russian sought to control it due to its importance as a transport node. © Anatoliy Stepanov Ukrainian soldiers preparing for an attack in Luhansk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov Ukrainian artillerymen rest at their positions in the Lugansk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A military medic and police officers try to help people after a rocket attack on the railway station in Kramatorsk, a city with a pre-war population of 157,000, north of Donetsk, eastern Ukraine. © Anatoliy Stepanov Eva plays with her kitten near the shelter where she lives with her mother and brother in the city of Rubizhne, about 117 kilometres north of Luhansk. © Anatoliy Stepanov A resident of the city of Lysychansk walks past the remains of a Smerch rocket on a city street in April. © Anatoliy Stepanov Residents of Lysychansk examine the crater from the explosion of a FAB 500 air bomb in the courtyard of a multi-storey building in mid-April. © Anatoliy Stepanov Kharkiv residents in the city’s Geroev Pratsi metro station. Many families have sheltered in metro stations for over two months. © Anatoliy Stepanov Residents of Lyman, a town controlled by the Russian-backed separatists of the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, in an armoured bus during the evacuation of the village of Rayhorodka, Donetsk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov Volunteers carry Lyman resident Nina Tikhomirova on a stretcher into an ambulance during her evacuation from the village of Raigorodka, Donetsk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov A private house destroyed by an artillery shell in the village of Mykolaivka, Donetsk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov Employees of Ukraine’s state emergency situations service help a disabled person during the evacuation of civilians at the railway station in the city of Pokrovsk, in Donetsk region. © Anatoliy Stepanov Residents of Severodonetsk hide in the basement of a house during artillery shelling. © Anatoliy Stepanov A wounded resident of Severodonetsk in the hospital before surgery. A shell exploded in his yard in April. © Anatoliy Stepanov Residents of Severodonetsk come out of hiding after shelling, four days after Russia launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine. An apartment building in Bakhmut destroyed by rocket fire on June 13, 2022. Civilians feel the onslaught of advancing Russian troops in the city located about 60 kilometres south-west of Severodonetsk and is located on the main road leading to the city at the epicentre of the fighting. © Anatoliy Stepanov Ukraine: The Fight for the “Dead Cities” Women dance to mark Navruz in Baysun, a village in Uzbekistan’s south-eastern region of Surkhandarya. The village is known for its festival, the Baysun Bahori, meaning Spring of Baysun. © Abdulkhak Turgunov Sprouted grain is a symbol of Navruz andit can be found on every table in the communities marking the festivity, from the Balkans to Central Asia. Shoots are usually of wheat, but they can also be of barley or lentils, and are an auspicious symbol for abundant harvest and prosperity. Grown on a plate, they are the centrepiece of all Navruz tables. © Abdulkhak Turgunov Women sing and play the doira, Uzbekistan’s national musical instrument. A tambourine-like instrument, the doira has a medium-sized frame with a tightly stretched membrane and jingles attached. Also known as daf, it is considered one of Central Asia’s most ancient percussive instruments and it was originally played only by women during shamanic rituals. © Abdulkhak Turgunov A folk ensemble performs during Navruz. © Abdulkhak Turgunov Traditionally cooked only by women, sumalak’s origins are shrouded in legend. According to one Uzbek story, a poor woman, needing to feed her four children, put river pebbles and a bunch of grass in her biggest cauldron and cooked it for a long time so that her kids would fall asleep without asking for food. She also fell asleep and when she woke up found the cauldron full of a brown, sweet and nourishing paste. She thought that angels, witnessing her plight, decided to help her. She fed her children and shared the food with neighbours, a custom which remains today. © Abdulkhak Turgunov A large bonfire welcomed Navruz in Tajikistan’s capital Dushanbe on the night of March 21, 2023. In villages and towns across the countries marking the celebration, people jump over small fires to symbolise a leap from the past towards the future. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov A man dances near the Navruz bonfire, in central Dushanbe. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Women stirring large quantities of sumalak in Dushanbe. One legend about the dish involves a farmer, who moistened wheat grains as he prepared to sow. The grains sprouted, so he asked his wife to cook them so they would not go to waste. After a long boil, the dish turned into the sweet paste still eaten today. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Women sell plates of sumalak at a Navruz fair in Dushanbe. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Women sing and play the doira, also known as daf. The tambourine-like instrument has a frame with a tightly stretched membrane and jingles attached. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov A buzkashi competition in a field in Vahdat, a suburb of Dushanbe. In Tajikistan’s traditional equestrian sport, common also in Afghanistan, men on horseback take the carcass of a dead goat from each other and throw it into a goal. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov A Tajik woman in traditional clothes plays the daf, or doira, a tambourine-like instrument with jingles, played across Central Asia. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Tajik women sit at a covered dastarkhan, a traditional space where food is eaten. It comes from the Turkic word meaning tablecloth. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Tajik young women in national clothes. © Abdurakhmon Rakhmonov Celebrating Navruz, the Spring Jubilee A woman stands in the centre of Tiraspol, holding a No War sign. Public opinion about the war remains divided: there are between 100,000 and 120,000 Ukrainians living in the region, but ties with Russia are strong. © Alexander Udodov Tents and temporary sanitary facilities were set up at Kuchurgan-Pervomaisk, the main crossing point between Transnistria and Ukraine, in Odesa region. Ukraine shut its side of the border on February 28. © Alexander Udodov The Transnistrian side of the now-closed Kuchurgan-Pervomaisk crossing point with Ukraine. The closest village on the other side is Mayak, about three kilometres away. Transnistria has welcomed up to 6,000 refugees. © Alexander Udodov Food and basic items to be distributed to Ukrainian refugees in Palanca, a Moldovan village about 65 km from the Black Sea port of Odesa. © Alexander Udodov A sign says No War in a Tiraspol apartment hosting refugees from Ukraine. Authorities have allocated temporary housing for Ukrainians crossing into Transnistria, with many residents making their homes available. © Alexander Udodov Job advertisements to work in Moscow and other Russian cities are an everyday sight in Transnistria. An estimated one third of the territory’s residents work in Russia. Leaflets offering jobs in Poland are also becoming more common. © Alexander Udodov A Russian flag painted on an apartment block in a residential area. Ties with Russia are profound, and Russians are about 29 per cent of the region’s 473,000 residents, making them the largest group. © Alexander Udodov A supermarket belonging to Sheriff Ltd, the region’s largest holding. The company, created in the mid-1990s by Viktor Gusan and Ilya Kazmaly, is said to control 60 per cent of the economy. It comprises supermarkets, gas stations, hotels, a mobile phone network, bakeries and a distillery as well as a mini media empire of radio and TV stations. © Alexander Udodov An old woman begs in central Tiraspol by the equestrian monument dedicated to Alexander Vasilyevich Suvorov, the Russian general who founded the city in 1792. Poverty is high, particularly among old people, and low salaries push hundreds out of the region every year in search of jobs. © Alexander Udodov A lone musician busks in the centre of Tiraspol by a sign indicating that all the money raised will be donated to refugee assistance. © Alexander Udodov A billboard reads Transnistria is Founded to Live on the flag of the breakaway republic, the only one in the world that still bears the hammer and sickle insignia. The banner marks the 30th anniversary of the de facto authorities’ declaration of independence, on September 2, 1990. © Alexander Udodov The entrance of one of Russia’s two military bases in the region. There is also another base in the city of Bender, but ordinary people do not have access to it. © Alexander Udodov The officers’ quarters of the Russian army in Tiraspol. © Alexander Udodov People queue at the cash machine of one of the branches of the Russian Sberbank bank in Tiraspol. © Alexander Udodov A woman wears a mask on a bus in Tiraspol. The region has been supplied with Covid-19 vaccines from both the Russian Federation and Moldova. The authorities offer vaccines to Ukrainian refugees who have not been immunised. © Alexandru Vengher An elderly woman wears a mask on a bus in Tiraspol. © Alexandru Vengher A bust of Lenin sits in front of the House of Soviets, one of Tiraspol’s landmarks and home to the city’s de facto local authorities. Built in the 1950s, the four-storey building features a massive ten-column portico. © Alexander Udodov An imperious statue of Lenin guards Transnistria’s Brutalist de facto parliament in Tiraspol. © Alexander Udodov A bust of Lenin in front of an administrative building in Tiraspol, with the territory’s red-green-red flag. Featuring a golden hammer and sickle, it was the official flag of the Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic until the fall of the USSR and was adopted by the region in 2000. © Alexander Udodov Ukrainians Seek Refuge in Transnistria “Happy Chanukah” and a menorah stitched on cloth during a children’s gathering at the Mygdal Jewish Centre. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR A giant menorah was erected in the heart of Odesa, close to the landmark statue of Duc de Richelieu, the Frenchman who played a key role in making Odesa a flourishing port. Only people with a special pass can access the area, which has been off limits since the beginning of the invasion. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR A billboard reads “The brave carries the light”. It is dedicated to the city electricians working around the clock to repair the electric grid. Russian attacks in Odesa region has put the grid under pressure and left hundreds of thousands with no electricity or heating. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Mikhailo is about to light the first candle at the Mygdal Jewish Centre. A former student of the centre, he returned to Odesa from Lviv, where he currently lives, to celebrate Hannukah. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Preparing the krustyky, traditional Ukrainian fried biscuits, at Odesa’s main Jewish community centre, Mygdal Jewish Centre. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Children at the Odesa’s Mygdal Jewish Centre during Hannukah. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Activities with children at Odesa’s Mygdal Jewish Centre during Hannukah. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Activities with children at Odesa’s Mygdal Jewish Centre during Hannukah. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Children prepare the dough that will be used to cook krustyky, traditional Ukrainian fried biscuits, at Odesa’s main Jewish community centre, Mygdal Jewish Centre. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Two older people at the Odesa’s main Jewish community centre, Mygdal Jewish Centre. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Stained glass decorate the windows in Odesa’s main Jewish community centre, Mygdal Jewish Centre. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR People gathering in Odesa’s main Jewish community centre, Mygdal Jewish Centre, ahead of lighting the third candle of Hannukah. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Dim light in the Brod synagogue in Odesa. In Soviet times, the synagogue was closed and the building was handed over to the regional archive. While it has been recognised as a monument, the archive remains in the premises: the Jewish community has tried to get the building back to its sacred purpose but no decision has been taken. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR A couple eat at candlelight in a café in Odesa. Like most of Ukraine, the city remains in the dark as Russian shelling has been targeting power plants across the country, leaving millions with no electricity and no heating. © Zhenia Pedin / IWPR Light Over Darkness: Hannukah in Odesa The Manasyan brothers - Vigen, 46, and Arthur, 38 - get ready for the harvest. Most of their arable lands fell under Azerbaijani control in 2020, but they retain a small wheatfield near their house and tend vineyards for an owner who too scared to go there due to the proximity of Azerbaijan’s military posts. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR A vehicle loaded with soil drives into Machkalashen, a village of a few hundred residents in Karabakh’s Martuni district and a few hundred yards from Azerbaijani controlled territory. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Originally from Hadrut, Shushan moved to Machkalashen when she got married. Three of her four sons are serving in the army, the youngest is still in school. “If there is another war, we will all be killed, now we have nowhere to go. Before the 44-day war our borders were further away, we felt safer - at a greater distance from the border and the enemy, but now it is too close,” she told IWPR. Hadrut fell under Azerbaijani control in 2020 and she laments not being able to visit the grave of her relatives, including her father’s, who died in the first Karabakh war in the 1990s. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Machkalashen’s shop is the village’s central meeting place where residents gather to discuss daily news, the situation on the border and plan their agricultural work. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR The harvest does not stop, even though the vineyards the Manasyans tend are less than a kilometre from Azerbaijan’s military positions. In 2021, Azerbaijani troops inched forward and tried to position themselves right by the vineyard. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Shushan, Sareda, Nora during the harvest. Resident use large parts of the harvest, producing wine and vodka for personal use, but some of it is sold to wine producers. The main winery among Karabakh’s 15 producers, Kataro, was based in the village of Togh, in Hadrut region, which fell under the control of Azerbaijan in 2020. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Anush and Arthur Manasyan married 11 years ago and have two children. The couple live with Arthur’s mother, and his brother Vigen lives with his family in the house next door. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Workers join forces to push the truck where grapes are unloaded from the buckets. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Bunches of Rkatsitelli pile up by the truck. Once full, it will be driven to Martuni where the grapes will be unloaded at the local branch of the BH Brandy Company, a Yerevan-based brand producing about one million bottles a year of wine, brandy and vodka. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Heno, 76, helps his neighbours during the harvest. During the first Karabakh war, a Grad rocket exploded in his house, killing his wife Sharmagh and leaving him to raise their six children alone. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR The coffee breaks in the vineyards are an opportunity to recover energy and unload tension: the awareness of being so close to the borderline never leaves the locals. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR The main church in Amaras valley, St. Grigoris, dates back to the fourth century. Locals say that the soil around the monastery has healing powers because it was soaked in the holy blood of the eponymous saint. Mesrop Mashtots, the inventor of the Armenian alphabet, reportedly opened the first Armenian school in the monastery. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR In Sos, Anush is with pupils who have just finished a class with their chess teacher, Margo. Chess is a mandatory subject in second, third and fourth grade. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Winters are cold in the highlands in Sos and Machkalashen. In the school yard wood is being collected to be used as firewood during the winter season. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Sareda, 66, holds the portrait of her son Sevak, who was killed by a combat drone in the 2020 war. He was the first of Machkalashen’s 11 victims. “I stayed in the village until the end, thinking that I could protect my son, but I couldn't,” she said. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR Nora fled Azerbaijan’s south-western town of Fizuli, Varanda in Armenian, during the first Karabakh war. All her children live in Armenia with their families, but she decided to stay in her grandfather's house in Machkalashen village. © Siranush Sargsyan/IWPR A Fearful Harvest in Karabakh’s Vineyards Lyudmila Kudelya, 73, hangs laundry near the ruins of her son's house, which burned down after a 120-mm mine hit their yard in February 2017. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR Lyudmila on the doorstep of her house in Avdiivka. “Victor and I received this land slot from the [coke] plant. There was a pasture. We were young, strong. I remember on the first of May, on holidays, we cleared everything here and began to build the house.” (February 3, 2022) © IWPR An abandoned house in the village of Pisky, in Donetsk region, bears the sign of heavy artillery. Before the war, the village had a population of about 3,000 people. Today only 40 remain, all of them elderly. (December 13, 2021) © IWPR A piano and the remains of belongings in an abandoned kindergarten in Pisky. The village lies a handful of kilometres from the airport of Donetsk. At the height of the fighting for the control of the airport, the village was a key crossing point for the Ukrainian army. The airport fell to the control of the Russian-backed militias in January 2015. (January 25, 2022) © IWPR An old Soviet car in an abandoned house in Pisky, Donetsk region (December 13, 2021) © IWPR A family photo album lies abandoned in an empty apartment building in Pisky, Donetsk region (January 25, 2022) © IWPR Sergiy, 58, at the window of his house in Avdiivka. In 2018, several 120 mm and 82 mm calibre mortar mines hit his yard. “A large mine fell in front of the house. A few more around the house. Thanks to the volunteers, one new window was set up. The second space for window I closed with boxes of sand. I do not want this all to start again. But I live in fear.” (February 3, 2022) © IWPR An abandoned apartment building destroyed by heavy shelling in Pisky, Donetsk region. (December 15, 2021) © IWPR An abandoned house in the outskirts of Avdiivka. The city was subjected to constant heavy shelling between 2014 and 2018. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR In Avdiivka, Lidia, 61, looks after the house of her neighbour, Darya. In the spring of 2017, several 120 mm mortar rounds hit Darya’s yard. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR An abandoned house in the outskirts of Avdiivka, Donetsk region. Between January 29 and February 4 2017, the city was embroiled in heavy fighting, which left the city without electricity and heating for several days. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR Lyudmila, 73, stands near the remains of her son's house. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR Lyudmila, 73, in her courtyard. After her son’s house was destroyed, he moved into a house in the same neighbourhood. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR A portrait of Victor Kudelya, Lyudmila’s husband, taken on February 25, 2017 after artillery from the Russian-backed militias hit his son’s house. He died in 2018. © IWPR Abandoned apartment buildings in Pisky. (December 15, 2021) Due to the brutal shelling by the end of 2014, almost all residents had left the village. © IWPR Private houses, deeply damaged by shelling, in the outskirts of Avdiivka. The area between Avdiivka and the neighbouring Yasynuvata, under separatist control, remains one of the hotspots of the conflict. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR A damaged and abandoned private house in the outskirts of Avdiivka. (February 3, 2022) © IWPR Ukraine: Elderly People On the Frontline Battle Loneliness and Fear Kartli was built in Soviet times as a sanatorium for patients with heart conditions. As hundreds of thousands of Georgians fled Abkhazia at the end of the conflict in late 1993, authorities allocated about 200 families housing there in what was supposed to be a temporary measure. Thirty years on, 130 are still there. © David Mdzinarishvili Residents of the Soviet-era sanatorium-turned-collective centre Kartli protest against dire living conditions in front of the ministry of internally displaced persons from the occupied territories. © David Mdzinarishvili Neighbours chat in one of the corridors; laundry hangs in the background. The 14-square-metre rooms were meant to house a maximum of two people at a time, but since the 1990s have been home to entire families. © David Mdzinarishvili Nanuli Shulaia, 62, is originally from Sokumi, Abkhazia’s capital city. In January, debris fell from the ceiling, narrowly missing her grandson. “We temporarily moved the kids to our relatives – staying here is very risky. New cracks appear on the wall every day, while the existing ones grow even deeper,” she said. © David Mdzinarishvili Nanuli Shulaia. There is no natural gas in the building. Most of the IDPs get their heating from pellet stoves or electric heating. This is not enough to dry up the damp walls. © David Mdzinarishvili Nanuli Shulaia in her room. “In Sokhumi, I left a three-bedroom apartment and two-storey house. When we came here, I started crying – how could we fit into one room? My mother-in-law reassured me that we’d survive here a few months and then go back home. I was 32 then, I am 62 now,” she said. © David Mdzinarishvili A resident of the Kartli complex folds laundry in a corridor where residents hang up clothes since the rooms are too small. © David Mdzinarishvili The sanatorium-turned-collective centre stands by the so-called Tbilisi Sea, an artificial lake that serves as the capital’s water reservoir. © David Mdzinarishvili Irma Nachkebia, 52, from Sokhumi, shows the crumbling conditions of the building. © David Mdzinarishvili Irma Nachkebia, 52, displays her abandoned house in Abkhazia on her phone. The photo was sent to her by acquaintances. © David Mdzinarishvili Irma Nachkebia and her neighbour Maluza Baghbaia, 54, from Ochamchire, watch videos of Sokhumi they found online. © David Mdzinarishvili Gela Ormotsadze, 38, and Diana Davlianidze, 49, discuss the government’s offer regarding their relocation. Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili offered IDPS in Kartli the possibility of either searching for a new place by themselves (the price must be maximum 550 US dollars per square metre) or waiting for housing due to be completed by the end of 2022. Before that, the government will provide 300 Georgian Lari (100 US dollars) per month to cover rent expenses. © David Mdzinarishvili Gela Ormotsadze, 38, shows the deeply damaged walls in Kartli. The complex, comprising two buildings, is slowly collapsing as the foundations are fragile due to water infiltration. © David Mdzinarishvili Six-year-old Elene sits on the bed of in her aunt’s 14 sq metre room. © David Mdzinarishvili Diana Davlianidze, 49, looks out from the window by the banner, “Maybe at least you can be helped.” On January 16, Zurab Kiria, 52, an IDP, killed himself. According to his neighbours, his last words were, “Maybe at least you can be helped.” © David Mdzinarishvili Laundry hanging out to dry in the corridor of the former sanatorium. © David Mdzinarishvili An old couch and broken watch in the hall in one of the two buildings of the Kartli complex. © David Mdzinarishvili A corner of the entrance hall of the Soviet sanatorium, which was turned into collective centre in 1992. What was supposed to be a temporary housing measure for the hundreds of thousands of Georgians fleeing Abkhazia turned into permanent housing. © David Mdzinarishvili An internally displaced woman from Abkhazia hangs laundry from the window of her room in Kartli. © David Mdzinarishvili Laundry and a three-wheeled bike in the entrance hall of the former sanatorium. © David Mdzinarishvili Georgian Displaced Still Long for a Home The ruins of Petro's house after it was hit by four rockets. © IWPR The wreckage of a bridge en route to the Polis’kyi region. © IWPR Destroyed military equipment scattered across the road on the drive from Kyiv. © IWPR Leftover Russian ammunition lies abandoned in Zirka. © IWPR The Maryanivka community centre, decorated in the colours of the Ukrainian flag. © IWPR Locals sit outside a typical wooden house in Zirka. © IWPR Children play in the village of Rahivka, south west of Zirka. © IWPR Lyudmyla Yankina (left) distributes aid in the village of Rahivka © IWPR Halyna Mykytivna Semenenko, a former factory and post-office worker in the village of Zirka. © IWPR Ruslana Morina (centre), a primary school teacher, stands with fellow locals. A house in the village of Zirka. Ihor Denysiuk, a builder and beekeeper in the village of Zirka. © IWPR A water tower decnrated in the colours of the national flag lies destroyed in Zirka. © IWPR A poster advertising tours of the Chernobyl former nuclear site. © IWPR Storks come to nest in Zirka village. © IWPR The remnants of a Russian base lie abandoned in Luhovyky. © IWPR All that was left of an improvised base for Russian soldiers in Luhovyky. © IWPR The Russian soldiers left scattered remnants of equipment behind when they moved on from in Luhovyky. Life on the Chernobyl Front A man stands in front of the sign “I Love Ukraine” in Maidan Nezalezhnosti, the capital’s central square. Since the start of Ukraine's independence movement in 1990, the Maidan has been the site of political rallies including large-scale radical protest campaigns as well as the 2014 demonstrations. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Queues at bank machines in Irpin, a town of 60,000 in the Kyiv region’s northwest. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR A message at a bank machine in Irpin states that it has run out of cash. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR On the horizon smoke comes from the Hostomel airport. About 10 kilometres from Kyiv, Hostomel is a key international cargo airfield and home to the Antonov aircraft company. Kyiv forces re-took control of the airfield after Russian troops tried to seize it. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR A long queue at a gas station starts in Irpin, just beyond Kyiv’s city boundary. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR A poster in downtown Kyiv calls on Ukrainians to join the Territorial Defence Unit, a military reserve component of the armed forces with auxiliary functions. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Khreshchatyk, Kyiv’s main street, is deserted in the early evening hours. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR People with travel bags rushing to a shelter in the centre of Kyiv. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR man sits in a parking lot in front of a closed shopping centre in Irpin, a town just beyond Kyiv’s city boundaries. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR The deserted parking lot of a large shopping centre in Irpin. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Lights in the gas station have been turned off, presumably to avoid drawing attention to crowded sites as the battle for control of the Hostomel airfield rages less than eight km away from Irpin. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Vasily and Yesenia walk in the deserted centre of Kyiv. “We went out for a walk in the evening. We feel more scared at home." (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Staff in a supermarket in Bucha send customers away as it now operates with reduced working hours. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Valery Fedulkin and Galina Fedulkina fled from Donetsk to Irpin in 2016 as they wanted to live away from the conflict. They lie on the bed near their “go” bags. (February 24, 2022) © IWPR Civilians Take Cover as Russians Invade Kyiv Krasnopliske cemetery of unidentified defenders of Ukraine in Dnipro. © Zoya Shu Inna Dumchyk, Lozivatka, (Kriviy Rig region) – Yaroslav Dumchyk went missing near Ilovaisk, in Donetsk region, during the 26 days of fighting between Ukrainian forces and Russian-supported and armed militias. The city fell into the pro-Moscow forces on September 2, 2014. Yaroslav’s mother, Inna, says that he called her in December of the same year. © Zoya Shu Liliana Kolesova, Pokrovsk (Donetsk region) – Liliana last saw her son as a teenager. Today, Yevhen would be 25. In July 2014, 17-year-old Yevhen got into a car with three acquaintances in his native Pokrovsk, a city of about 60,000 people in Donetsk region. None of the four young men have returned or has been found thus far. © Zoya Shu Maryna Tsyba, Pavlograd (Dnipropetrovsk region) – Serhiy Shevchenko’s medals still hang in his room. He was a good volleyball player but admired the army and after graduating from school he signed up and enlisted. © Zoya Shu Galina Pugachova, Kharkiv – The first time Pavlo went to the seaside he returned with a gift for his mother Galina: a seagull's feather. He was 11. © Zoya Shu Yadviga Lozinska, Dnipro – Yadviga has not touched Andriy's closet; his son’s belongings are still there. © Zoya Shu Larisa Martyrosova, Pokrovsk (Donetsk region) – “My son Spartak lived with a girl. He left to get groceries by car on August 20, 2014. At night, they called his girlfriend and asked if Spartak Martyrosov was her husband. They said that he was in Makiivka in a basement, kept by Zakriev Mansur, a Chechen militiaman.” © Zoya Shu Victoria Yaremchuk, Kropivnitsky (Kirovhrad region) – Oleksandr Yaremchuk went missing on Ukraine’s independence day, on August 24, 2014. The history and law teacher-turned-soldier was evacuating the wounded from Savur-Mohyla, in Donetsk region, close to the Russian border. © Zoya Shu Kateryna Khomyak, Lutsk Kateryna – Khomyak’s two sons, Dmytro and Volodymyr, served in the Aydar Battalion. They went missing after the battalion was ambushed south of Shchastia on September 5, 2014. © Zoya Shu Tetiana Dobrovolska, Kropivnitsky (Kirovhrad region) – "Serhiy is alive somewhere, a witness saw him in 2016 in a basement in the Donetsk region, and then he was seen in a prison in Makiivka,” Tetiana Dobrovolska believes. © Zoya Shu Svitlana Anikina, Pavlograd (Dnipropetrovsk region) – Maksym Anikin was 24 when he vanished in Ilovaisk. He was a crew member of a BMP-2 tank in the 93rd separate mechanized brigade. © Zoya Shu Ukrainian Mothers Cling on to Hope Simple wooden crosses with numbers mark graves in Pishchanske cemetery on Shakespeare Street in Izyum’s outskirts, where Russians buried most of the residents who died during the occupation. © Danil Pavlov Employees of Ukraine’s state emergency service carry a body bag in the pine forest in the outskirts of the retaken town of Izyum. Ukrainian authorities discovered a mass burial site with hundreds of graves. © Danil Pavlov Protected by head-to-toe suits and rubber gloves, workers recover the remains of the victims. They carefully collect and classify all possible objects, which could help to identify those buried in unmarked graves. © Danil Pavlov An investigator examines an exhumed body. As of November, 447 bodies had been found, of both military personnel and civilians, including children. On November 28, DNA analysis identified the body of Volodymyr Vakulenko, a young poet and writer, who kept a diary about Russian occupation and hid it under a cherry tree in his garden. © Danil Pavlov A black bag containing an exhumed body from the mass grave in Izyum reads 344 “Unknown man”. © Danil Pavlov Police officers work in a tent near the mass burial site. © Danil Pavlov A refrigerated truck transports exhumed bodies from Izyum’s mass grave site. © Danil Pavlov Priest Yuriy Potykun conducts a memorial service at the mass burial site in the forest on the outskirts of Izyum. © Danil Pavlov Viktor Sytnyk, 64, holds the death certificate of his mother Natalia who died on May 21. After a rocket hit their house, she was rushed to the local hospital and underwent surgery, but died following a traumatic shock. © Danil Pavlov After detailing the circumstances of how his mother died to the prosecutor, Viktor Sytnyk signs a statement giving his consent to provide DNA samples and process personal data. © Danil Pavlov Prosecutor Ivan Likhovyn sorts Viktor Sytnyk’s DNA samples. Cotton swabs are rubbed inside his cheek, packed in an envelope and sent for forensic analysis. © Danil Pavlov Prosecutor Ivan Likhovyn packs Viktor Sytnyk's DNA samples in an envelope. The sample will be added to the database with those collected from exhumed bodies in the mass grave to find a match. © Danil Pavlov The investigator records the details of the death of Victor Sytnyk's mother. By the time Viktor had arranged the funeral and returned to the morgue, his mother’s body was gone. He was told that a team organised by the occupation authorities had already taken it to the cemetery. © Danil Pavlov A woman sits with a prosecutor in Izyum’s makeshift police station in a former shopping centre. Residents who are trying to locate the bodies of their beloved queue to give testimonies and provide DNA samples. © Danil Pavlov A woman tries to connect a broken phone to a prosecutor's computer to show a copy of her dead mother's passport. © Danil Pavlov Viktor Sytnykin in the yard of his house. He is clinging on to the hope that the body of his 90-year-old mother Natalia will be identified. "I don't believe [the Russians] will be punished, but I want my mother to have at least a grave," the former forest ranger said. © Danil Pavlov Viktor Sytnyk near his house in Izyum. On May 21, a rocket fell in their yard, shattering the window in his mother Natalia’s room. She died from her injuries. © Danil Pavlov Viktor Sytnyk feeds cats in the kitchen of his house. © Danil Pavlov Viktor Sytnyk shows a pillow cut by shrapnel, with which he covered his face to walk into his mother’s room after a rocket fell in their yard on May 21. © Danil Pavlov Local residents take all available wood from a destroyed school to use as firewood. There is no heating in the town, and electricity is limited to the bare minimum. © Danil Pavlov A woman walks in front of the skeleton of a building in central Izyum. Hardly a building in the town is left undamaged. © Danil Pavlov Ukrainian servicemen at the checkpoint at the entrance of Izyum. Russian troops retreated on September 10, six months after occupying the town in the Kharkiv region. © Danil Pavlov What remains of the town’s bus station. © Danil Pavlov A chair with the Ukrainian flag sits in front of the heavily damaged building of Izyum’s district court. © Danil Pavlov Ukraine: “I Want My Mother to Have a Grave”Focus Pages Buzova village resident Oleksandr looks on as police exhume the bodies of his mother, brother and son to investigate alleged war crimes by Russian forces during the invasion of Ukraine on May 21, 2022 in Kyiv, Ukraine. © Christopher Furlong/Getty Images Europe & EurasiaUkraine Justice Report 2022-present Journalists and residents stand as smoke rises after an attack by Russian army in Odessa, on April 3, 2022. Air strikes rocked Ukraine's strategic Black Sea port Odessa early Sunday morning, according to an interior ministry official, after Kyiv had warned that Russia was trying to consolidate its troops in the south. © Bulent Kilic/AFP via Getty Images UkraineUkraine Voices 2021-present © IWPR Kazakstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Belarus, MoldovaAmplify, Verify, Engage 2021-2023 Show All Democratic accountability comes from journalists investigating their own societies – IWPR provides a much needed platform and support for those reporting from some of the most dangerous and difficult places in the world. Lindsey Hilsum International Editor, Channel 4 News Disinformation is a major global threat , especially in conflict and post-conflict areas. IWPR performs a vital mission, building up local voices as a bulwark against this challenge. Dr Karin von Hippel Director General, Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies IWPR fills a critical gap by helping local journalists to focus on human rights and justice issues. In the process, it contributes to democratic transitions, and demonstrates that the best war reporting is not about military conflict, but human consequences. Samantha Power Former United States Ambassador to the United Nations; Pulitzer Prize-winning authorIn the News The Atlantic A Hard-Won Victory That Ukraine Stands to Lose Anthony Borden, IWPR Founder & Executive Director Prospect Ukraine: Sounds and Silence of a Long War Anthony Borden, IWPR Founder & Executive Director The Lead Ukrainians Seek Justice, Not Revenge Daniella Peled, IWPR Managing Editor THE ATLANTIC ‘They Didn’t Understand Anything, But Just Spoiled People’s Lives’ Anne Applebaum Saranac Partners Podcast: In Conversation with Anthony Borden Anthony Borden, IWPR Founder & Executive Director Monocle The Monocle Daily: Monday 28 November Daniella Peled, IWPR Managing Editor Show moreIWPR's journalism illustrated by stunning photography thanks to support from GettyImages. Refugees wait near their shelters in the village of Tongo, in the hills outside Goma, on November 4, 2008 in North Kivu province, Democratic Republic of Congo. © Uriel Sinai/Getty Images A journalist walks through smoke after violence broke out between pro-Russian activist and pro-government supporters during a rally and march on April 28, 2014 in Donetsk, Ukraine. © Scott Olson/Getty Images Rohingya Muslim refugees wait to board boats over a creek after crossing the Myanmar Bangladesh border on September 07, 2017 in Whaikhyang, Bangladesh. © Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Paula Bronstein/Getty Images © Paula Bronstein/Getty Images Demonstrators participate in an anti-Lukashenko rally on August 18, 2020 in Minsk, Belarus. © Misha Friedman/Getty Images A man rides his bike past destroyed buildings on March 03, 2022 in Irpin, Ukraine. © Chris McGrath/Getty Images An Iraqi man sells coffee in the capital Baghdad's now deserted al-Mutanabbi street during the novel coronavirus pandemic crisis. © AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP via Getty Images Boys play on a street next to a building destroyed by war more than twenty years earlier on April 18, 2015 in Shushi, Nagorno-Karabakh. © Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images A young woman talks on her mobile phone as she walks past a mural depicting (L-R) Cuban Comunist Party founder Julio Antonio Mella and Cuban revolutionary leaders Camilo Cienfuegos and Che Guevara in the Habana Vieja neighborhood January 24, 2015 in Havana, Cuba. © Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Northern Iraqi Kurds Hendrin Usman (L) and Ubeid Hasen look out a window of their house adorned with doves June 16, 2003 in a village near Erbil, Iraq. © Mario Tama/Getty Images Support local journalists DONATE INSTITUTE FOR WAR & PEACE REPORTINGGiving Voice, Driving Change IWPR United Kingdom 48 Gray’s Inn Road, London WC1X 8LT Tel +44 (0)20 7831 1030 IWPR United States 1156 15th Street NW, Suite 505, Washington, DC 20005 Tel +1 202 393 5641 IWPR Netherlands Almaatsweg 7, 7856 TJ Benneveld, Netherlands IWPR is registered as a charity in the United Kingdom (charity reg. no: 1027201, company reg. no: 2744185); in the United States as a not-for-profit organisation with tax-exempt status under IRS section 501(c)(3); and as a charitable foundation in The Netherlands.The opinions expressed on iwpr.net are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of the Institute for War & Peace Reporting.Site design by IWPR. Developed by AG Prime. Footer Privacy Notice Social Twitter Facebook Youtube Linkedin © 1991-2024 INSTITUTE FOR WAR & PEACE REPORTING