Home - University of Victoria Skip to main content Apply Library A-Z Find a person Maps Search Start page Search Brightspace Email Universityof Victoria Apply Library A-Z Find a person Maps Search Sign in Online tools Sign out Show menu University of Victoria Admissions Undergraduate studies Graduate studies Law school Continuing studies Professional development Academics Faculties, divisions & services Academic calendars Research & innovation Research at UVic Our researchers Find a UVic expert Research centres Research partnerships Post-doctoral fellows Student opportunities Strategic initiatives Office of the VPRI Research services Campus Tours & visits Parking & transportation Campus security & safety Housing Food & drink Indigenous building names Arts & culture Athletics & recreation Events calendar Bookstore Sustainability About UVic About the university Rankings & reputation University plans Governance & administration UVic News Contact us Support UVic Info for... Info for... Students Faculty & staff Alumni Indigenous International Business & industry Community Celebrating UVic alumni Awarded for contributions to environment, Indigenous community, climate action Meet the 18 recipients Making an impact Undergraduate applications UVic is still accepting undergraduate applications for September 2024 for most programs. Check the EducationPlannerBC website to see if your program is still open. Research partnership in the Antarctic Ocean Networks Canada journeys to the Southern Ocean, bringing ocean conditions data to the world. Read about the valuable information to come from this partnership. UVic makes top employer list Affordable child care close to campus provides a huge benefit for students and employees. Read more about what makes UVic a great place to work. Look forward from here Undergraduate studies UVic offers undergraduate degrees, certificates and diplomas for students straight out of high school or transferring from other post-secondary institutions. Undergraduate programs How to apply Graduate studies UVic is home to over 3,500 students studying in over 160 graduate programs, with a reputation for quality and innovation that’s respected around the world. Graduate programs Apply online Find a researcher Co-operative education Global community Current students Student wellness supports Give to UVic Territory acknowledgement We acknowledge and respect the Lək̓ʷəŋən (Songhees and Esquimalt) Peoples on whose territory the university stands, and the Lək̓ʷəŋən and W̱SÁNEĆ Peoples whose historical relationships with the land continue to this day. Indigenous initiatives News & events Discover UVic: March 14 Learn what it's like to be a UVic student. Visit our campus in April for USA Preview Days On-campus event Teaching climate action Info session: March 11, 2:30 p.m. Engineering cleaner oceans Co-op student showcase: James Thompson Community-based work: BC Wildfire Service Co-op student showcase: Jay Choi Update on construction of new walking, cycling paths Advocating for justice and understanding 2024 Distinguished Alumni Award recipients More.. News Events Social media Rankings & reputation #1 Canadian comprehensive university for graduate employability #1 IN CANADA FOR MAKING RESEARCH ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC #1 IN NORTH AMERICA FOR INTERNATIONAL RESEARCH COLLABORATION TOP 10 SUSTAINABLE INDEX RANKING FOR AIR AND CLIMATE IN NORTH AMERICA More rankings & reputation ​ UVic Instagram ​ UVic Facebook ​ UVic Twitter ​ UVic Linkedin ​ UVic YouTube View all UVic social media Top 10 Globally 2023 Times Higher Education Impact Rankings Learn more about UVic's impacts Quicklinks About UVic Admissions Research News & media Events Careers Donate COVID-19 Info for... Students Faculty & staff Alumni Indigenous International Business & industry Community University of Victoria 3800 Finnerty Road Victoria BC V8P 5C2 Canada ​Maps ​Hours ​Contacts Terms of use Accessibility Emergency contacts © University of Victoria Website feedback Back to top of page This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember your browser. We use this information to improve and customize your browsing experience, for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media, and for marketing purposes. By using this website, you accept and agree to be bound by UVic’s Terms of Use and Protection of Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the above, you must not use this website. Close