Verso Books | Books, Blog, and Book Club Skip to content Want to save 50% off every order? Join the Verso Book Club! Dismiss announcement Verso About Books Authors Blog Book Club Log in Reset your password If you had an account with Verso prior to April 2023 you will need to register here to access your account. Email Submit Cancel Log in If you had an account with Verso prior to April 2023 you will need to register here to access your account. Email Password Sign in Forgot your password? Don’t have an account? Sign up here. Close dialog Location/Currency Canada (CAD $) United Kingdom (GBP £) United States (USD $) Rest of World (GBP £) Page redirects on selection Cart, 0 items Site and log-in links Your cart Your cart is empty Loading… Total costs Total $0.00 USD$— Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Site search Search See all results Site search Search See all results You’re viewing our site Would you like to switch to our site to see prices and shipping options for your current location? Yes please No thanks Close dialog Site and log-in links About Books Authors Blog Book Club Log in Location/Currency Canada (CAD $) United Kingdom (GBP £) United States (USD $) Rest of World (GBP £) Page redirects on selection Robin Blackburn on the History of Slavery and Capitalism in the Americas Robin Blackburn in conversation with Kevin Ochieng Okoth about his new work, The Reckoning: From the Second Slavery to Abolition, 1776-1888. Robin Blackburn: A Lifetime of Scholarship on Slavery and its Abolition Get 30% off The Reckoning: From the Second Slavery to Abolition, 1776-1888 when you buy 2 or more books by Robin Blackburn. From the River to the Sea: Essays for a Free Palestine FREE EBOOK | An urgent editorial intervention, published in collaboration with Haymarket Books. Solidarity with Palestine: Free Resources and Further Reading Free ebooks including Ilan Pappe's Ten Myths About Israel and Gideon Levy's The Punishment of Gaza. Books Immediacy, or The Style of Too Late Capitalism by Anna Kornbluh 20% off The Reckoning: From the Second Slavery to Abolition, 1776-1888 by Robin Blackburn 20% off The Dreadful History and Judgement of God on Thomas Müntzer: The Life and Times of an Early German Revolutionary by Andrew Drummond 20% off Workshop of the World: Essays in People's History by Raphael Samuel Edited by John Merrick 20% off Towers of Ivory and Steel: How Israeli Universities Deny Palestinian Freedom by Maya Wind 20% off They Call It Love: The Politics of Emotional Life by Alva Gotby 20% off Verso Book ClubOur world is changing quickly, from global politics and environmental collapse, to the rise of right-wing political movements and serious economic crises. What hasn't changed is Verso's 50 year-long commitment to radical publishing.Help us to continue this vital radical publishing tradition by joining the Verso Book Club. How does the book club work? Verso Reading Lists Free Palestine: A Verso Reading ListA reading list on the ongoing struggle for Palestinian liberation. Verso End-of-Year Highlights 2023A round-up of our publishing highlights from this year, from Kevin Ochieng Okoth's Red Africa: Reclaiming Revolutionary Black Politics to McKenzie Wark's memoir, Love and Money, Sex and Death. New Works of Theory in Context Major new editions of theory in conversation with classic Verso texts: up to 50% off in our End of Year Sale. The Year in 10 BooksDeepen your understanding of major political events from this year—and the underlying systems that produced them. Kissinger's crimes in contextKissinger is finally dead. We've been waiting. Take a look our new book: The Good Die Young plus a selection of books that detail, or give context to, Kissinger's crimes. Reading Lists Reading Lists Reading Lists Reading Lists Blog Andreas Malm on Palestine, Climate Activism and over-shooting 1.5 °C Andreas Malm in conversation with his Verso editor, Sebastian Budgen. Enzo Traverso on Fascism, Marxism and Israel Enzo Traverso in conversation with his Verso editor, Sebastian Budgen. Matteo Pasquinelli on Artificial Intelligence, Automation, Work, and Algorithms In this video Matteo Pasquinelli expands on the key ideas in his new book, The Eye of the Master: A Social History of Artificial Intelligence. Authors Brixton Black Women's Group McKenzie Wark Andreas Malm Cory Doctorow Terms and Conditions Frequently Asked Questions Facebook Twitter Instagram Sign up for our newsletter Close dialog Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh. Opens in a new window.