GNOME – Simple, beautiful, elegant. Skip to content Get GNOMEAbout Us Technologies GNOME Foundation Get InvolvedEvents GUADEC GNOME Asia GNOME Africa ShopDonateToggle website search Get things done with ease, comfort, and control. An easy and elegant way to use your computer, GNOME 45 is designed to help you have the best possible computing experience. Get GNOME Simple and Easy to Use Every part of GNOME 45 has been designed to make it simple and easy to use. The Activities Overview is a simple way to access all your basic tasks. A press of a button is all it takes to view your open windows, launch applications, or check if you have new messages. Having everything in one convenient place means you don’t have to learn your way around a maze of different technologies. Intuitive and Efficient GNOME 45 provides a focused working environment that helps you get things done. It is packed with features that will make you more productive: a powerful search feature that helps you access all your work from one place; side-by-side windows that make it easy to view several documents at the same time; seamless integration with online accounts which allows you to access all your data in one place; and a messaging system that comfortably deals with notifications, letting you quickly respond in place or return to them in a convenient time. Finely Crafted Every aspect of GNOME 45 has been crafted to fit together as a harmonious whole, providing a consistent and integrated experience. Our attention to detail means a smooth and polished product that lets you do the things you want without getting in the way. GNOME 45 is satisfying to use and beautiful to behold. And much, much more… Learn more about our latest release in the GNOME 45 release notes. GNOME 45 GNOME Supporters GNOME is supported by our generous network of supporters—one-time donors, sponsors, Friends of GNOME, infrastructure supporters, and our Advisory Board. Learn More Contact Us About Us Get Involved Support GNOME GNOME Shop The GNOME Foundation Code of Conduct Privacy Bug Tracker Forum Chat Project Handbook Source Code Developer Center Mailing List Archive Latest Release This Week in GNOME Events Foundation News Planet GNOME GNOME Apps GNOME Circle Flathub Opens in a new tabOpens in a new tabOpens in a new tabOpens in a new tab © The GNOME Project. Hosted by Red Hat. Powered by WordPress and OceanWP. Close Menu