Project Gutenberg Australia Project Gutenberg Australiaa treasure-trove of literaturetreasure found hidden with no evidence of ownership BROWSE the site for other works by this author(and our other authors) or get HELP Reading, Downloading and Converting files) or SEARCH the entire site with Google Site Search Home Our FREE ebooks Search Site Site Map Contact Us Reading, Downloading and Converting files Free ebooks! Our free ebooks may be read on a computer or mobile device using a web browser or by using free or low cost e-reader software. Refer to our HELP file for more information. All books are in the 'public domain' in Australia and all have been prepared by volunteers BROWSE our list of free ebooks Browse all our FREE EBOOKS in AUTHOR order. Many are exclusive to this site. Over 5,000 titles to choose from! Or, go directly to one of our popular authors: George Orwell F Scott Fitzgerald D H Lawrence Margaret Mitchell Virginia Woolf If a book has an EPUB or KINDLE (MOBI) version, details are provided adjacent to the title of the book. Some of our top downloads (HTML files) Animal Farm by George Orwell The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald Mrs Dalloway by Virginia Woolf The Death of the Moth and Other Essays by Virginia Woolf Under Milk Wood by Dylan Thomas Anne of Ingleside by L M Montgomery A Room of One's Own by Virginia Woolf Anne of Windy Poplars by L M Montgomery Down and Out in Paris and London by George Orwell SEARCH this site. HELP Assistance with downloading, reading and and converting our files for use on PCs, ebook readers, mobile phones and tablets. RECENT ADDITIONS Check out details of our entire collection and our latest releases. COPYRIGHT IN AUSTRALIA Australian copyright law determines which ebooks we can host at Project Gutenberg Australia. Cemetery records Camperdown Cemetery, Sydney. This is one of Sydnet's early cemeteries. About 18,000 people were buried there. Pioneers at Peace: The Story of St John's Cemetery, Gordon by Jill Lyons provides a history of St John's Church and Cemetery at Gordon, on Sydney's Upper North Shore. It also provides interesting information about burial customs over the years and gives biographical details of many of thos whose final resting place is St John's.Accompanying this book is a complete record of all of those buried at St John's Cemetery Gordon, including photographs of the monuments. The sesquicentenary of the cemetery occured in 2017. Goldfields Cemeteries. Hill End-Tambaroora and District Burials. A list of known deaths in the area. Devonshire Street Cemetery, Sydney. The list provided here contains details of more burials at Devonshire Street than any list previously published. AUSTRALIANA free ebooks and other resources The First World War. 2014 — the centenary of the beginning of the Great war. This page details a number of ebooks about ANZAC and the conflict in general. Library of Australiana. Free ebooks by Australian writers, or about Australia! Australia's Greatest Books. A number of Australian 'classics' which are available as free etexts. Dictionary of Australian Biography. Biographies of more than 1000 people prominent in the development of Australia; explorers, artists, politicians, scientists, etc. All died before the end of 1942. An online free ebook. The Dictionary of Australasian Biography (1892)"From the Inauguration of Responsible Government Down to the Present Time (1855-1892)" Australian Discovery. The first authenticated landing on Australian soil occurred in 1606. In 2006 Australians celebrated the 400th anniversary of the event. This page covers the period from 1606-1770. Many free ebooks. Australian Explorers. A chronology of Australian exploration with links to relevant free ebooks, together with an extensive list of Australian explorers and their biographies. Australian Explorers Journals. A virtual library of free ebooks, written by the explorers themselves. Australian History. Free ebooks relating to Australian History. The First Fleet. Details of the First Fleet which arrived in Australia in 1788. Maps and Charts relating to the Discovery of Australia by Europeans Maps and Charts relating to the Exploration of Australia by Europeans Timeline of Australian History. A list of of significant dates in Australian History. Australian Currency. Details of people who have appeared on Australian currency. Other Information about our free ebooks The Treasure Chest. News and Reviews List of birth and death dates. A list of the birth and death date of a large number of authors. Project Gutenberg Australia licence details. LINKS to other literary sites and resources to assist Project Gutenberg volunteers. GUTINDEX_AUS. A list of free ebooks posted to this site. Help with downloading our ebooks Special Interest categories Dr. Widger's Library. Dr David Widger has submitted numerous ebooks to Project Gutenberg in the US. They are all listed here, with links to enable them to be download from PG. Check out "Widger's Quotations", memorable quotes gleaned from the texts themselves. Bibliotecha Romana [Roman Library] at Roy Glashan's Library which lists all books on this subject provided by Project Gutenberg Australia 'SF'.--Science Fiction, Speculative Fiction, Superhero Fiction, Swords Fiction, Sorcery Fiction, Spies Fiction, Supernatural Fiction and Scary Fiction. Free ebooks. Read a book today! Science Fiction and Fantasy Bookshelf at Roy Glashan's Library Crime and Mystery. Crime and Mystery titles from our extensive collection! Drama. Stage and Radio Plays. Westerns. Western titles from our extensive collection! Bestsellers. A list of the top ten bestselling books in both fiction and non-fiction categories for the years 1923 through 1953. Many are available from this site as free ebooks and links are provided. Read a bestselling book today! The Western World's Classics. More than 500 world 'classics', most of which are available as free ebooks. Women Writers. Books in our collection by 20th Century female authors. Rare Books. A collection of page images of rare and important books. Children's Literature--Free ebooks of classic children's stories. Biography and Autobiography. Biographical and Autobiographical free ebooks at Project Gutenberg Australia and Project Gutenberg Voyages and Travels. Free ebooks covering Voyages and Travels in all parts of the world. Nobel Laureates at Project Gutenberg. A list of winners of the Nobel Prize for Literature whose books are represented at Gutenberg Australia and Project Gutenberg. Cookery and Home Science.—Free ebooks covering cooking the old-fashioned way. Karen People of Burma. Papua New Guinea Walking—Some historic books about recreational walking in Australia. Glass Sydney - Valiant Glass - Glass & Mirrors Specialists in Sydney Updated 10 July 2023