Play Framework - Build Modern & Scalable Web Apps with Java and Scala Play Framework Try Play Documentation Get Involved Open Collective Discuss Play Forum Play Discord Server Twitter GitHub Stackoverflow Is that what you're looking for? (svg) (png) (svg) (png) (svg) (png) (svg) (png) The High Velocity Web Framework For Java and Scala Get Started Try Play 3.0.2 or 2.9.2 or browse all versions Read the Docs Documentation 3.0.2 or 2.9.2 or go to Java docs or Scala docs Get Involved Join the DiscussPlay Forum Join Play's Discord server and Stack Overflow Play Framework makes it easy to build web applications with Java & Scala. Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture. Built on Pekko (Play 3) and Akka (Play 2), Play provides predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications. Developer friendly. Make your changes and simply hit refresh! All you need is a browser and a text editor. Hit refresh workflow Powerful console & build tools Type safety Built in testing tools IDE support for Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA Play instances usage Scale predictably. Underneath the covers Play uses a fully asynchronous model built on top of Pekko (Play 3) and Akka (Play 2). Combined with being stateless, Play scales simply and predictably. Stateless Web Tier Non-blocking I/O Built on Pekko (Play 3) and Akka (Play 2) Real-time enabled Modern web & mobile. Play was built for needs of modern web & mobile apps. RESTful by default Asset Compiler for CoffeeScript, LESS, etc JSON is a first class citizen Websockets, Comet, EventSource Extensive NoSQL & Big Data Support Solid & fast. The compiler and runtime (JVM) do the heavy lifting so that your apps run super-fast and keeps running under load. Code is compiled Runs on the JVM Java NIO via Pekko/Akka HTTP or Netty Massive ecosystem. The ecosystem around Java is huge. There are libraries for everything - most of which can be used in Play. Use Maven Central libraries Numerous Play plugins Very active Play community Proven in production. From startups to enterprises, Play powers some of the most innovative web sites. Play is proven, reliable and scalable. Easy to deploy and scale Many cloud deployment options Used in mission-critical apps They already use Play Framework Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Read The Case Study Sponsors & Backers If you find Play useful for work, please consider asking your company to support this Open Source project by becoming a sponsor. You can also individually sponsor the project by becoming a backer. Donate to our Collective Thank you to our premium sponsors! Thank you to all our backers! Community support Discuss Forum Discord Stackoverflow Donate to our Collective If you like Play consider becoming a sponsor Play Framework Try Play Tutorials Documentation Community links Jobs via Indeed Code & contribution Code & contributors Bug tracker GitHub Get involved Social networks Twitter Open Collective Play Framework is released under the Apache 2 License Cookie Listing | Cookie Settings