The Spokesman-Review | Local News, Business, Entertainment, Sports & Weather for Eastern Washington Skip to main content Arrow-right Camera The Spokesman-Review Newspaper The Spokesman-Review Newspaper The Spokesman-Review Spokane, Washington Est. May 19, 1883 Current Temperature 22°F Current Conditions Clear sky View complete weather report Menu Search News Sports Business A&E Weather Obits Newsletters e-Edition Classifieds Customer Care Subscribe My account Log in Activate Log out Close Subscriber Actions Log In Subscribe Activate My account Log out Staff Options Reset cache Access admin Log out Connect With Us Go to e-Edition Sign up for newsletters Customer Care News Washington Idaho Nation World Health Marijuana Election Center WA Government ID Government Weather Further Review Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball Gonzaga women WSU football WSU basketball EWU football EWU basketball High school sports Spokane Chiefs Spokane Indians Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders UW football UW basketball Idaho football Idaho basketball Whitworth Business Local business National business Arts and Entertainment A&E Food Spokane7 Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Going Mobile Opinion Opinion Letters to the Editor Archives Today’s News Search Multimedia Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Classifieds General Classifieds Homes/Rentals Employment Auto Connection Pets: Jimmy's Clubhouse Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising Advertise with us Advertising inserts Subscribe now Close When Wildfire Consumed Us Difference Makers 2023 VA Investigation NW Passages Zags Cougs UI Killings Evening Chronicle Today's Headlines Spokane City Council stands down on standing ban A month after protesters threatened legal action, the Spokane City Council has voted to end a ban on standing as a sign of support or dissent during council meetings. WA Government Initiative enhancing parental rights over school-aged children approved by Washington legislature WA Government Washingtonians do not – and will not – have to pay personal income tax with initiative passed by the Legislature K-12 education SPS investigates racist slavery-themed item in Wilson Elementary newsletter Higher education Idaho Supreme Court to hear case involving University of Phoenix purchase Idaho Supreme Court to hear case involving University of Phoenix purchase Former Pasco Police officer sentenced to 25 years for 1986 killing of Ruby Doss Sandpoint man killed in avalanche in the Selkirks Senate Majority Leader Andy Billig says he won’t run for re-election Supreme Court rules Trump can remain on Colorado ballot Gonzaga continues to gain ground in AP rankings, NET and bracket projections Then and Now: Washington-Stevens Bridge Read all of today’s stories WA Government Initiative enhancing parental rights over school-aged children approved by Washington legislature WA Government Washingtonians do not – and will not – have to pay personal income tax with initiative passed by the Legislature K-12 education SPS investigates racist slavery-themed item in Wilson Elementary newsletter Yesterday's Top Stories The majority of marijuana waste in Washington ends up in the landfill. New legislation aims to redirect it Live from New York, Spokane's Sydney Sweeney addresses rumors while hosting SNL Graham Ike, Ryan Nembhard help No. 23 Gonzaga pick up 70-57 win at No. 17 Saint Mary's Improving Zags put bubble talk on hold with impressive road win over Saint Mary's Psychedelic Spokane church working toward legal immunity to consume ayahuasca, a sacred tea considered both a powerful mood stabilizer and a risky experiment Business American Airlines is ordering 260 jets, including some Boeing MAX 10 aircraft Apple hit with nearly $2 billion E.U. fine for ‘abusing’ app store Amazon leads firms investing $10 billion in Saudi data centers JetBlue, Spirit end bid to merge after antitrust objections Sports Eastern Washington women roll Sac State 72-59, capture outright Big Sky regular-season title Eastern Washington men escape with 91-88 win over Sacramento State to close regular season WSU climbs to No. 18 in new AP Top 25, rising one spot from previous poll Women's basketball: Gonzaga rises to No. 15 in AP poll as bracket projections have them hosting in the NCAAs Explore: WSU Football Gonzaga Basketball Gonzaga Women's Basketball Pacific Northwest Judge strikes down a trio of abortion laws passed in 2021 as unconstitutional Washington State Patrol trooper killed on I-5 near Marysville Eastern Washington man to plead guilty to poaching thousands of birds, including Bald Eagles, in Montana Oregon plan to ditch daylight saving time moves forward with key changes Explore: Washington Idaho Sponsored Providence Sacred Heart Children’s Hospital: 20 years of caring During the holidays, you may have noticed your parents need more help Heart care for life Providence Playscape gives kids of all abilities the chance to explore Morning Review Podcast The Morning Review podcast is your first look at the headlines in today’s paper. All the news, weather and sports you need to start your day. Photo Galleries The Spokesman-Review's award-winning photojournalists have been covering the Inland Northwest since 1894. View all: Galleries Videos Picture Stories Then & Now Gonzaga men vs. Saint Mary's (March 2, 2024) Washington State men vs. UCLA (March 2) Gonzaga women host University of Portland Gonzaga men vs. Kentucky (Feb. 10, 2024) Cathy McMorris Rodgers The Black Lens relaunch event at The Steam Plant Nation/World Kamala Harris pushes for pause in fighting in meeting with top Israeli official 4 takeaways from the Supreme Court’s ruling on Trump and 14th Amendment Gaza cease-fire talks bogged down as hunger and pressure grow Jack Teixeira pleads guilty to leaking intelligence documents on Discord Explore: Nation World Education Initiative enhancing parental rights over school-aged children approved by Washington legislature SPS investigates racist slavery-themed item in Wilson Elementary newsletter Idaho Supreme Court to hear case involving University of Phoenix purchase 'I did it, mom': Rogers High School student wins prestigious presidential scholarship, admittance to University of Washington A&E Taylor Swift and Emily Dickinson aren’t just acclaimed writers. They’re distant relatives Live from New York, Spokane's Sydney Sweeney addresses rumors while hosting SNL ‘Dune: Part Two’ worms its way to a massive opening weekend Art lovers will be in 'State of Awe' over nature reimagined by painter Vanessa Swenson Explore: Stage Music Books Local Government Senate Majority Leader Andy Billig says he won’t run for re-election Washingtonians do not – and will not – have to pay personal income tax with initiative passed by the Legislature Spokane City Council stands down on standing ban Initiative enhancing parental rights over school-aged children approved by Washington legislature 2024 Election Retired Air National Guard member announces candidacy, hopes to unseat county Commissioner Al French Natasha Hill, Ben Stuckart running for state House seat being vacated by Riccelli amid shakeup Campaign to vote 'uncommitted' in Democratic presidential primary reaches Washington Spin Control: March 12 primary gives voters a say – albeit small – in picking presidential nominees Transportation Here’s some road work that might affect Spokane drivers this week Angry raccoons ahead? Hacked Northwest Spokane road sign confuses and amuses Initiative that would give Washington cops more legal leeway in vehicular pursuits draws public debate Spokane Valley will get larger police force, at the cost of road maintenance and other city services Outdoors A good, long run: Schweitzer ski patroller Michael Boge reflects on 50 years on the slopes Sandpoint man killed in avalanche in the Selkirks Wyoming Game and Fish elk feedground plan walks tightwire of social, disease issues Aerial elk surveys to begin in Blue Mountains Weather Sierra Nevada buried by up to 11 feet of snow, and more is coming The amount of frigid winter air is near a record low, and shrinking With temps topping 90 degrees, Monday was Dallas-Forth Worth’s hottest Feb. 26 in more than 100 years The Atlantic is record-warm right now. What does that mean for hurricane season? Life Cheesy arcade memories connect Spokane family Family Owned: Keeping smiles bright is a family affair at Whittaker Family Dentistry 'The Girl Who Figured It Out': Minda Dentler aims to inspire families Post Falls graphic designer Hara Allison juggles photography, podcasting and publishing Public Safety Former Pasco Police officer sentenced to 25 years for 1986 killing of Ruby Doss Man dies of apparent suicide after domestic violence incident, police standoff 'I will honor his life:' Man sentenced to 6 1/2 years in prison for killing his 19-year-old friend in Spokane DUI crash Man sentenced to 15 years in prison for Spokane Valley fatal shooting Northwest Passages Book Club Most Recent Story: Erin Pringle’s ‘Unexpected Weather Events’ may bring unexpected emotions surrounding grief Sun., Feb. 18, 2024 Upcoming Events: Rene Denfeld with new book "Sleeping Giants" on Tuesday, April 02, 2024 Simone Gorrindo "The Wives" on Tuesday, April 16, 2024 Edward Humes "Total Garbage" on Thursday, April 18, 2024 Generously Supported By: Columnists Then and Now: Washington-Stevens Bridge New: 50 years ago in Expo history: In a promising sign, advance ticket sale revenue from the fair was in the millions 50 years ago in Expo history: Spokane launches 'Spruce Up Spokane – Company's Coming!" campaign Faith and Values: Here's a crash course in Black history for white people, but it's only the first step Long Reads Failing our troubled teens: As Washington’s shortage of inpatient drug beds persists, one family sues the facility they hoped would help their daughter Pomeroy School District hasn’t had a music teacher for nearly four years Deep Dives Bugs in the System: How a bungled software rollout is endangering Inland Northwest veterans Ukraine Hits Home: A year of fear and longing for Spokane’s Ukrainian community Puzzles and Games Today’s Front Page Classifieds ZEBRA FINCHES & WHITE FINCHES $15, two for $25. 509-599-9055 Miniature Schnauzer Purebred miniature Schnauzer puppies. Both parents on sight, tails docked, 1st vaccine done and first grooming. Two litters 4 males … NOTICE OF SEPA NOTICE OF SEPA Notice is hereby given that Simpson Engineering has filed a State Environmental Policy Act (SEPA) Checklist for … Purebred Shih Tzu Puppies 10-week-old male purebred Shih Tzu puppies. 10# adults. 1 gold, 3 black Family raised, socialized, well groomed, vax current, 208-691-4753 … NOTICE Alliance Residential Company, Jeff Patton, 1900 N Northlake Way Ste 237 Seattle, WA 98103-9051, is seeking coverage under the Washington … Large South Hill Home Estate Sale This South Hill home estate sale includes: art, antiques, collectibles, curios, antique dolls, toys, clothing, oriental carpets, furniture, appliances, kitchen … Place an ad Advertise with us We have found The Spokesman-Review print and online advertising to be very effective in driving customers to our Spokane Valley retail location. We have promoted numerous special events and products with The Spokesman over the past 35 years and we’ve learned we can rely on them to generate a healthy return on our investment. We will continue to promote our products and events in The Spokesman-Review because we know it works for us. Mike, Ellena & Natalie Conway | Latah Creek Wine Cellars Since starting regular ads in The Spokesman, my overall marketing plan has been much more effective and lucrative. I now consider my weekly newspaper ads as the most vital piece to my marketing plan, and I'd highly recommend this approach to anyone looking to improve their level of trust and authority with people who read the newspaper. Luke Gordon, DPT | Gordon Physical Therapy Overall, this campaign has been a success for us. Not only has it provided consistent opportunity for the Elson S. Floyd College of Medicine to share our story with the community, but it has helped share a more authentic, down-to-earth side of the college and our students that our community may not otherwise see. Christina VerHeul | Elson S. Floyd College of Medicine I just wanted to let you know how much we appreciated your media sponsorship of the new show… Once again, The Spokesman has helped Spokane artists create and thrive. That you were able to do this in the current economic environment… and for a completely new and original show, is a testament to your community spirit. Thank you. Tim Behrens | The McManus Comedies SNAP was honored to be the nonprofit beneficiary at this year’s Active Living Expo and really appreciated the opportunity to be associated with such an excellent event. The mix of businesses and organizations represented gave attendees a chance to access wonderful resources and insight from many fields. This is a well-attended, well-organized event that boosts community awareness and support for seniors. Bravo. Craig Howard | SNAP Thank you to the marketing team at The Spokesman-Review for their ongoing support of the 2019 Spokane Citizen Hall of Fame. Here are some of our attendees’ comments: “What a great event to honor people in Spokane who have created legacies.” “Thank you for making all of us feel so honored.” “This was the best event yet!” Rae-Lynn Barden & Sarah Bain | Spokane Public Library The Active Living Expo was a huge success and we were excited to be a part of it! We received quite a few leads from this and a few rentals as well. Brittany Pospisil | Affinity Living Communities Personal service for professional results! Triple-Nine has helped my fledgling business go digital and, more importantly, they truly care about seeing me succeed. Shannon Helm | Real Estate Agent I have personally worked with the wonderful staff of Triple-Nine Digital. They were a huge support to my small business of Sylvan Learning Center Spokane. I would give them a A+ for all things digital. Sarah Doll | Sylvan Learning Exactly when it was most critically needed – in the midst of the pandemic shutdowns – The Spokesman-Review partnered with Big Table to share the critical need for support for those in crisis in the restaurant and hospitality industry both in print and online. The community responded immediately, and we were able to increase the care we could provide because of direct local support. Thank you for amplifying our message so effectively. Kevin Finch | Executive Director, Big Table Triple-Nine Digital has been amazing to work with. They've helped with website development, search engine optimization, and social media management. Their prices are unbeatable and they've made once daunting tasks into a breeze! Umi Sushi Working in the grocery business it is key to have innovative and successful partners on all fronts in order to provide our customers with the best service and experience possible, which is why we’ve partnered with The Spokesman-Review for over 20 years! They have been key for us during these last few months as things seem to be constantly changing in our world. We utilized their digital ads and have been in the voice section as well as the Friday Spokane7 section and we’ve definitely noticed a difference in our traffic and customer purchases. We truly are thankful for the efforts and partnership the folks at the Spokesman provide us; especially Bill Davidson, he’s the best! Ashley Gorman | Huckleberry’s Advertise with us now Follow Us Facebook Newsletter Twitter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Care Sitemap Directory Subscription Services User Subscribe My Account Log in/Register Activate Log out Advertising Triple-Nine Digital Print & Digital Advertising Classifieds Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Company Jobs Newsroom Jobs at The Spokesman-Review Archives/Research RSS Feeds Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Customer Care: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 © Copyright 2024, The Spokesman-Review | Community Guidelines | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright Policy