Attention: This page is being retired 12/01/23 and replaced with newer content. Please consult the following websites for information about Glue and GRACE. Glue Glue is a managed enterprise Linux environment developed and used at the University of Maryland. It is not an OS but a centralized way to manage multiple systems, so they all look similar. In other words, it’s a configuration management tool. Like Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Management (MECM) or JAMF for Apple device configuration management, DIT’s Glue provides configuration management for Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). Glue isn’t a singular commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) product but comprises commercial and open-source software, scripts, account management, and processes. Please review the following IT Support article for additional information: Glue v2.0 - Enterprise Managed Linus Support Shell login access and accessing files Most users will already have ssh and sftp clients installed. Please review the following IT Support article for additional information: Accessing files with SSH and SFTP Personal web space Please review the following IT Support article: Choose a Web Hosting Service. Students may utilize Google Sites and WordPress for website creation. Faculty and staff have additional options available. GRACE GRACE stands for Glue Research and Academic Computing Environment. It is also a nod to Grace Hopper, a pioneering computer scientist who invented the concept of machine-independent computer languages and linkers. It is designed to help meet some of the information technology needs of faculty, students, and researchers at the University of Maryland. Because the needs of different campus members can be diverse, different users might have different views about what GRACE is. But it provides students and faculty with Unix-based compute resources, compilers, and various software packages for scientific computing. A modest amount of network-attached storage with a standardized directory layout. This layout provides areas for the instructor to share files with the students, private areas for students to do work, areas to facilitate collaboration among students, and areas for TAs to do work. A web-based tool enables instructors to manage the GRACE project/class. A roles-based system for controlling the level of access rights. Students registered for the specific course are automatically granted student-level access for as long as they are enrolled. Please review the following IT Support article for additional information: GRACE - Glue Research and Academic Computing Environment. GLUE SERVICE OFFERING Publish Web Pages Using Your Glue Account This page is maintained by the Division of Information Technology Last modified: September 1 2023 © 2023 University of Maryland