WordPress Security Plugin | Wordfence The global leader in WordPress security. Learn more > Discover which plan is right for you. Join over 4 million secure WordPress site owners using Wordfence Free. Block attacks with the basic tools you need to keep your site safe. The Free version has a 30-day delay on firewall rules & includes our basic Free Signature Set for malware detection. Learn More Real-time updates to firewall rules as new threats emerge, our comprehensive Commercial Signature Set for the very best in malware detection, continuously updated Premium IP Blocklist blocks over 40,000 known threat actors, Country Blocking, Premium Support and more. Learn More Wordfence Care includes the benefits of Premium with unlimited hands-on incident response and hands-on support. For business owners who value their time: If you have an incident, our world-class analysts take care of it. Learn More For Mission Critical websites, Wordfence Response provides incident response 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and 365 days a year with a 1-hour response time and 24 hours time to resolution. If down-time has a financial impact, choose Wordfence Response. Learn More Compare plans > Wordfence is the global leader in WordPress security. The average WordPress site is attacked once every 23 minutes. 63 requests hit that site every day probing for weak and breached passwords, vulnerable plugins and themes, and other points of entry. Websites protected by Wordfence are shielded from those attacks with an average of 313M hits being blocked across our network every day. Secure your site today > 135K malicious IPs blocklisted in the past 30 days 9.4B attacks blocked in the past 30 days 492 web application firewall rules 4,760 malware signatures in our Commercial Signature set Manage all of your sites in one place with Wordfence Central Learn more > The best kept secret in WordPress Security. Wordfence Central is Free for all Wordfence users including our Wordfence Free customers without any catch or upsell. Get an instantaneous view of the security posture of all your WordPress websites, configure Wordfence across a few or thousands of sites using templates, launch scans, manage licenses and view security events all from a Central Dashboard. Introducing Learn more > A high performance security scanner for a second line of detection Secure your system at the server level with our malware and vulnerability scanner Learn more > WordPress vulnerability information at your fingertips Access the same Threat Intelligence Data used to power our popular Wordfence security plugin Breaking news from our blog View all > Wordfence Intelligence Weekly WordPress Vulnerability Report (February 19, 2024 to February 25, 2024) 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? Spring into Action! Earn up to $10,000 with our Extended Bug Bounty Program Extravaganza through Memorial Day! Spring into action and kick-start your spring cleaning with a tech twist! $2,751 Bounty Awarded for Arbitrary File Upload Vulnerability Patched in Avada WordPress Theme 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? $2,063 Bounty Awarded for Unauthenticated SQL Injection Vulnerability Patched in Ultimate Member WordPress Plugin 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? Wordfence Intelligence Weekly WordPress Vulnerability Report (February 12, 2024 to February 18, 2024) 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? $1,313 Bounty Awarded for Privilege Escalation Vulnerability Patched in Academy LMS WordPress Plugin 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? SQL Injection Vulnerability Patched in RSS Aggregator by Feedzy WordPress Plugin 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? Wordfence Intelligence Weekly WordPress Vulnerability Report (February 5, 2024 to February 11, 2024) 🎉 Did you know we’re running a Bug Bounty Extravaganza again? Join the official Wordfence mailing list Receive WordPress security alerts, news, and research in your inbox before it appears in the press. Wordfence in the press View all > Wordfence CLI 2.0.1 Update Adds Free Vulnerability Scanning Cybercriminals Exploiting WooCommerce Payments Plugin Flaw to Hijack Websites Hackers Exploiting Unpatched WordPress Plugin Flaw to Create Secret Admin Accounts Critical Security Flaw in Social Login Plugin for WordPress Exposes Users’ Accounts Critical WooCommerce Payments Plugin Flaw Patched for 500,000+ WordPress Sites Critical WooCommerce Payments Vulnerability Leads to Site Takeover WordPress force patching WooCommerce plugin with 500K installs Hackers exploit bug in WordPress gift card plugin with 50K installs Why choose Wordfence? 337M total downloads 5M sites with Wordfence 24/7 support, all year round 3,623 5-star reviews Get started today > Awesome Wordfence is my favourite WordPress plugin. Immediately installed on all my client’s sites. Saved my bacon numerous times. bluesix @bluesix Wordfence review Wordfence is a top-notch plugin, even the free version has tons on functions. I strongly recommend it for not only the newbie web-designer but also the experienced one as well. It is undoubtedly a great product. Steve F. sfekete111 Wordfence site-cleaning team saved my client big time I’ve have the Wordfence plugin (free version) on dozens of my personal and client sites for a few years. Easy to install and configure, it’s blocked many attacks and I’ve never had a site hacked that had it. On one client site, we didn’t use it, they got hacked and it was nasty, they sell tickets to their events and their payment system stopped taking payments (and gave some customers virus/malware). Not just one site, but the client’s entire hosting account was infected. I contacted Wordfence for a site cleaning and they got on it right away. In two days, the site was cleaned and taking payments again. Wordfence running on the sites after the cleaning reported a malware backdoor in my wptwin site-cloning script. I sent the report and the wptwin.php script to the security analyst who cleaned the site and within a few hours, he replied that indeed this was a false positive. That was great service and set me at ease that the client’s site had not become re-infected. imagiNed @imagined Thank you very much for providing such a good plugin and service Having researched and trialed various security plugins Wordfence wins hands down each time. All our websites are running Wordfence Premium and this plugin has served us very well for several years and the support team are second to none. As a small business there are an array of tasks to take care of and it is a very small price to pay for Wordfence Premium to take care of an extremely important task and is worth every penny. A reliable security plugin is paramount but it goes without saying this must be backed up by a good technical support team who can assist you when there is a problem. The Wordfence technical support goes beyond the call of duty and their knowledge is very reassuring when things go awry with your website. Phil provided an excellent service giving us the confidence we are with the right people who really know what they are doing and can explain and assist in a very succinct, knowledgeable and helpful manner. Having numerous plugins running on a WordPress website can result in all manner of conflicts, never mind issues that maybe caused by the hosting services used which can be a nightmare to unravel without the right technical support at hand. Wordfence not only protects your website from being hacked but provides a wealth of advice and excellent technical support when needed. Thank you very much for providing such a good service. aristocats aristocats Awesome Plugin and Premium Support Wordfence Premium has provided excellent customer service. The plugin is easy to use, and the premium support is friendly and informative. Very happy with their service. docmolly @docmolly Amazing, Must-have for WP Site security My small business WP Site got hacked (built, installed and maintained by me) and a cryptocurrency miner was hidden somewhere in my code. I spent a week trying to eliminate that code, and my Host also looked for it, without success, meanwhile I looked like a jerk trying to mine cryptocurrency from clients and potential clients! I tried several other WP security plugins, and web scan sites, but none could find or fix my problem. I downloaded and installed Wordfence, it found and repaired my problem in less than 5 minutes! I’ve since enabled many of its additional features and have been stunned to learn just how many attempts there are daily to log into my page! No wonder it got hacked. Some jerk even set up a new username for himself! Anyhow, I’ll never have any other WP page without Wordfence, and neither should you! Amazing plugin, very simple and very powerful. Cain57 @cain57 Excellent support and the best security plugin We have been using Wordfence (free version) for years on all our 100+ WordPress websites. We haven’t had any hacked websites since then. Just recently we purchased the premium license to increase the security of our websites even more. We had some questions regarding a multi WP install on the same domain in various subfolders and received timely and professional support within a day. Everything is setup properly now and we sleep quietly at night knowing that it’s all secured. ByteMotion @bytemotion Best Money I Spend! Wordfence is by far the best and most important plug-in I have installed on every site I maintain. The free version is good, but the premium version is worth every penny and more. In fact, I refuse to create or maintain a site without it. daisy2love daisy2love Wordfence is the best! I’ve been using Wordfence for some time now on 6 of my sites. It works extremely well and provides me with the protection from intruders that I need. I’ve only had a couple of minor issues, mostly caused by my lack of experience, but the support at Wordfence has been great at helping me out of a jam. I highly recommend the plugin, and purchasing the upgrade to the pro version is worth every penny. The plugin is easy to install and setup is simple. And.. if your host is GoDaddy, it is one of their recommended plugin partners. lairbear @lairbear Fantastic Support – The Best Solution for a Hacked Website If you know the horror of having your website hacked, you know the mountain of stress that comes with it. Even worse is trying to find a solution to fix your hacked website for a reasonable price without being overly sold to. This is where WordFence comes in to save the day. They very quickly and thoroughly fixed my hacked website, keeping me updated with the status at all times. I also received a long report detailing what was hacked, how it was fixed, and instructions to secure my website from future hacks. In a matter of days, my site was unblacklisted by Google and I’m back in business! While I can’t yet speak to how well WordFence secures your website from hacks, I can say that they have been the best solution for fixing my hacked website. Based on that experience, I have no problem entrusting them with securing my website going forward. THANK YOU WORDFENCE! It was worth every penny. suzippy @suzippy This site uses cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Cookie Settings Accept All Cookie Options For additional information on how this site uses cookies, please review our Privacy Policy. The cookies used by this site are classified into the following categories and can be configured below. Strictly Necessary These Cookies are necessary for the Sites and Services to work properly. They include any essential authentication and authorization cookies for the Services. * Cookies of this category are necessary for the site to function and cannot be disabled. Performance/Analytical These Cookies allow us to collect certain information about how you navigate the Sites or utilize the Services running on your device. They help us understand which areas you use and what we can do to improve them. Targeting These Cookies are used to deliver relevant information related to the Services to an identified machine or other device (not a named or otherwise identifiable person) which has previously been used to visit our Sites. Some of these types of Cookies on our Sites are operated by third parties with our permission and are used to identify advertising sources that are effectively driving customers to our Sites. Cancel Save