DELFTACOPTER - Outback Medical Express - MAVLab Skip to content Micro Air Vehicle Lab – TUDelft home News Research Research Topics Projects Spinoffs People Education University Courses Other Publications and Datasets Publications Datasets Media Awards Jobs Contact Search for: search Search Search for: search Search News ResearchShow sub menu Research Topics Projects Spinoffs People EducationShow sub menu University Courses Other Publications and DatasetsShow sub menu Publications Datasets Media Awards Jobs Contact Events Projects Robots15 DELFTACOPTER – Outback Medical Express By coendewagterPosted onSeptember 19, 2016November 3, 2020Time to Read:-words DELFTACOPTER is a hybrid electric UAV with exceptional efficiency both in hovering and fast forward flight. It is equipped with state of the art on-board stereoscopic wide field of view computer vision. The design combines the expertise of the MAVLab in the areas of design, propulsion, aerodynamics, control, hybrid UAV, transitioning flight, battery technology, autopilot design and computer vision based navigation. The hovering efficiency is maximized through the use of a single large rotor. Achieving efficient forward flight required the design of a fully optimized propeller blade design, an efficient RPM controller and a redesigned rotor head. The biplane design resulted from combined structural, aerodynamic and control requirements in both hover and forward flight. The on-board vision is based on the Parrot S.L.A.M.dunk with its NVidia Tegra processing and fish-eye stereo camera system. The DELFTACOPTER can be operated beyond line of sight, through its Iridium satellite communication link. In fact, through this link it can be operated from any location on earth. The DELFTACOPTER was designed to participate in the 2016 Outback Medical Challenge, an Australian competition promoting the application of UAV in medical and rescue applications. This year’s edition requires a UAV to pick up and bring back a blood sample of an ill-fated person called “Outback Joe” located at an inaccessible roughly known location 30 kilometer away remote location with unknown terrain. DELFTACOPTER in Forward Flight Figure: Efficient fast forward flight DELFTACOPTER in Hover Figure: Efficient hovering thanks to large single propeller. Property description Value Flight Cruise speed 45 knots at 300 watt Most efficient speed 35 knots at 230 watt Maximum speed 50 knots Physical Weight 4kg MTOW 4,5kg Wing area 0,496 m2 Wing loading 8kg/m2 Span 1,54m Length 0,6 m Height 0,4m Energy Power usage in hover 280 watt Main battery energy 10000mAh ~ 225 Wh FTS battery energy 250mAh ~ 2Wh RPM in forward flight 450 rpm RPM in hovering flight 1550 rpm Datalink Datalink 1 protocol Iridium satellite communication Datalink 1 range Global Datalink 2 protocol 900 MHZ long range communication Datalink 2 range 40km Weather properties Maximum wind speed 30kts Maximum precipitation Light rain Tag: advanced control theory competition landing mavlab open source stereo vision vision based landing Post navigation PreviousPrevious post: Guest Lecture: Prof. Guszti Eiben and The First Robotic BabyNextNext post: Drone learns “to see” in zero-gravity 15 Replies to “DELFTACOPTER – Outback Medical Express” Pingback: Fixed-wing drone rises like a chopper and levels out when it’s time to fly Pingback: DELFTACOPTER – Hybrid Drone on a Mission | Paparazzi UAV Blog Pingback: TU Delft’s Newest Tailsitter Drone Is Designed for Outback Delivery | obiKuo Pingback: TU Delft's Newest Tailsitter Drone Is Designed for Outback Delivery - The Tech News Pingback: TU Delft’s Newest Tailsitter Drone Is Designed for Outback Delivery – Diashmond Pingback: TU Delft's Newest Tailsitter Drone Is Designed for Outback Delivery - Mega Persia Pingback: 又一台“异类”无人机：将直升机和固定翼融合在一起 - 技术 - 爱好博客 Pingback: TU Delft’s Newest Tailsitter Drone Is Designed for Outback Delivery Pingback: Video: Biplane Helicopter Drone - Construction Equipment - Web Magazine Pingback: 지구상 어디서나 조작 가능한 드론? - 테크홀릭 Pingback: IMAV2016 | Paparazzi UAV Blog Pingback: Delft Designers Create New Form Factor for Drones | NEWZE Pingback: Delft Designers Create New Form Factor for Drones | NEWZE Pingback: Delft Designers Create New Form Factor for Drones - MASHDEX Pingback: 3rd place (and more) at the IMAV2017 - MAVLab Comments are closed. © 2024 MAVLab Powered by WordPress Theme by Design Lab