Welcome to SLS - Stanford Law School logo-footer logo-full logo-stanford-university logo menu-close menu Close IconIcon with an X to denote closing. Play IconPlay icon in a circular border. Skip to main content Menu Stanford Law School Search Legal Education without Limits Taking law students where opportunities lead Why A Healthy Democracy Needs A Dose Of Constructive Disagreement Read more : Why A Healthy Democracy Needs A Dose Of Constructive Disagreement Are Frozen Embryos Children? A Discussion of the Alabama Decision on Embryo Rights and the Future of IVF Pregnancies in the U.S. read more : Are Frozen Embryos Children? A Discussion of the Alabama Decision on Embryo Rights and the Future of IVF Pregnancies in the U.S. Stanford Law’s Dan Ho Testifies Before the California State Senate read more : Stanford Law’s Dan Ho Testifies Before the California State Senate Rule of Law Impact Lab and Media Defence File Case Before ECOWAS Court Challenging Senegal’s Internet Shutdowns read more : Rule of Law Impact Lab and Media Defence File Case Before ECOWAS Court Challenging Senegal’s Internet Shutdowns States Adopt Dangerous Legal Reforms Undercutting Public Health Emergency Powers read more : States Adopt Dangerous Legal Reforms Undercutting Public Health Emergency Powers Stanford’s Bill Gould on the Dartmouth College Basketball Union Vote Read more : Stanford’s Bill Gould on the Dartmouth College Basketball Union Vote A special blend of intellectual rigor and kindness and respect is what makes the SLS community so unique and inspiring. Elizabeth Dooley, JD ’13 I am a/an... Future Student Current Student Faculty Staff Alum Journalist Employer Visitor SLS Degree Programs Join a diverse and inclusive community shaped by a commitment to the future. The JD Program Join a diverse and inclusive community shaped by a commitment to the future. Learn more Joint Degree Programs A hallmark of Stanford University and a distinct strength of Stanford Law, where students can explore the many ways law intersects with other fields. Learn more Advanced Degrees One-year master's degree programs and a doctoral degree (JSD) for international graduate students who have earned a law degree outside the United States. Learn more Unique Opportunities at SLS Areas of Interest Learn More : Areas of Interest Clinical Education Learn More : Clinical Education 1L Discussion Seminars Learn More : 1L Discussion Seminars Joint Degree Programs Learn More : Joint Degree Programs Legal Design Lab Learn More : Legal Design Lab Policy Lab Learn More : Policy Lab RegLab Learn More : RegLab W. A. Franke Global Law Program Learn More : W. A. Franke Global Law Program SLS News & Announcements SLS Events In Focus read more Michael Mongan Read More : Michael Mongan Constructive Conflict Read More : Constructive Conflict Jessica Verran-Lingard Read More : Jessica Verran-Lingard Matt Platkin Read More : Matt Platkin Martin Estrada Read More : Martin Estrada Raúl Torrez Read More : Raúl Torrez Adair Ford Boroughs Read More : Adair Ford Boroughs Daniel Goldman Read More : Daniel Goldman SLS Faculty at the American Law Institute Read More : SLS Faculty at the American Law Institute Mary Cranston Read More : Mary Cranston Connect with Us All Facebook Instagram Twitter Follow Stanford Law School 5 days ago Lightbox link for post with description William B. Gould IV, Charles A. Beardsley... William B. Gould IV, Charles A. Beardsley Professor of Law, reached an incredible milestone of 50 years of dedicated service in 2023. His passion for law, commitment to justice, and unwavering dedication continue to make an indelible mark on the fields of labor law and labor relations. Join us in ...honoring his remarkable achievements and contributions by taking a journey through the milestones of his illustrious career. View more here: https://stanford.io/3UYrr0r 100 Share 180184722002436_797463512416331 Follow Stanford Law School 1 weeks ago Lightbox link for post with description The Stanford Center for Legal Informatics (CodeX)... The Stanford Center for Legal Informatics (CodeX) announces their 11th annual FutureLaw conference on April 11, 2024. Be part of an exclusive educational experience & seize the opportunity to network, to challenge the status quo, & to contribute to pivotal conversations about the future of ...law. Dare to ask the difficult questions with us: https://stanford.io/49v5lXw 120 Share 180184722002436_796293619199987 Follow stanfordlawschool 1 weeks ago Lightbox link for post with description Stanford Lawyer Magazine, Issue 109, is full of... Stanford Lawyer Magazine, Issue 109, is full of great stories, but we wanted to take a moment to highlight the accompanying illustrations and images incorporated into this issue. ✍️📷 #stanfordlawyermag Share 18056263810544538 Follow Stanford Law School 1 weeks ago Lightbox link for post with description Last week, Stanford Law's Daniel Ho testified... Last week, Stanford Law's Daniel Ho testified before the California State Senate on "Securing California’s Future: Artificial Intelligence". Watch Ho's testimony: https://stanford.io/3ST9rSj Read full testimony: https://stanford.io/3ST9r4L 40 Share 180184722002436_795771339252215 Load More Crown Quadrangle 559 Nathan Abbott Way Stanford, CA 94305-8610 Phone: 650.723.2465 Fax: 650.725.0253 Follow Us on Twitter Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on YouTube Follow Us on Instagram Follow Us on LinkedIn Subscribe to our RSS feeds Secondary Navigation I am ... Future Student Current Student I am a Staff Member I am a Faculty Member Alum Employer Journalist About About SLS ABA-Required Disclosures Visiting Campus Web Accessibility Website Feedback Giving at SLS Education Degrees Only-at-SLS Courses JD Graduation Information Executive Education Research Faculty Research Robert Crown Law Library Publications Student Journals Community Student Life Events Faculty Directory Organizations Careers Legal Careers Jobs at SLS News & Media News Center Media Coverage SLS Blogs Stanford Lawyer Magazine Video Center Social Media Hub SLS Newsletters Stanford University Navigation Stanford Home Maps & Directions Search Stanford Emergency Info Legal Navigation Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Trademarks Non-Discrimination Accessibility © Stanford University, Stanford, California 94305. Back to the Top © Stanford University, Stanford, California, 94305-8610 | https://law.stanford.edu/