Home - IDRA Close Menu Home Donate 50th Anniversary 2023 Who We Are About IDRA Change Model President & CEO Staff Staff Team Home Mikayla Arciaga, M.A.Ed. Nilka Avilés, Ed.D. Hector Bojorquez Morgan Craven, J.D. Paige Duggins-Clay, J.D. Reymundo R. Flores, MBA Stephanie Garcia, Ph.D. Christie L. Goodman, APR, Fellow PRSA Chloe Latham Sikes, Ph.D. Makiah Lyons, J.D. Thomas Marshall III, M.Ed. Aurelio M. Montemayor, M.Ed. Celina Moreno, J.D. Lizdelia Piñón, Ed.D. Christina Quintanilla-Muñoz, M.Ed. Annette Ramos Jocellyn Rivera Joanna D. Sánchez, Ph.D. Claribel Tirú Silvia Valencia. MBA Michelle Martínez Vega Terrence Wilson, J.D. Board of Directors IDRA Fellows IDRA Interns Youth Advisory Board Our Story – Transforming Education by Putting Children First Annual Reports IDRA Social Media Contact Us Employment Opportunities at IDRA Data Dashboards & Maps Learning Goes On – COVID-19 Resources Learning Goes On – Home Donate to Support Education During COVID-19 Crisis Policy Updates – English Policy Updates – Spanish IDRA Surveys Webinar Series Educator and Student Support School Leadership Teaching Quality Curriculum Quality and Access Student Programs Family and Community Engagement Online Technical Assistance Toolkits Families and Communities Families and Communities Home Page Education CAFE™ Family Leadership Model Family and Community Engagement IDRA Ventanilla de Orientación Educativa Cultural and Ethnic Studies IDRA Valued Youth Partnership IDRA VisionCoders Knowledge is Power Learning Goes On Policy, Advocacy and Community Engagement Policy, Advocacy and Community Engagement Home Ending Harmful Discipline to Create Safer Schools Ensuring Excellent Educational Opportunities for English Learners Ensuring Fair School Funding for All Students Growing and Sustaining Healthy School Districts Preparing All Students to Succeed in College Federal Education Advocacy Texas Education Advocacy Georgia Education Advocacy Policy Fellows Program Georgia Coalition for Education Justice SEEN Culturally Sustaining Schools Collaborative Texas Legislative Education Equity Coalition Pressroom News Releases Statements Speeches and Testimony Research Research Home Attrition and Dropout Rates in Texas Texas School Finance Dashboards José A. Cárdenas School Finance Fellows Program Ready Texas Evaluation, Research and Needs Assessment Services English Learner Education Research Teacher Preparation Research Early Childhood Education Research School Funding Research College Access and Success Research School Discipline Research Studies for San Antonio College USDA Evaluation Resource Center (Publications, etc.) Resource Center Home Annual Reports Classnotes Podcast IDRA eNews IDRA Newsletter Infographics Legacy of Mendez & Brown News Releases Publications Statements Webinars School Resource Hub – We All Belong Semillitas de Aprendizaje Southern Education Equity Network Full Menu Who We Are Events Pressroom Subscribe Search Transforming educationby putting children first Search Our Resources Who We Are Research Education Policy Families & Communities Educator and Student Support Services for Educators IDRA EAC-South Resource Center Valued Youth Partnership Support our work! Donate Subscribe to our Newsletter! Sign Up Now See our Resources IDRA Newsletter Classnotes Podcast IDRA eNews Infographics Publications School Resource Hub School Resource Hub Follow us on our social media eNews February 2024 issue of the IDRA Newsletter This issue's focus is Education Research In This Issue: - Mexican American Studies – A Deep Look by High School Students - Embedding Social-Emotional Learning into Student-Serving Programs - IDRA Youth Advisory Board Members Study Culturally Responsive Teaching and School - New Texas School Finance Data Maps - Recent News Learn More eNews Black History Month Features A Policy Agenda to Support Black Students, by Morgan Craven, J.D., February 27, 2023 Going Back to that Beautiful History – In Defense of African American Studies, by Terrence Wilson, J.D., February 27, 2023 Black Students Belong – The Case for an Afrofuturistic Education, by Paige Duggins-Clay, J.D., February 27, 2023 Classroom Lessons in IDRA's SEEN School Resource Hub ~ We All Belong Books by Black Authors to Add to Your Classroom Library, Learn More eNews Knowledge is Power Texas State Board of Ed Sets Censorship Rules, Punts AINS Ethnic Studies The Texas State Board of Education set censorship guidelines and delayed further ethnic studies consideration in the first meeting of the year Learn More eNews Southern Education Policy Update Previewing Legislative Sessions Happening in the South In this edition: + What We’ve Been Working on at IDRA… IDRA’s 2024 Legislative Priorities in Georgia Top Education Issues in Southern State Legislatures + Southern Research Corner Ending School Policing + South Got Somethin’ to Say – Education Headlines Learn More eNews J. Toufic Chahín Named 2024 IDRA José A. Cárdenas School Finance Fellow His collaborative work with IDRA as a fellow will focus on using quantitative analysis to identify inequities affecting students in charter schools in contrast to their traditional public school classmates, particularly in segregation, student achievement and college readiness. Learn More Webinar - Video Available Lau v. Nichols 50th Anniversary IDRA is co-hosting a commemorative webinar via Claremont Graduate University School of Educational Studies. Celina Moreno, J.D., IDRA President & CEO, will speak alongside the Lau plaintiff lawyer, school superintendents, policy experts and academics. They will discuss the policy and practice implications of the ruling through to today. Learn More Podcast Student Leaders Surprise Teachers – Podcast Episode 240 Classnotes Podcast (January 19, 2024). Many programs in public schools take a while to bear fruit. This is not surprising … read more Listen Now eNews IDRA Newsletter Focus: 50th Anniversary – Year in Review Focus: 50th Anniversary – Year in Review In this issue: - Envisioning a Bright Future for All Students, by Celina Moreno, J.D. - Anniversary Year in Review - Highlights of IDRA’s 50th Anniversary Calendar of Events - Recognitions in 2023 - Bold Legacy, Bright Future – IDRA’s 50th Anniversary Gala Learn More Research eNews Texas School Counselors Raise Concerns about College Advising IDRA Releases Study of the Role of Middle School Counselors in Supporting Students’ College Readiness Learn More News Trellis Foundation Announces $1M in Grants Supporting Higher Education Policy Fellowships New grant supports IDRA’s ground-breaking Education Policy Fellowship program. Learn More Anniversary IDRA 50th Anniversary Gala - Highlights We gathered on November 2 to celebrate the legacy of the IDRA community and look toward the next 50 years of supporting students and public schools across the country. See photos and video features from the event. Learn More IDRA 50th Anniversary San Antonio Mayor Congratulates IDRA City of San Antonio Declares "IDRA Day" Learn More Advocacy See our Stop Vouchers advocacy resources Texas Governor Abbott called a special legislative session in October 2023 to press legislators to establish Texas’ first-ever private school voucher program, funded by all Texas taxpayers. Instead, Texas needs to invest in public schools that serve 5.4 million students and their families. The proposed voucher program would cost $500 million. Get resources here to help Texas say no to vouchers! Learn More Op-Ed It's past time for corporal punishment to end in schools San Antonio Express-News Commentary by expert, Morgan Craven, appears in San Antonio Express-News Learn More PBS Celina Moreno profile on ¡Salud! on KLRN TV Learn More eNews Knowledge is Power: Book banning & Hispanic Heritage Month What Texas’ New Book Banning Law Means for School Libraries and Student Books Texas’ New High-Quality Instructional Materials Law is Tangled in Classroom Censorship The Real Impact of Banning African American Studies Hispanic Heritage Month – In the Classroom Learn More Digital Inclusion Week Webinar – Now Available On Demand AI in Education Leveraging AI in Education Research and in the Classroom Learn different ways to use artificial intelligence tools and resources to improve the classroom experience and advance education research. Panelists will discuss the ethical implications of using AI in education and ideas for classroom use. Learn More Webinar – Now Available On Demand Cultural Chronicles The Significance of Mexican American Studies Join us for an engaging 90-minute panel discussion that delves deep into the transformative influence of ethnic studies on students and their families. Explore how ethnic studies programs have evolved beyond the classroom, shaping perspectives and fostering a sense of belonging. Learn More Youth Planning STEM Student Advisory Board Meetings In December, our citywide STEM Youth Summit will be the place to be! Since this summit is for students by students, we invite students to join one or more of our virtual meeting dates via Zoom. Learn More eNews School Opening Alert and Resources Immigrant Students' Rights to Attend Public Schools As this new school year begins, this alert is a reminder that public schools, by law, must serve all children. Learn More eNews Federal Education Policy Update Highlights from our 50th Anniversary Reception in D.C. IDRA hosted a 50th Anniversary Reception in Washington, D.C., along with host committee partners Legal Defense Fund, MALDEF, National Coalition on School Diversity, and Seek Common Ground. The reception featured a keynote address from U.S. Department of Education Deputy Secretary Cynthia “Cindy” Marten and remarks by Congresswoman Teresa Leger Fernández, Congressman Joaquin Castro, IDRA President & CEO Celina Moreno, and IDRA National Director of Policy, Advocacy and Community Engagement Morgan Craven. Learn More Statement Court Sides with UNT by Reversing Anti-Immigrant Tuition Challenge Fifth Circuit Court Decision Reverses District Court Order in Young Conservatives of Texas v. Neal Smatresk et al. See IDRA's statement with the Presidents’ Alliance on Higher Education and Immigration Learn More News IDRA Statement on Supreme Court Rulings on Harvard and UNC Affirmative Action Cases Students’ Racial Diversity Should be Celebrated, Not Minimized or Erased Supreme Court Ignores History & Precedent in Striking Down Affirmative Action in College Admissions Learn More eNews Teens Win 2023 National Essay Contest Awards IDRA Valued Youth Partnership Program Tutors Share Stories of the Program's Impact on Their Lives Six students received prizes in a national competition among participants in the IDRA Valued Youth Partnership program, a nationally-recognized cross-age tutoring program. The VYP tutors wrote about how the program helped them do better in school and how they had helped their tutees to do better. Learn More Webinar - Watch Recording What New Education Laws Mean for Texas Schools Reviewing the 2023 Texas Legislative Session What happened in the Texas legislative session? This webinar reviews new educational policies from the Texas legislative session and how they affect schools, educators, students and parents. Learn More eNews U.S. Supreme Court Ruling 41 Years Ago Today Confirms Immigrant Students' Rights to Attend Public Schools Plyler v. Doe Supports ﻿High-Quality Schools In one of those last-minute backdoor tricks, an amendment slipped through the Texas Legislature without debate in 1975 setting off a chain of events that shoved a specific selection of children out of school. Undocumented immigrant children were suddenly excluded from education. Learn More eNews Trust Teachers to Provide Accurate and Inclusive Education IDRA School Resource Hub Provides Tools for Teaching About Race and Gender In today’s climate of classroom censorship, teachers still have a job to do to provide accurate and inclusive education for their students. IDRA developed its award-winning We All Belong – School Resource Hub by first listening to teachers and students who want lessons on history and current events about race and gender and to help provide context to discrimination they have experienced. Learn More Event - Watch Video IDRA José A. Cárdenas School Finance Fellow Virtual Symposium Two IDRA José A. Cárdenas School Finance Fellows, Dr. Vanessa A. Sansone and Dr. David Martínez, presented their research at our virtual symposium, along with a team of high school students who will present their research. - Dr. Vanessa A. Sansone: An Exploration of CARES Act Funding Policies Affecting Hispanic-Serving Institutions in Texas - Dr. David Martínez: A Disproportionality Analysis of South Carolina School Finance Policy Priorities in High Proportion LatinX Districts During COVID-19 - Student team: Culturally Responsive Education and School Discipline in Texas Schools: A Mixed-Methods Case Study Learn More eNews IDRA Policy Priorities for Texas, Georgia and the Nation Calling for Bold Action to Prepare All Students for a Strong Future Since our founding 50 years ago, IDRA has provided analysis and guidance to policymakers nationally while engaging with communities, educators and students on policy issues to ensure all students have access to equitable and excellent education. IDRA recenlty released our policy priorities to promote educational justice, build excellent and equitable schools, and protect the civil rights of systemically-excluded students, particularly those who are Black, Latino and/or emergent bilingual students. Learn More 50 Years Ago: Rodríguez vs. San Antonio ISD Find out how this case led to IDRA's founding Learn More eNews News Release Middle Schoolers Becoming Software Designers while Supporting Younger Students South San Antonio ISD Students Pilot IDRA’s New VisionCoders Course San Antonio middle school students who are in at-risk situations are becoming the next generation of software coders through IDRA’s innovative project, VisionCoders™. In the new course, eighth graders in two South San Antonio ISD schools are piloting the IDRA VisionCoders class to create educational games for prekindergarten, kindergarten and first grade students. Learn More Statement Schools Should Prioritize Prevention, Education and Support Over Exclusionary Discipline in Cases of Identity-Based Bullying and Harassment Exclusionary discipline is not the answer to bullying, harassment or discrimination, whether that discipline is applied against the young person engaging in the bullying or the young person experiencing the bullying. Learn More News IDRA Kicks Off 50th Anniversary Celebration In 2023, IDRA is celebrating its 50th year of working for excellence in education for all children. We are taking a little time to reflect on relationships we have built and on some of the changes we have seen since 1973 when a small group of concerned citizens set out to change the world. Learn More News Virginia’s Anti-Equity Executive Order 1 Does Not Require Schools to Limit Curriculum or Instruction IDRA and Partners Publish Analysis with Guidance for School Personnel and Communities A new analysis shows that directives in Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin’s anti-equity Executive Order 1 do not apply to local school division policy or practice. IDRA released today the study and guide for school leaders, What Virginia’s Anti-Equity Executive Order 1 and Reports Mean for K-12 Schools and Students, to help them continue to promote culturally sustaining school practices. Learn More Donate Early Childhood Bilingual Curriculum IDRA Newsletter eNews Classnotes Podcast Resource Center IDRA Social Media Southern Education Equity Network School Resource Hub – Lesson Plans Donate Early Childhood Bilingual Curriculum IDRA Newsletter eNews Classnotes Podcast Resource Center IDRA Social Media Southern Education Equity Network School Resource Hub – Lesson Plans Contact 5815 Callaghan Road, Suite 101 San Antonio, TX 78228 Phone: 210-444-1710 Fax: 210-444-1714