On Disney+ | What's New and Coming Soon on Disney+ Sign In My Account Account Settings Sign Out Disney.com Disney+ Home On Disney+ The Disney Bundle Parks & Travel Home Walt Disney World Walt Disney World Disneyland Disney Cruise Line Aulani All Parks & Travel Movies Home All Movies Movies Anywhere Disney Movie Insiders 20th Century Studios Shop Sale Clothes Accessories Toys Shop All Disney News D23 Live Shows Home Disney on Broadway Disney on Ice Disney Live! Skip Navigation Disney.com Disney+ On Disney+ The Disney Bundle Parks & Travel Walt Disney World Resort Disneyland Resort Disney Cruise Line Aulani - A Disney Resort and Spa Adventures by Disney Disney Vacation Club Movies All Movies Movies Anywhere Disney Movie Insiders 20th Century Studios Shop Sale Clothes Accessories Toys Shop All More Disney News D23: The Official Disney Fan Club Live Shows Sign In My Account Account Settings Sign Out Search Cancel Explore Disney+Disney+ is the ultimate streaming destination for entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, and National Geographic. series Iwájú “Iwájú” is an original animated series set in a futuristic Lagos, Nigeria. The exciting coming-of-age story follows Tola, a young girl from the wealthy island, and her best friend, Kole, a self-taught tech expert, as they discover the secrets and dangers hidden in their different worlds. Kugali filmmakers—including director Olufikayo Ziki Adeola, production designer Hamid Ibrahim and cultural consultant Toluwalakin Olowofoyeku—take viewers on a unique journey into the world of “Iwájú,” bursting with unique visual elements and technological advancements inspired by the spirit of Lagos. The series is produced by Disney Animation’s Christina Chen with a screenplay by Adeola and Halima Hudson. “Iwájú” features the voices of Simisola Gbadamosi, Dayo Okeniyi, Femi Branch, Siji Soetan and Weruche Opia. series Star Wars: The Bad Batch Season 3 In the epic final season of “Star Wars: The Bad Batch,” the Batch will have their limits tested in the fight to reunite with Omega as she faces challenges of her own inside a remote Imperial science lab. With the group fractured and facing threats from all directions, they will have to seek out unexpected allies, embark on dangerous missions, and muster everything they have learned to free themselves from the Empire. films Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó First-generation Taiwanese American Director Sean Wang turns a camera on his grandmas (his “Nǎi Nai” and “Wài Pó”), who are inseparable best friends and roommates in their 80s and 90s. The Academy Award®-nominated film captures their daily lives in hilarious and unexpected ways as they dance, stretch, and fart their sorrows away—eventually giving way to a poignant meditation on lives marked by both joy and pain. Together, grandmas and grandson remind us that getting older doesn’t have to mean fading away. films Marvel Studios’ Assembled ASSEMBLED is a comprehensive series of documentary-style specials streaming on Disney+ that chronicles the creation of Marvel Studios’ thrilling new shows and theatrical releases. Journey behind-the-scenes of productions such as WandaVision, The Falcon and The Winter Soldier, and Loki via exclusive on-set footage. Join filmmakers and stars like Scarlett Johansson and Jeremy Renner as they detail the genesis of the Black Widow film, and the Hawkeye series. ASSEMBLED is an immersive, and in-depth examination of the next phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. series Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures Set 200 years before “The Phantom Menace,” during the High Republic era, the animated series follows Jedi younglings as they study the ways of the Force, explore the galaxy, help citizens and creatures in need and learn valuable skills needed to become Jedi along the way. Produced by Lucasfilm in collaboration with Wild Canary for Disney+ and Disney Junior, “Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures” is executive produced by Lucasfilm’s James Waugh, Jacqui Lopez, and Josh Rimes. Michael Olson (“Puppy Dog Pals”) is showrunner and executive producer. series Arctic Ascent with Alex Honnold Alex Honnold (“Free Solo”) embarks on an epic quest of unclimbed walls in one of the most remote corners of Greenland, a country on the frontline of the climate crisis. Honnold has always dreamed of exploring Greenland and its unclimbed peaks. Now he and world-class climbers Hazel Findlay and Mikey Schaefer attempt to summit Ingmikortilaq, an unclimbed Arctic seacliff that rises out of the frozen wilderness and is nearly 1,000 feet higher than “Free Solo”’s El Capitan. For Honnold, a long-time climate activist, this expedition is about more than just climbing. It is an opportunity to witness firsthand the impact of climate change on a wilderness that is vitally important to the future of the planet. With the help of Dr. Heïdi Sevestre, a glaciologist working with the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program, Greenlandic guide Adam Kjeldsen and renowned adventurer Aldo Kane, the team uses a special radar to take real-time depth and density measurements of a rarely studied section of Greenland’s ice cap. ARCTIC ASCENT WITH ALEX HONNOLD is a three-part scientific expedition led by one of the world’s greatest climbers in pursuit of a lifelong dream. series Genius: MLK/X In a first for the franchise, the new season of the Emmy® Award-winning anthology series will focus on two iconic geniuses: Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (Kelvin Harrison Jr.) and Malcolm X (Aaron Pierre). GENIUS: MLK/X will explore the formative years, where they were molded by strong fathers and traumatic injustices, and their rich, parallel stories as they shaped their identities and became the change they wished to see in the world. The docu-drama series offers an intimate look into their complex lives as husbands, fathers, brothers and sons, taking them off the iconic T-shirts to show their humanity. With their formidable wives, Coretta Scott King (Weruche Opia) and Betty Shabazz (Jayme Lawson), leading by their sides, King and X are two visionaries who ultimately rose to pioneer a movement. series SparkShorts Disney+ will be the exclusive home of “SparkShorts,” the Pixar Animation Studios short film series designed to discover new storytellers and explore new storytelling techniques from across the studio. series Choir Choir is a 6-part documentary series following the kids of the Detroit Youth Choir as they prepare for the performance of a lifetime. Through their eyes, we experience the highs and lows of life growing up in Detroit, navigating the challenges of balancing family, school, and athletics, all while pursuing their dreams of taking their talents to the next level and performing on one of the world’s biggest stages. Following their 2019 appearance on America’s Got Talent, it’s a pivotal time for the choir and its director, Anthony White, as he’s faced with the combined challenges of replacing several key members, keeping the choir relevant in Detroit, and finding the next big opportunity that will put them back in the national spotlight. series A Real Bug's Life Inspired by the World of Disney and Pixar's “A Bug's Life,” the new Disney+ Original series from National Geographic, A REAL BUG’S LIFE, is an incredible adventure into nine different micro bug worlds around the globe, where the forces of nature play out on a miniature scale and where tiny creatures rely on amazing powers and extraordinary alliances to make it through each day. The stakes are high … even if the critters are extraordinarily small. With new developments in filming technology and narrated by fun and witty guide Awkwafina, follow the incredible stories of the tiny heroes living in worlds beyond the imagination — from a jumping spider looking for a home on the streets of New York to a Costa Rican orchid bee’s first day on the job making perfume! Full of mind-blowing new behaviors and larger-than-life characters, this family-friendly series shows that A REAL BUG’S LIFE can be every bit as fantastical as any animated film. series Echo Marvel Studios presents “Echo,” spotlighting Maya Lopez (Alaqua Cox) as she is pursued by Wilson Fisk’s (Vincent D’Onofrio) criminal empire. When the journey brings her home, she must confront her own family and legacy. series What If…? Season 2 Season two of “What If…?” continues the journey as The Watcher guides viewers through the vast multiverse, introducing brand new and familiar faces throughout the MCU. The series questions, revisits and twists classic Marvel Cinematic moments with an incredible voice cast that includes a host of stars who reprise their iconic roles. Featuring fan-favorite characters this season like Nebula, Hela and Happy Hogan, episodes are directed by executive producer Bryan Andrews with executive producer AC Bradley as head writer. Show More Loading... Movies Now Streaming on Disney+ The Marvels Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny Haunted Mansion Elemental The Little Mermaid Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 Marvel Studios' Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania Avatar: The Way of Water Marvel Studios’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Strange World Marvel Studios’ Thor: Love and Thunder Lightyear Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Turning Red Encanto Marvel Studios' Eternals Shang-Chi and The Legend of The Ten Rings Videos 0:33 Iwájú | The Language That Unites | Disney+ 0:44 Iwájú | How About This | Disney+ 1:13 Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) | Official Trailer | Disney+ 1:23 Next On Disney+ | March 2024 0:53 'A Different Approach" | Star Wars: The Bad Batch 2:25 Iwájú: A Day Ahead | Official Trailer | Disney+ 2:00 Iwájú | A Love Letter To Lagos | Disney+ 0:30 Star Wars: The Bad Batch Final Season | Danger 1:21 Iwájú | Welcome To The Mainland | Disney+ 0:52 Star Wars: The Bad Batch Final Season | 'Shadows of Tantiss' Official Clip 0:30 Star Wars: The Bad Batch Final Season | Final Mission 0:30 Iwájú | Future | Disney+ 1:01 "Paths Unknown" Official Clip | Star Wars: The Bad Batch 1:46 Marvel Animation’s X-Men ‘97 | Official Trailer | Disney+ 0:15 New Adventures to Love | Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures | Disney+ 1:34 Iwájú | Official Trailer | Disney+ 0:30 Well Said | Disney+ 1:01 Star Wars: The Bad Batch Final Season | 'Confined' Official Clip 0:44 Self | The Making Of | Disney+ 2:00 Next On Disney+ | February 2024 2:16 Madu | Official Trailer | Disney+ 0:43 A Hero’s Journey Official Trailer | Percy Jackson and the Olympians | Disney+ 1:21 Meet the Grannies | Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó | Disney+ 1:18 Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó | Official Trailer | Disney+ 2:02 The Bad Batch | The Final Season Official Trailer | Disney+ 2:16 Arctic Ascent with Alex Honnold | Official Trailer | National Geographic 0:30 New Adventures Arrive February 14 | Star Wars: Young Jedi Adventures | Disney+ 1:28 Marvel's Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur Season 2 | Official Trailer 2:06 Choir | Official Trailer | Disney+ 0:49 “My Turn” Official Clip | Marvel Studios’ What if... ? | Disney+ *U.S. residents, 18+ only. Access content from each service separately. Location data required to watch certain content. Offer valid for eligible subscribers only. Subject to Disney+ and ESPN+ Subscriber Agreement. For detailed information on billing and cancelation, please visit the Disney+ Help Center. Help About and Legal About Disney Disney Help Careers Contact Us Advertise With Us Disney® Premier Visa® Card Terms of Use Additional Content Information Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information Interest-Based Ads © Disney, All Rights Reserved, Disney Entertainment