NYU Abu Dhabi Jump to: Sections of this page Sections of this page Search Skip to Main navigation Skip to Page content Skip to Footer To open and close this bar, use alt+/ Faculty Current Students Alumni News Latest News Press Room Social Media Directory Events Quick Links Careers Contact Library Intranet عربي All NYU Search NYU Abu Dhabi New York University Abu Dhabi Home Academics Prepare to succeed in a truly global world. Study at NYUAD Undergraduate Graduate Divisions Faculty Profiles Registrar Community Programs Academic Strategy Executive Education Strategic Philanthropy Initiative Admissions Your journey to NYUAD starts here. Attend an application workshop or information session. Admissions Events Undergraduate Graduate Research The challenges of our rapidly globalizing world are varied and interdisciplinary. Featured Research Research Institute Centers Faculty Labs and Projects Facilities and Support Impact Postdoctoral Research Campus Life Live the possibilities. Be part of a dynamic community of students from over 115 countries. Take a Tour Housing Living in Abu Dhabi Undergraduate Experience Graduate Student Community Athletics and Fitness Student Stories Public Programs About Exceptional education. World class research. Community-driven. Our Story NYUAD at a Glance Inclusion, Diversity, Belonging, and Equity Careers Leadership and Administration 19 Washington Square North Community Engagement Social Responsibility FAQs Work With Our Students Sustainability and Stewardship Institute Contact and Location News Latest News Press Room Events Past Events Social Media Directory Press Room Emergency Alerts Faculty Current Students Alumni عربي homepage carousel Works to Evolve in Real Time at the NYUAD Art Gallery’s Spring Exhibition In Real Time opens at the Art Gallery on February 22. Discover shows, art exhibitions, and talks Check out the new season at NYU Abu Dhabi and discover more. Our Commitment to a Livable Planet NYU Abu Dhabi is redoubling its own efforts to propel research, teaching, and action on climate change, both in the country and the many sites abroad where we work. Stern at NYUAD One-year Full-time MBA Program The application for the January 2025 intake is open. Upcoming application deadline is March 11, 2024. Electronic Vehicle Grand Prix More than 400 students from 28 high schools in the UAE, USA, Italy, and Egypt will race their hand-built electric cars. Emirati Yenching Scholar Abdulla Saeed AlHemeiri is the first Emirati to receive the honor and the ninth NYUAD recipient. Institute Celebrates 15 Years With a comprehensive range of talks, conferences, and workshops, the lineup promises its audience a wealth of deep insights into contemporary topics. Features Research at NYU Abu Dhabi deepens our understanding of the world and ourselves. Out of This World Thunder and nanosatellites collide in an innovative mission to study terrestrial gamma ray flashes. No Longer Lost in Translation Non-Arabic speakers making efforts to learn the language that can help bridge the cultural divide. Solving The Riddles of Space and Time An interdisciplinary initiative at NYU Abu Dhabi spotlights how the Himalayan climate hotspot is jeopardizing the water supply for a quarter of humanity. More Women in Coral Reef Science Across the Gulf States Though a gender divide persists in the investigation of this vital ecosystem, study reveals a recent regional increase in female authorship. Why NYU Abu Dhabi? NYU Abu Dhabi is one of the most diverse campuses in the world. Our students come from 115 countries and speak more than 100 languages. Faculty Highlights NYU Abu Dhabi faculty are researchers, scholars, and artists of extraordinary distinction within and beyond their disciplines. Khaled Shahin, Clinical Associate Professor of Civil & Urban Engineering; Coordinator of Engineering Khaled Shahin specializes in structural mechanics and fiber-reinforced polymer composite materials. His research interests include computational structural mechanics, fatigue and fracture mechanics of adhesively bonded joints, mechanics of fiber reinforced polymer (FRP) composites, and risk and reliability-based structural design methods. Fiona Newell, Visiting Professor Fiona Newell’s main research interests are in human perceptual processes. She leads the "Multisensory Perception and Cognition Group" at the Trinity College Institute of Neuroscience. Together with her research team they conduct empirical investigations into perceptual function in humans. Satnam Singh Choongh, Clinical Professor of Legal Writing and Research Satnam Choongh dual-qualified as a solicitor in 1998, but has remained as a practicing barrister for the last 30 years specializing in all aspects of Planning and Environmental Law. Jingoo Kang, Associate Professor, Business, Organizations and Society Jingoo Kang's research interests include (organizational ambidexterity (exploration and exploitation), capital market restrictions and firm behavior, and managerial characteristics and decision making. Upcoming Events NYU Abu Dhabi offers a lively forum for the exchange of ideas with local audiences as well as worldwide academic and research communities. See all upcoming events. Unfettered by Boundaries: Filmmaker Shekhar Kapur March 1, 2024 A conversation with filmmaker Shekhar Kapur about his journey through diverse film industries and film genres, across national boundaries. Emel Mathlouthi | Mazaher March 2, 2024 Emel Mathlouthi is a songwriter, composer, guitarist, and singer who brings a powerful brand new sound to Tunisian music. Mathematical Cryptanalysis in the Real World March 4, 2024 This talk surveys 'weapons of math destruction' that have proven remarkably effective in identifying flawed cryptographic implementations in real-world scenarios. Let's Connect quicklinks-select Quick Links Alumni Careers Contact Library Intranet Student Portal موقعنا العربي Events All Events The Arts Center Art Gallery Institute Innovation & Entrepreneurship startAD startAD Core Programs Let's Connect © New York University Abu Dhabi Digital Privacy Statement Accessibility General Feedback close