Home - Ogury Menu Data Reinvented Tailored Solutions & Services Advertisers Publishers About Ogury Content Center Contact Us Pub Login Data Reinvented Tailored Solutions & Services Advertisers Publishers About Ogury Content Center Contact Us Pub Login Fueled by data. Grounded in privacy. Ogury is a global adtech company that delivers advertising solutions grounded in privacy to brands, agencies and publishers by targeting personas, not people. Discover More Ogury offers a data-driven addition to traditional targeting methods that cannot be found anywhere else. Our solution goes beyond contextual and semantic targeting to help brands reach the right audience without using personal information. Our three pillars meticulously merge to create campaigns that deliver unparalleled precision and performance. Data Reinvented. Robust, unique data and insights that preserve privacy, produce strong performance and future-proof brand campaigns. Learn More Tailored Solutions & Services. Precise solutions for the evolving needs of brands & advertisers. Learn More People-Focused Experiences. We take a people-first approach to everything we do, meeting the needs of consumers and our partners. Learn More Trusted partner to leading brands, agencies, and publishers worldwide. Our partnerships are based on trust, and built for results. As privacy and security are part of our DNA, we were delighted to join forces with Ogury, a tech partner able to combine safety and precise targeting with engaging creatives to support us in reaching the right audience. Matteo Brignoli Senior Manager, Digital Marketing & Social Media Download Case Study Ogury was the perfect partner thanks to its breakthrough Personified Advertising. With its non-intrusive approach to gathering market intelligence based on qualitative – not personal – data, we were able to reach users at scale – ensuring the awareness, consideration, and memorability of our messaging. Natàlia Oliva Vila Digital Campaigns & Data Analyst Download Case Study The ability to meet our needs, identify, reach and attract our ideal audience, confirmed Ogury as an important and strategic partner for us, campaign after campaign. Its unique mobile user and behavior data and the strong targeting technology were exactly what we needed. Michele Fazio Windows Category Manager, Western Europe – South Download Case Study Ogury delivers unparalleled performance and brand safety validated by trusted industry partners. 3x Above average performance on Attention As measured by Lumen 1.9x Ad viewability vs. the market average Based on eMarketer and MOAT global benchmarks 95%+ Brand safety delivered across Ogury sites Certified by MOAT, IAS and Doubleverify <1% Invalid Traffic Certified by MOAT, IAS and Doubleverify 1.3x Above average Video View-through-Rate Based on eMarketer and MOAT global benchmarks 2%+ CTR vs 1% benchmark Based on eMarketer and MOAT global benchmarks Doing our part to protect the planet. Because we don’t use personal information, our solution consumes less server energy than typical adtech solutions. This is just one part of our multi-faceted sustainability strategy. Read More Taking a stand for sustainability. Read More Privacy pioneers with a duty to inspire and educate in privacy’s new era. Visit our Content Center to view our latest press releases, case studies, opinion pieces, and more. Content Center Press November 8, 2023 The Fourth Wave Of Advertising Will Crest In 2024: Are Advertisers Ready To Ride It To Success? Read More Read More Go ahead and plan media the way you always have. Or learn more about how our exclusive data and persona-based solution can prepare you for a future without personal identifiers. Speak to a member of our team About Us Awards Careers Contact Us Privacy Website Privacy Policy Advertising Privacy Policy Disable Ogury Services Google Data Safety Guidance Legal Publishers Terms & Conditions Brand Safety Policy Modern Slavery Statement (UK) Social LinkedIn Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube © 2024 Ogury Ltd Cookie Settings