Drinkaware Home | Drinkaware Skip to content Facts Advice and support Tools Research News Shop Understand more about your drinking Take the Drinking Check and get all the tips and advice to help you make a change. Take the Drinking Check Alcohol in the LGBTQ+ community If you’re a part of the LGBTQ+ community and think you need help with your drinking, there is a range of support and advice. Out in the open: Alcohol use and harm in LGBTQ+ communities report Drinking in the LGBTQ+ community A queer guide to navigating nightlife Advice and support for the LGBTQ+ community I want to explore... Help to reduce your drinking Looking to reduce your drinking? We've got plenty of tips and advice to help you on your way and keep you motivated. Find out more Help to stop drinking completely Get all the facts and tips you need to support your decision to stop drinking, from knowing your triggers to what to expect. Find out more Help to support someone else Not everyone knows if they are drinking at a dangerous level. Find out how you can offer essential support and help someone you care about. Find out more Tools to help understand your drinking Our digital tools can help you assess, track and set goals to reduce your drinking. Taking one could be the first step to change your relationship with alcohol and improve your health. Find out more Alcohol education resources View our independent, evidence-based resources, training and products that support people to change their relationship with alcohol and improve their health. Find out more Alcohol support services If you are concerned that you or someone you care about has a drinking problem there is help available. Find out the many ways that you can access support. Find out more News, tips and advice Stay up-to-date with the latest information on alcohol, health and your wellbeing. How alcohol impacts our behaviour Discover how alcohol impacts behaviour, inhibitions, judgement, emotions and anxiety. Get insights and tips for responsible drinking. Find out more Adrian Chiles: The Good Drinker In an excerpt from his latest book, The Good Drinker, author, and broadcaster Adrian Chiles talks about drinking and the benefits of alcohol moderation. Find out more How to moderate drinking when your partner doesn't want to If you’ve decided you want to try and cut down on alcohol, you’ve already made a great first step. But what happens if your partner isn’t so keen? Find out more Newsletter Tips to change your relationship with alcohol Alcohol information Facts Advice and support Tools Professionals Work with us Shop Logo licence About us What we do News Research Careers Contact Contact us Our team Community policy Cookie preference centre Terms of use Accessibility statement Privacy notice Complaints policy Copyright Drinkaware 2024 | Registered in England & Wales No. 4547974, A company limited by guarantee, Registered Charity No. 1094586, Scottish Number. SC043163