FEDERAL RESERVE BANK of NEW YORK - Serving the Second District and the Nation - FEDERAL RESERVE BANK of NEW YORK Museum & Visits Regional Economy Data & Statistics Careers Blog Press Center Menu About the New York Fed About the New York Fed What We Do Who We Are Bank Leadership Diversity and Inclusion Communities We Serve Governance Board of Directors Disclosures Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Annual Financial Statements Org Chart More About Us News & Events Advisory Groups Vendor Information Holiday Schedule At the New York Fed, our mission is to make the U.S. economy stronger and the financial system more stable for all segments of society. We do this by executing monetary policy, providing financial services, supervising banks and conducting research and providing expertise on issues that impact the nation and communities we serve. Introducing the New York Innovation Center: Delivering a central bank innovation execution Do you have a request for information and records? Learn how to submit it. Learn about the history of the New York Fed and central banking in the United States through articles, speeches, photos and video. Markets & Policy Implementation Markets & Policy Implementation DATA Reference Rates Effective Federal Funds Rate Overnight Bank Funding Rate Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Averages & Index Broad General Collateral Rate Tri-Party General Collateral Rate Desk Operations Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Repos Reverse Repos Securities Lending Central Bank Liquidity Swaps System Open Market Account Holdings Primary Dealer Statistics Historical Transaction Data DOMESTIC MARKET OPERATIONS Monetary Policy Implementation Treasury Securities Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Agency Debt Securities Repos & Reverse Repos Securities Lending Discount Window Treasury Debt Auctions & Buybacksas Fiscal Agent INTERNATIONAL MARKET OPERATIONS Foreign Exchange Foreign Reserves Management Central Bank Swap Arrangements ACROSS MARKETS Statements & Operating Policies Market Intelligence Survey of Primary Dealers Survey of Market Participants Annual Reports Counterparties Primary Dealers Standing Repo Facility Counterparties Reverse Repo Counterparties Foreign Exchange Counterparties Foreign Reserves Management Counterparties Operational Readiness Central Bank & International Account Services Programs Archive Economic Research Economic Research U.S. Economy Consumer Expectations & Behavior Survey of Consumer Expectations Household Debt & Credit Report Home Price Changes Growth & Inflation Equitable Growth Indicators Multivariate Core Trend Inflation New York Fed DSGE Model New York Fed Staff Nowcast R-star: Natural Rate of Interest Labor Market Labor Market for Recent College Graduates Financial Stability Corporate Bond Market Distress Index Outlook-at-Risk Treasury Term Premia Yield Curve as a Leading Indicator Banking Banking Research Data Sets Quarterly Trends for Consolidated U.S. Banking Organizations REGIONAL ECONOMY Empire State Manufacturing Survey Business Leaders Survey Supplemental Survey Report Regional Employment Trends Early Benchmarked Employment Data INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY Global Economic Indicators Global Supply Chain Pressure Index RESEARCHERS Staff Economists Visiting Scholars Resident Scholars PUBLICATIONS Liberty Street Economics Staff Reports Economic Policy Review RESEARCH CENTERS Applied Macroeconomics& Econometrics Center (AMEC) Center for Microeconomic Data (CMD) CALENDAR Economic Indicators Calendar Financial Institution Supervision Financial Institution Supervision Supervision & Regulation Circulars Regulations Reporting Forms & Instructions Reporting Forms Correspondence Bank Applications Consumer Protection Community Reinvestment Act Exams Frauds and Scams As part of our core mission, we supervise and regulate financial institutions in the Second District. Our primary objective is to maintain a safe and competitive U.S. and global banking system. The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Need to file a report with the New York Fed? Here are all of the forms, instructions and other information related to regulatory and statistical reporting in one spot. The New York Fed works to protect consumers as well as provides information and resources on how to avoid and report specific scams. Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Infrastructure Financial Services & Operations Services For Financial Institutions Payment Services Payment System Oversight International Services, Seminars & Training Financial Market Infrastructure & Reform Tri-Party Repo Infrastructure Reform Managing Foreign Exchange Money Market Funds Over-The-Counter Derivatives The Federal Reserve Bank of New York works to promote sound and well-functioning financial systems and markets through its provision of industry and payment services, advancement of infrastructure reform in key markets and training and educational support to international institutions. The New York Fed provides a wide range of payment services for financial institutions and the U.S. government. The New York Fed offers the Central Banking Seminar and several specialized courses for central bankers and financial supervisors. The New York Fed has been working with tri-party repo market participants to make changes to improve the resiliency of the market to financial stress. Community Development& Education Community Development & Education Community Development Household Financial Well-being Climate Health Staff Fed System Initiatives Fed Communities Fed Listens Fed Small Business Workforce Development Other Community Development Work Calendar Economic Education Programs High School Fed Challenge College Fed Challenge Teacher Professional Development Classroom Visits Museum & Learning Center Visits Resources Educational Comic Books Economist Spotlight Series Lesson Plans and Resources Economic Education Calendar We are connecting emerging solutions with funding in three areas—health, household financial stability, and climate—to improve life for underserved communities. Learn more by reading our strategy. The Economic Inequality & Equitable Growth hub is a collection of research, analysis and convenings to help better understand economic inequality. The Governance & Culture Reform hub is designed to foster discussion about corporate governance and the reform of culture and behavior in the financial services industry. Global Supply Chains and U.S. Import Price Inflation Williams: There and Back Again Can Electric Cars Power China’s Growth? Businesses See Inflationary Pressures Moderating How and Why Do Consumers Use “Buy Now, Pay Later”? Economic Research Multivariate Core Trend Inflation Increased to 3 Percent in January Outreach and Education A Case Study of Pension Fund Investments in Multifamily Affordable Housing The Teller Window Key Takeaways from President Williams’s Speech on the Economic Outlook and Monetary Policy Statements & Operating Policies Statement Regarding Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities Small Value Exercises Regional Economy Supplemental Survey Report: February 2024 Regional Economy Business Leaders Survey: Service Sector Activity Declined Modestly The Teller Window Examining the Recent Inflation Episode, the Fed’s Response, and Effects on Markets Regional Economy Empire State Manufacturing Survey: General Business Conditions Remain Negative Center for Microeconomic Data Inflation Expectations Mostly Stable; Views on Credit Access Improve Press Center Remache: Balance Sheet Basics, Progress, and Future State Governance & Culture Reform Podcast: Building Cultures of Curiosity and Learning About the New York Fed Scams Involving Coronavirus By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement. You can learn more about how we use cookies by reviewing our Privacy Statement. Request a Speaker International Seminars & Training Governance & Culture Reform Data Visualization Economic Research Tracker Markets Data APIs Podcast Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Site Map