1% for the Planet | Accelerating Environmental Giving skip to content Challenge Grant 2023 Help us meet our goal of $350,000 in matching donations and raise $700,000 by the end of the year! Weeks Days Hours Minutes Seconds Donate JoinDonateLogin About Our MissionOur StoryEventsTeam MembershipWays to supportPlanet Impact FundEnvironmental PartnersDonateBlogJoinLogin Support for people and the planet—certified. Join 1% for the Planet Collective action adds up. 1% for the Planet is a global network with thousands of businesses and environmental organizations working together to support people and the planet. $ 30 110 64 110 6700 5200 585 M+ TOTAL CERTIFIED GIVING 30 110 64 110 6700 5200 585 + COUNTRIES REPRESENTED 30 110 64 110 6700 5200 585 + BUSINESS MEMBERS 30 110 64 110 6700 5200 585 + ENVIRONMENTAL PARTNERS Certified impact, made simple. The 1% for the Planet model is accessible to businesses, credible for consumers and impactful for people and the planet. 1.Commit Commit to donating at least 1% of annual sales to environmental organizations 2.Give Donate directly to one or more approved environmental organizations 3.Certify Submit donation receipts and revenue documentation to certify as a 1% for the Planet member 4.Amplify Use the 1% for the Planet network and certification to inspire businesses and individuals to take action Global network, local impact The 1% for the Planet network can be found across the globe, spanning different business industries, products and services.Explore certified businesses Apparel The capitalist ideal is that you grow a company and focus on making it as profitable as possible. Then, when you cash out, you become a philanthropist. We believe a company has a responsibility to do that all along–for the sake of the employees, for the sake of the planet. “ YVON CHOUINARD, Founder, Patagonia & 1% for the Planet Beverage Our 1% for the Planet partnership helps us fulfill our purpose of doing good through great beer. We consistently hear from customers that it matters to them and influences their decision-making in what companies they choose to support. “ Colleen Croteau, COO of Maine Beer Company Travel We joined 1% for the Planet to help hold ourselves accountable to our commitment to the planet. In addition to accountability, 1% for the Planet also vets organizations to ensure we support those doing some of the very best work to protect our environment. “ Annie Nyborg, Director of Sustainability, Peak Design Biotech Reducing our environmental footprint has been a core company value since our founding in 1999. This partnership with 1% for the Planet reinforces our mission and aligns with our values in helping preserve the Earth's biodiversity, mitigate climate change, & protect our planet for future generations. “ Michael J. Comb, Ph.D., Founder and CEO, Cell Signaling Technology Outdoor Klean is proud to be a 1% member since 2008. We have supported more than 130 environmental organizations who work on issues important to our owners, staff and customers. We value 1%'s certification that confirms our commitment to our partners. Being a part of the 1% network and displaying the 1% logo on our website and packaging gives us the opportunity to raise awareness and create collective impact for our planet and people. “ Jeff Cresswell and Michelle Kalberer, Co-CEOS, Klean Kanteen DONE WITH BUSINESS AS USUAL? We'd love to chat. If you’re a business that’s about putting people and the planet over profit, you’re in good company. Talk to a member of our team to learn more about becoming a member of 1% for the Planet.Learn about our network’s success today: Join the movement Featured stories Show Excerpts below Announcing two new investments in the Planet Impact Fund portfolio Learn how the Planet Impact Fund is investing in sustainable forestry and renewable energy. Read this story Environmental Impact Hear from our Chief of Staff on how a flexible work environment treats employees as people first Employees want (and need) a healthy work environment. See how it's done at 1% for the Planet. Read this story Employee Engagement The best moments from Global Summit 2023: NYC The most meaningful moments from Global Summit 2023: NYC: check out highlights and moments of connection from our annual Global Summit. Read this story Network Benefits Employee Engagement Climate Justice Skip to footer policies Subscribe to our newsletter: Thanks! We think our newsletters are great. Hope you do too! Invalid email. Required format: email@email.com Joining helps people the planet future generations your business us all. ▸ Join join as a business How it works Donate Donate today planet impact fund Ways to support Donor Advised Funds Learn Our Mission Our STory Stories of impact Our team FOUNDERS & BOARD FAQs Connect Contact Us Jobs We're Hiring! Annual Reports Press & Media Kit Map Instagram LinkedIn Vimeo YouTube Privacy Policy | Accessibility Statement | Terms of Use Copyright 2023. 1% for the Planet® is a 501(c)(3). All rights reserved. 1% for the PlanetSM and the 1% for the PlanetSM logo are trademarks of 1% for the Planet and are registered in the U.S.EIN: 91-2151932