Teaching American History About Documents Resources Programs Blog Podcasts Bookstore Login/Register Search Search Menu Teaching America's Story Together Teaching American History is a free resource that brings together primary documents, continuing education, and community for American history teachers. Become a member Go to our bookstore Teaching American History is happy to welcome our latest volume to our core document collection on American government. Introducing Federalism Participate in Free, Online Professional Development Credit! Learn more about our Webinars Registration is open for our August Wednesday and Saturday webinars. 2023-2024 Webinar Schedule Is Here Apply Now to Join Us for a Spring 2024 Multi-Day Seminar Learn more Stipends available! Weekend Seminars at Historic Sites Learning through discussion, led by a scholar. Teaching American History programs are different from other teaching seminars you might attend. In our seminars, participants read primary sources from American history and spend their time in thoughtful discussion. They leave with a richer appreciation for broader themes in history and a better understanding of how to bring discussion-based learning to their own classrooms. Graduate Programs Multi-Day Seminars One Day Seminars Upcoming Teacher Seminars Westward Expansion One-day March 6, 2024 Phoenixville, PA Free FDR, WWII and The Holocaust One-day March 8, 2024 Jefferson City, MO Free The Erie Canal and the Spirit of Reform One-day March 9, 2024 Syracuse, NY Free American Middle East Policy: 1970’s - War on Terror One-day March 9, 2024 Bolivia, NC Free View all Upcoming One Day Seminars Teachers across the country are uncovering the story of our nation. Our Teacher Partners strengthen their American history, government, and civics classes through primary document discussion. Learn more about their experience. Our Teacher Partners A strong foundation in primary documents The Core Documents Volumes Edited with commentary by leading scholars, the Core Document collections curate key primary sources that track a single theme throughout the course of American history. Available to teachers as bound paperbacks or as PDF files, they are a foundational piece to any documents-based curriculum. Visit the Bookstore The latest from our community From the Blog Anna Lenardson Loves to Learn and Teach ByEllen Tucker Self-governing people “have to put in the work to understand all the options,” Lenardson tells her students. “That’s the active participation that democracy requires.” Read on From the Blog Political Parties: Resources for Government & History Teachers ByTAH Staff Read on From the Blog Abraham Lincoln’s Speech at Cooper Union | February 27, 1860 ByDavid Tucker From the Blog Where to Find Stuff on tah.org: Document Page ByRay Tyler From the Blog The Importance of Research in Social Studies Classrooms ByEllen Tucker From the Blog The Tet Offensive, January 1968 ByDavid Tucker Visit the Blog Listen to Podcast Join your fellow teachers in exploring America's history. Become a member for free TeachingAmericanHistory.org is a project of the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University Documents Document Collections Document Search Programs Seminar Calendar Graduate Programs Multi-Day Seminars One-Day Seminars Webinars Resources Bookstore Blog Exhibits Podcasts About Statement of Principles Faculty & Staff Meet Our Teacher Partners Privacy Policy 401 College Avenue, Ashland, Ohio 44805 PHONE (419) 289-5411 TOLL FREE (877) 289-5411 EMAIL [email protected] © 2006-2024 Ashbrook Center Designed by Beck & Stone