Dogster: Dog Care, Health Guides, & Shop by Veterinarians & Experts Skip to content Dogster Dog Health & Care Dog Food Dog Training Puppies Lifestyle Dog Breeds Shop Main Menu Dogster Search for: Search Dog Health & Care Dog Food Dog Training Puppies Lifestyle Dog Breeds Shop Dog Health & Care Dog Food Dog Training Puppies Lifestyle Dog Breeds Shop Cart Search for: Search MUST READ Easy Dog Treat Recipe: Mini Turkey Sliders Janel Hutton Don’t let your dog miss out on burger night! Cook up these easy mini sliders dog treats. Cardigan Welsh Corgi: History & Facts Lynn M. Hayner, JD The Cardigan Welsh Corgi is renowned for his adaptability, athleticism and hardiness. Bred for work in the hills of Cardiganshire, Wales, the Cardigan’s chest was developed deep for large heart and lung capacities. His legs were developed short, but don’t misjudge him: He’s tough, capable and (surprise!) speedy. Looking back Ancestors of the Cardigan migrated […] Dog Cloning: Would You Clone Your Dog? Sassafras Lowrey, MFA, CPDT-KA, CTDI The lifespans of dogs are much shorter than ours. Living through and processing the grief of their passing is one of the hardest aspects of loving dogs. For those dog guardians who feel like they just can’t let go, one option becoming increasingly accessible is cloning. Dog Cloning may sound like something out of a […] LATEST ARTICLES 20 Most Expensive Dog Breeds in 2024 (with Pictures) 20 Most Expensive Dog Breeds in 2024 (with Pictures) Lifestyle Dogster Team 2024-03-05 Any dog that is well taken care of is expensive. These expenses come in the form of food, toys, beds, vet bills, and so on. However, some dog breeds are incredibly pricey to acquire due to their rarity, purity, or abilities. So, which are they? Keep reading for the list of the top 20 most […] 10 Best Dog Foods for Yeast Infections in 2024 – Reviews & Top Picks 10 Best Dog Foods for Yeast Infections in 2024 – Reviews & Top Picks Dog Food & Dog Treats Dogster Team 2024-03-05 Dogs can suffer from yeast infections similar to humans. Dogs, regardless of their gender, breed, or age can develop a yeast infection at some point due to certain sensitivities, allergies, or a diet high in carbs or sugar. If your dog suffers from inflammation, irritation, or digestive issues, it may be more prone to yeast […] How Much Does The Farmer’s Dog Food Cost? (2024 Pricing) How Much Does The Farmer’s Dog Food Cost? (2024 Pricing) Dog Food & Dog Treats Dogster Team 2024-03-05 When you want to give your dog food that’s the best of the best, fresh is the way to go. But we all know that fresh costs more than traditional kibble. So, how much does a food like The Farmer’s Dog cost? Since each meal plan is personalized to each dog, it’s a bit of […] 10 Most Dangerous Dog Breeds of 2024 (With Pictures) 10 Most Dangerous Dog Breeds of 2024 (With Pictures) Info Dogster Team 2024-03-05 Even though dogs are considered man’s best friend, that tune can change quickly when these animals attack a human being. The truth is, any dog can attack you. From the 6-pound Chihuahua to the 180-pound Saint Bernard, no dog breed comes with a 100% guarantee that it will not attack. However, the vast majority of […] 12 Livestock Guardian Dog Breeds (With Pictures) 12 Livestock Guardian Dog Breeds (With Pictures) Lifestyle Dogster Team 2024-03-05 If you have any experience with owning livestock, you know there are predators out there who want your livestock for dinner. Depending on the area you live in, there could be coyotes, mountain lions, foxes, wolves, or even bears. A livestock guardian dog could help you keep all your chickens, ducks, goats, sheep, or other […] 21 Dog Breeds With the Strongest Bite Force (With PSI Measurements) 21 Dog Breeds With the Strongest Bite Force (With PSI Measurements) Lifestyle Dogster Team 2024-03-05 Dogs are amazing animals, and the various breeds can be incredibly diverse. One of a dog’s attributes that many people are interested in is their bite force, which is measured in pounds per square inch (PSI). Some breeds have amazing skills in this area. If you are interested in finding out the bite force of […] Should I Leave a Light On For My Dog At Night? Our Vet Explains Should I Leave a Light On For My Dog At Night? Our Vet Explains Dog Health & Care Dr. Kim Podlecki DVM (Veterinarian) 2024-03-05 When you crawl into bed at night or leave to go out, should you leave a light on for your dog? Does your dog care if they are in the dark or would they prefer a lamp or two being kept on? The short answer is that it’s not a bad idea, but may not […] Bailey’s CBD Paw and Nose Balm Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Bailey’s CBD Paw and Nose Balm Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Lifestyle Emily Muller 2024-03-04 If you’ve ever walked barefoot on hot pavement or done a polar plunge, you know the feeling of having extreme temperatures against your skin. Now imagine walking barefoot on hot pavement, rough terrain, and snow all the time (ouch!). While your dog’s paws and nose are designed to endure the elements, there are times when […] Crown & Paw Pet Portraits Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Crown & Paw Pet Portraits Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Lifestyle Arianna Irwin 2024-03-04 Crown & Paw Pet Portraits offer a variety of ways for you to frame your favorite image of your furry friends and memorialize them forever! I loved the idea of having framed paintings of my two dogs, Halle and Indy, hanging in my home. I chose to do Halle’s portrait first because she is a […] Unifury Mug Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Unifury Mug Review 2024: An Expert Breakdown Lifestyle Emily Muller 2024-03-04 Few things are better than receiving a personalized gift with your furry friend on it. And let’s be honest, if your dog had a say, they’d vote to have their face lovingly showcased on all of your household items. Lucky for them, Unifury is more than happy to turn everyday items into heartfelt pieces covered […] Products from the Dogster Online Shop Hepper Colloidal Oatmeal Pet Shampoo for Dogs & Cats $11.99 Buy now Bring Jade Home: The True Story of a Dog Lost in Yellowstone and the People Who Searched for Her $14.95 Buy now The Forever Dog: Surprising New Science to Help Your Canine Companion Live Younger, Healthier, and Longer $28.99 Buy now Get Dogster in your inbox! Stay informed! Get tips and exclusive deals. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US Shopping Cart THE ONLINE DOG STORE CONTACT US ABOUT US SHIPPING POLICY RETURNS & REFUNDS MY ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION TERMS & CONDITIONS Get Dogster in your inbox! Stay informed! Get tips and exclusive deals. Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Email *SUBSCRIBE Cat lover? Visit Catster Pangolia © Pangolia Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.