Make: DIY Projects and Ideas for Makers | Home - Make: DIY Projects and Ideas for Makers Skip to content Search POPULAR SEARCHES: Arduino CNC Raspberry Pi Woodworking 3D Printing IOT Robot Maker Faire Subscribe Explore Make: Magazine The premier publication of maker projects, skill-building tutorials, in-depth reviews, and inspirational stories, accessible by all ages and skill ranges. Maker Faire A celebration of the Maker Movement, a family-friendly showcase of invention and creativity that gathers together tech enthusiasts, crafters, educators across the globe. Maker Shed A smart collection of books, magazines, electronics kits, robots, microcontrollers, tools, supplies, and more curated by us, the people behind Make: and the Maker Faire. Make: Books Maker-written books designed to inform and delight! Topics such as microcontrollers including Arduino and Raspberry Pi, Drones and 3D Printing, and more. Make: Membership Membership connects and supports the people and projects that shape our future and supports the learning initiatives for the next generation of makers. Learn Maker Updates Read about the latest maker projects, skills, tool reviews and more. Books & Kits Get hands-on with kits, books, and more from the Maker Shed Young Maker Projects Find projects for young makers Watch and Learn Skill builder, project tutorials, and more Experience Magazine Subscribers' Digital Portal Membership Access Make: Community Maker Faire Find a faire. Makerspaces Find a Makerspace near you Participate Organize Start a local Maker Faire Write Share a book or article proposal Listen A podcast from Make: founder, Dale Dougherty Shop Kits, Books, & More Maker Shed, the official store of Make: Make: Magazine Subscribe to the premier DIY magazine today Make: Membership Community access, print, and digital Magazine, and more New 2023 Maker Faire Yearbook See the Faires Check Out the Projects Log In Log Out Subscribe All Stories Magazine Projects Board Guide Make:cast Magazine Issues Maker Faire Maker Faire Maker Faire Bay Area: The Magic Is Back by the Bay IoT Particle’s New M-Series Connects Everything, Everywhere, All At Once Electronics Squishy Circuits: The Soft Matrix Make:cast Making as a Creative Practice Maker Spotlight Meet The Maker: Chloe and Aimee Palmer of ChloeSaurusCrafts Latest Development Board ReviewsUnexpected Maker ProS3 u.FL (ESP32-S3)Adafruit RP2040 Prop-Maker Feather with I2S Audio AmplifierAdafruit Feather RP2040 With RFM95 LoRa Radio – 915MHzArduino UNO R4 WiFiAdafruit Feather RP2040 with DVIFeatherS2 Neo Latest Stories from Make: Magazine Hackster’s Build2Gether Contest Is Back, Helping With Inclusivity Hackster is back at it again, their Build2Gether contest has returned for a 2nd year... Maker Faire Bay Area: The Magic Is Back by the Bay Maker Faire Bay Area brings makers together again with a renewed focus and new location. Open For Curiosity: Maker Faire Kyiv Returns This Weekend! On hiatus since 2018, Maker Faire Kyiv returns to celebrate the creativity, ingenuity, and resilience of Ukrainians at Technical University. Toy Inventor’s Notebook: Fun With Pop-Up Stamps Re-create this trick postage stamp to make pop-up toys and cards. Can I Use AI To Make Models For 3D Printing? Kind of. Text-to-3D-model generators are here, but not optimized for printing See More Watch our Latest Video Maker Faire 2023 YearbookDon Bugito Prehispanic Snackeria LLCWe sell tasty edible insect snacks! We have a line of seven packaged products, savory and sweet.Bay AreaAdvertisement Support Make:Join Make: Community TodaySupport Make:Join Make: Community Today Get in to the Garden news 19 Projects To Do Outdoors While You Need The Distraction gardening Cultivate Plants in Tight Spaces With Square Foot Gardening garden Edible Innovations: Compact Planter Boxes Bring Greenery to Urban Life reindeer A Sculptor’s Origami Inspired Woodland Creatures (Plus One You Can Make Yourself) food 4 Weird Food Machines That Make Meals Easier automation 10 Chore-Busting Projects to Build Before Labor Day Weekend chair Revive Ratty Lawn Chairs with Comfy Macrame garden Garden Magic: Make a Gnome Door See More Stuff We Like at the ShedMakedo Invent KitMakedo Explore KitMake: Magazine, Volume 88 - PrintMaker Heart LED LocketOur Latest VideosVolume 88 launch party!Fab in a box at 3D experienceVirtualized hardware with Modular ThingsGigabot, the giant 3D Printers - live at Solidworks 3DExperienceMaking as a Creative Practice - Matt Zigler Projects From the Pages of Make: Magazine Paper Crafts Toy Inventor’s Notebook: Fun With Pop-Up Stamps Electronics Amateur Scientist: Listening to Light Electronics Squishy Circuits: The Soft Matrix Art & Sculpture DIY Graffiti Projector Technology Anyone Can Use AI Fun & Games Ginormous Froebel Blocks Electronics Build a DIY Digital Clock With Glowing, Flowing Light Pipes Art & Sculpture This Zodiac Embroidery Lights Up See More Find A Faire Near You! Maker Faire Western NY Regional March 9, 2024 959 Beach Street Angola New York United States Maker Faire Ruhr March 16-17, 2024 Dortmund Germany Maker Faire Lynchburg March 24, 2024 Lynchburg Virginia United States Maker Faire Karlovy Vary March 25, 2024 Karlovy Vary Czech Republic Maker Faire Los Angeles April 6-7, 2024 1245 N. Spring Street Los Angeles California United States Maker Faire Meridian April 6, 2024 Meridian Mississippi United States When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Subscribe & Save Dozens of projects in every issue covering electronics, craft, fabrication, and more Learn tips and skill-building tutorials from experts in the maker community Save over 40% off the annual cover price for a full year (4 issues) of Make: SUBSCRIBE TO MAKE: MAGAZINE Publishers of Magazine Producers of About us Our team Advertise with us Help Center Contact us Support Make: Find a Maker Faire Manage Magazine Subscription Make: Maker Faire: ©2023 Make Community LLC. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use Special Pinterest-only offer!One year of Make: Magazine for just $19.99 Cookie Settings We use cookies to continuously improve our websites for you and optimize its design and customization. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Configure Accept Our websites use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Some of these are essential for the basic functionalities of our websites. In addition, we use third-party cookies to help us analyze and understand usage. These will be stored in your browser only with your consent and you have the option to opt-out. Your choice here will be recorded for all Make.co Websites. Allow Non-Necessary Cookies Allow Non-Necessary Cookies Accept Escape to an island of imagination + innovation as Maker Faire Bay Area returns for its 15th iteration! Buy Tickets today! SAVE 15% and lock-in your preferred date(s). Save 15% now! FEEDBACK