Welcome Timothy McCall, MD Yoga as Medicine Welcome Bio Books Saving My Neck > Chapter 1 of Saving My Neck Praise for Saving My Neck Yoga As Medicine > Introduction Table of Contents Chapter Notes Reviews Examining Your Doctor Articles Yoga and Yoga Therapy > For Everybody For Beginners For Health Care Professionals For Teachers Other Writings Favorite Articles Newsletters Subscribe Past Newsletters Schedule Seminars and Teacher Trainings Overview Yoga As Medicine Level 1 Yoga As Medicine Level 2 > Ayurveda, Yoga and Yoga Therapy Yoga Therapy for the Nervous System Reimagining Yoga Anatomy Seeing and Understanding Bodies Student Reviews 117 Health Conditions Helped by Yoga ​ ​​Free Book!Subscribe to Dr. Timothy McCall’s Yoga As Medicine email newsletter to get this free eBook:​50 Ways to Heal a Yogi Special Bonus for Email Subscribers: In addition to the eBook 50 Ways to Heal a Yogi, join Dr. McCall's email list and you'll receive the chapter "Is Your Doctor Prescribing The Right Drugs" from Dr. McCall's critically-acclaimed first book Examining Your Doctor What is Yoga Therapy?Yoga Therapy — or as we call it Yoga As Medicine — is the selective use of various yoga tools — such as poses, breathing techniques, relaxation exercises and meditation, as well as dietary and lifestyle advice — to help people with virtually any health condition, physical or psychological. Because people's health and fitness vary, we often modify poses or use props to make the practices safe and effective. In Yoga As Medicine, we perform detailed holistic assessments of each client—evaluating body, mind, spirit and environment—and then craft a personalized yoga program. And that's precisely what we teach in our seminars and teacher trainings. Yoga therapy can be used by itself or as an adjunct to any conventional or alternative medical treatment.​ FREE RESOURCE: my 2019 update of “­­­Health Conditions Helped by Yoga (as Shown in Scientific Studies).” The PDF contains over 40 pages of references, listing the scientific studies by condition. Embedded hyperlinks will take you to the study's abstract, or if available, to a free, full-text version of the study. For printable posters (including A4 versions), click here.I compile this bibliography of research as a service to the yoga world and hereby give permission to copy this PDF, print it out, distribute it to others and share it on social media. FREE PRINTABLE POSTERS! New Yoga of Tennis YouTube Channel! ​ Dr. Timothy McCall's has posted a number of videos to the YouTube channel Yoga of Tennis. Here's more about the philosophy and vision of this undertaking. Although the channel is aimed primarily at tennis players, we will be releasing many videos detailing yoga practices and yogic principles that yogis as well as practitioners of other sports may find useful in improving their "game." My YouTube Channel, Ask the Yoga Doctor, launched in 2020. ​Here are a sampling of the videos,with many more available on YouTube... Video Interview on Yoga Therapy In conjunction with an online course on Yoga As Medicine on Yoga U, I recorded this video. It's over 40 minutes long, and is a good introduction to my overall approach to yoga therapy, my ideas about what yoga teachers and therapists should — and shouldn't — be doing with students with medical conditions, integrating yoga into modern medical care, etc. I had a lot of fun recording this interview and hope you enjoy it! ​Dr. Timothy McCall's​Email Newsletter The latest on yoga therapy, scientific research, new articles, photos, podcasts, etc.N.B. You must respond to confirmation email or you will not receive newsletters Email: YogaAsMedicine@gmail.com​© COPYRIGHT 2022, Timothy McCall, MD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.