Home | Teach For America Skip to main content Google Tag Manager Secondary Navigation For Alumni Where We Work Donate Search Search Icon Main navigation About TFA Teach In The Corps Tutor With Ignite Secondary Navigation Mobile For Alumni Where We Work Donate Submit Search Search User account menu Log in Search Submit Search Search Close Close Find your purpose. Fuel their potential. Every young person deserves a relevant, engaging education and the power to choose their own future. Together we can make it happen. Join Us Our Programs We help make sure young people know their power and we clear the way for them to use it. Our programs are designed to build transformational relationships between students and leaders like you – with or without an initial background in education. Teacher Corps Apply by March 15 Full-time employment by a school or district Premier leadership development and teaching certification Minimum two-year commitment Full salary and benefits Nearly 40 regions – you choose your location Learn More Ignite Fellowship Apply by April 24 Part-time paid fellowship as a tutor for elementary reading or middle school math 3-5 hours/week for a 10-12 week term $1,200 award for each term Support from a veteran educator Virtual, remote work Learn More Alumni Programs Alumnihood begins after two years in our teacher corps Private directory of our 61K+ person network Exclusive opportunities, events, fellowships, etc. Career Connect for job searches The Collective – a national association for BIPOC alumni Learn More Who We Are Our goal is the biggest and brightest possibility for every kid. Our superpower is launching bold, diverse, and determined people like you into mission-driven, future-shaping careers that start in the classroom. 350 PARTNER COMMUNITIES 250,000 STUDENTS IMPACTED THIS YEAR 5,000+ CORPS MEMBERS AND FELLOWS 57% BIPOC 65,300 ALUMNI 38% BIPOC 58% still in education 100% authentic, lasting relationships & uncompromising belief in kids BIPOC= Black, Indigenous and People of Color What’s it Like to Teach For America? [I exit] the doors with a sense of peace and fulfillment from the work I did that day…Teaching is hard, but what other profession allows you to work with young people every single day and support them on their life journey? Nick, Memphis Corps The best decision that I've ever made in my life was doing TFA in Baltimore and becoming a teacher, hands down. I met my kids and it sounds really cliche, but as soon as I started teaching, I just fell in love with them and recognized that they're the leaders the world so desperately needs. Berol, Baltimore Corps Something that I continue to love about Teach For America is the fact that there is this audacity that we can make a difference and we’re not just going to talk about it, but we’re going to put some teeth behind it. Marcus, Metro Atlanta Corps Working with the students gives me joy and hope in a way that nothing I've ever done does. I’ve been through a lot this year in my personal life. And on my worst days, even if getting out of bed is the hardest thing in the world, that connection with my students feels so whole. Cassie, Colorado Corps I was a student in Chicago Public Schools and today, I’m creating opportunities that I didn’t have as a student. When we keep our students first and we keep their goals in front of us, I think we can do nothing but be successful. Fareeda, Chicago-Northwest Indiana Corps I remind my students that if we nurture our value of education and continue our thirst for knowledge, no matter what obstacles we face, we can and shall overcome. I want them to hold on to infinite hope. Ayo, Memphis Corps For many of us, what started as a two-year commitment has turned into a lifelong mission. Whether in the classroom, or in union and system leadership, or work in education technology, you see a passion among our alumni to do whatever it takes to eliminate the inequities our children face every day. Paymon, Bay Area Corps I appreciated Teach For America for preparing us to be flexible … they gave us the basics to feel grounded but also that creativity to branch out and do what was best for our students and community. Maria, Jacksonville and Central Florida Corps I joined Teach For America because I want students to know that growing up in socioeconomically disadvantaged communities is not something to be ashamed of or a liability. Growing up in such communities—as in my case—can be the driving force for their personal, academic, and professional success. Yanely, Metro Atlanta Corps It is important for me as a man of color to be a force in the education movement because many of the decisions made that impact students in under-resourced communities are not made by people who reflect the backgrounds and experiences of those in the communities the policies most directly affect. Kwame, Massachusetts Corps Take the First Step Fuel far-reaching social change while developing lifelong leadership skills. Begin an application Attend an event Sign Up For Emails Connect on Social Back To Top Stay Connected TFA is committed to expanding opportunity for all children. Sign up for our emails to learn how you can get involved. Email I’m interested in applying to teach Content is loading... Footer Network and Values Research and Impact TFA Staff Openings FAQs Press Stories Contact Us Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy Policy Resubscribe to Email Teach For America is a proud member of the AmeriCorps national service network. Copyright 2020 Teach For America, Inc. All rights reserved. Teach For America logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Teach For America, Inc. Thanks for signing up! You'll find great content in your inbox soon. Redefine the future for students at Teach For America. Take the next step and join the corps today. Join The Corps Close Thanks for signing up! You'll find great content in your inbox soon. At Teach For America, we know lasting change can happen: All children will get the excellent education they deserve. See how change happens. Watch Video Close Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email and make sure to confirm your subscription! Close