Ulož.to Disk - The Personal Backup Service Ulož.to Disk uses cookies to ensure the functionality of the website. By clicking on the "Accept" button you agree to their use. Accept Reject Log in Get Disk Log in Registration Get Disk Plans and pricing FAQ Apps Google Android app Apple iOS app Ulož.to Disk for Windows Ulož.to Disk Filemanager API Information FAQ Terms of Service User Content and Conduct Policy Consumer protection Privacy Policy Contact Contact form For business About us DMCA Languages English (USD) English (EUR) Česky (CZK) Slovensky (EUR) Dark / Light mode Maximum space and security for your data Back up your files to Ulož.to Disk and get unlimited access to your data anytime, anywhere. Files are safely stored and protected against loss or damage. Get Disk for free Share easily and securely Data is secured with end-to-end encryption so we don't even know what's in it. Send files Plenty of space With plans up to 200 TB you will always have enough space for all your data. Uloz.to Disk also offers a FREE plan, which is no charge and can store up to 50 GB of files. Get Disk Data security Your files are stored on our secure servers and are protected from loss or damage. The service uses state-of-the-art technology to protect your files from unauthorized access. Get Disk Modern applications Always have your files at your fingertips. With our apps, you can upload or download files from any device with an internet connection, and thanks to the automatic backup of Uloz.to Disk for Windows, your local files are automatically copied to the cloud. Insatall apps Choose your plan To get started, you can try the FREE plan, which offers 50GB of complimentary space, and then upgrade to higher plans to suit your needs. All plans are offered in monthly and annual subscription options. Buying an annual subscription is always more convenient. Free 50 GB Free Premium 10 TB 6.50 USD / month Max 50 TB 16 USD / month Ultra 100 TB 32 USD / month Ultimate 200 TB 64 USD / month Monthly Yearly Continue Apps Google Android app Apple iOS app Ulož.to Disk for Windows Ulož.to Disk Filemanager API Information FAQ Terms of Service User Content and Conduct Policy Consumer protection Privacy Policy Contact Contact form For business About us DMCA Languages English (USD) English (EUR) Česky (CZK) Slovensky (EUR)