Council on Foreign Relations Skip to main content Cancel Council on Foreign Relations Foreign Affairs CFR Education Newsletters Related Sites Council of Councils Think Global Health Online Store Search Search Ukraine Israel-Hamas Topics Featured Climate Change Global Climate Agreements: Successes and Failures International efforts, such as the Paris Agreement, aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. But experts say countries aren’t doing enough to limit dangerous global warming. Backgrounder by Lindsay Maizland December 5, 2023 Renewing America Defense & Security Diplomacy & International Institutions Economics Energy & Environment Health Human Rights Politics & Government Social Issues Regions Featured Myanmar Myanmar’s Troubled History Introduction Throughout its decades of independence, Myanmar has struggled with military rule, civil war, poor governance, and widespread poverty. A military coup in February 2021 dashed hopes for… Backgrounder by Lindsay Maizland January 31, 2022 Americas Asia Europe & Eurasia Global Commons Middle East & North Africa Oceania Sub-Saharan Africa Explainers Featured Health How Tobacco Laws Could Help Close the Racial Gap on Cancer During the 2020 presidential campaign, Joe Biden promised that his administration would make a “historic effort” to reduce long-running racial inequities in health. Tobacco use—the leading cause of p… Interactive by Olivia Angelino, Thomas J. Bollyky, Elle Ruggiero and Isabella Turilli February 1, 2023 Global Health Program Backgrounders In Briefs Podcasts Videos Timelines Special Projects InfoGuides Research & Analysis Featured Russia Leadership Change in Russia Vladimir Putin’s grip on power in Russia does not appear as ironclad as it once did. Liana Fix and Maria Snegovaya recommend that the United States prepare for potential leadership change in Moscow and develop response strategies with its allies to mitigate fallout. Contingency Planning Memorandum by Liana Fix and Maria Snegovaya February 15, 2024 Center for Preventive Action Experts Centers & Programs Books & Reports Blogs Independent Task Force Program Fellowships Communities Featured United States Academic Webinar: The Geopolitics of Oil Play Webinar with Carolyn Kissane and Irina A. Faskianos April 12, 2023 Academic and Higher Education Webinars Members Media Congress Academics State & Local Officials Religion Leaders Local Journalists Events Featured China The Future of China and China-U.S. Relations: A Conversation With Liu Jianchao Play Forty-five years after the United States and China formalized relations, Minister Liu Jianchao discusses the two countries’ current relationship and the implications of the recent meeting between the… Virtual Event with Liu Jianchao and Michael Froman January 9, 2024 Lectureship Series Webinars & Conference Calls Symposia Related Sites Council of Councils Think Global Health Online Store More Research & Analysis Experts Centers & Programs Books & Reports Blogs Independent Task Force Program Fellowships Communities Members Media Congress Academics State & Local Officials Religion Leaders Local Journalists Events Lectureship Series Webinars & Conference Calls Symposia Newsletters CFR Education Foreign Affairs Member Login Haiti Ralph Tedy Erol/Reuters Haiti Haiti’s State of Paralysis A recent security deal between Haiti and Kenya will see Nairobi deploy one thousand police officers to the island to help curb surging gang violence. Here’s how civil unrest has stymied Haiti’s development. Backgrounder by Diana Roy and Rocio Cara Labrador March 4, 2024 Haiti, Kenya Sign Agreement Allowing Police Deployment Link via Reuters March 1, 2024 Haiti Global Conflict Tracker: Instability in Haiti Link via Center for Preventive Action March 4, 2024 United States United States Foreign Policy and the State of the Union Jacquelyn Martin/Pool/Reuters President Joe Biden will likely stress his domestic achievements over his foreign policy challenges when he addresses a divided nation on Thursday. Blog Post by James M. Lindsay March 1, 2024 The Water's Edge United States Biden to Juggle Competing Political Demands in State of the Union Address Link via NBC News March 4, 2024 United States How U.S. Allies and Adversaries Are Responding to the Chance of Trump’s Return Link via Foreign Affairs January 16, 2024 Yemen Yemen Iran’s Support of the Houthis: What to Know Iranian support has boosted the military prowess of Yemen’s Houthis, helping them project force into the Red Sea. In return, the group has extended the reach of Iran’s anti-West axis of resistance. In Brief by Kali Robinson March 1, 2024 Iran Iran’s Regional Armed Network Iran’s web of armed partners such as Hezbollah and the Houthis serves to strengthen its influence in the Middle East and could pose a significant threat to the United States and U.S. allies in the region, especially Israel. Article by Kali Robinson and Will Merrow January 31, 2024 Yemen Virtual Media Briefing: Houthi Attacks in the Red Sea Play Panelists discuss Houthi attacks in the Red Sea, American and British responses, and prospects for regional escalation. ELDER: Thank you. Hi, everybody. Thanks for joining us for this media brief… Virtual Event with Steven A. Cook, James G. Foggo III, Ray Takeyh and Miriam Elder January 18, 2024 Middle East Program International Criminal Court International Law Challenges for the ICC Case on Gaza The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC),[1] Karim A. A. Khan,[2] faces several challenging policy issues in the months ahead regarding the Israel-Hamas situation.[3] In this co… Article by David J. Scheffer February 27, 2024 International Institutions and Global Governance Program Israeli-Palestinian Conflict What International Law Says About the Israel-Hamas War Hamas’s attack on Israel and the ensuing war in the Gaza Strip raise a host of questions about the combatants’ legal obligations. Article by David J. Scheffer October 19, 2023 International Institutions and Global Governance Program Israeli-Palestinian Conflict The Israel-Hamas War: The Humanitarian Crisis in Gaza International calls for a cease-fire are mounting as the humanitarian situation in Gaza deteriorates rapidly amid the ongoing war between Israel and Hamas. In Brief by Christina Bouri and Diana Roy February 8, 2024 Nigeria Nigeria The Case Against Military Rule Nigeria needs a change of direction, not a change of government. Blog Post by Ebenezer Obadare February 26, 2024 Africa in Transition Nigeria Nagging Constraints to Democratic Stability and Economic Prosperity in Nigeria Nagging Constraints to Democratic Stability and Economic Prosperity in Nigeria Prepared statement by Ebenezer Obadare Douglas Dillon Senior Fellow for Africa Studies Council on Foreign Re… Testimony by Ebenezer Obadare February 14, 2024 Africa Program U.S. Foreign Policy Program What to Do About Coups Nothing may seem more obvious to supporters of democracy than the need to oppose, punish, and deter coups. But defining a coup, let alone reacting sensibly to one, is difficult for many democratic go… Article by Elliott Abrams January 11, 2024 Diamonstein-Spielvogel Project on the Future of Democracy Ukraine The War in Ukraine How Ukraine Overcame Russia’s Grain Blockade Photo Essay by Noah Berman, Mariel Ferragamo and Sabine Baumgartner February 27, 2024 Ukraine Year Three of the War in Ukraine Podcast Miriam Elder, the Edward R. Murrow press fellow at CFR, and Carla Anne Robbins, a senior fellow at CFR and co-host of CFR’s The World Next Week podcast, sit down with James M. Lindsay to discuss where the war between Russia and Ukraine is headed as it enters its third year. Podcast with James M. Lindsay, Miriam Elder and Carla Anne Robbins February 20, 2024 The President’s Inbox Ukraine’s Victory at Sea Link via Foreign Affairs February 8, 2024 Events View All Climate Change A Conversation With John Kerry Play John Kerry discusses his work as U.S. special presidential envoy for climate, the challenges the United States faces, and the Biden administration’s priorities as it continues to address climate change. Virtual Event with John F. Kerry and Michael Froman March 1, 2024 Israeli-Palestinian Conflict American Military Leadership in the Middle East Play Former CENTCOM Commanders David Petraeus and Anthony Zinni discuss the military aspect of the Israel-Hamas war and lessons learned from U.S. involvement and operations in the Middle East. Virtual Event with David H. Petraeus, Anthony C. Zinni and Karen J. DeYoung February 28, 2024 Renewable Energy Academic Webinar: Energy Security Play Meghan L. O’Sullivan, director of the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs and the Jeane Kirkpatrick professor of the practice of international affairs at Harvard University, leads the… Webinar with Meghan L. O'Sullivan and Irina A. Faskianos February 28, 2024 Academic and Higher Education Webinars Trade World Economic Update Play The World Economic Update highlights the quarter’s most important and emerging trends. Discussions cover changes in the global marketplace with special emphasis on current economic events and their implications for U.S. policy. This series is presented by the Maurice R. Greenberg Center for Geoeconomic Studies and is dedicated to the life and work of the distinguished economist Martin Feldstein. Event with Jan Hatzius, Karen Karniol-Tambour, Jens Nordvig and Sebastian Mallaby February 28, 2024 Greenberg Center for Geoeconomic Studies View All Experts in the News Michael B.G. Froman Link Froman: There Is Concern That China Is Building Up Significant Overcapacity in the Auto Sector Via CNBC Squawk Box February 29, 2024 Charles A. Kupchan Link Kupchan: Hungary's Orban Wants to Be the Ringleader of a Right-Wing Movement in Europe Via CBS News February 26, 2024 David Sacks Link Sacks: From the U.S. Perspective, the Status of Taiwan Is Unresolved Via Yahoo! News February 23, 2024 View All Explainers Palestinian Territories Palestinian Territories Who Governs the Palestinians? Backgrounder by Kali Robinson For years, power in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank has been divided among the Palestinian Authority, militant group Hamas, and Israel. Now, Israel’s vow to destroy Hamas is fueling debate over who should administer Gaza instead. Taiwan Why China Would Struggle to Invade Taiwan Interactive by David Sacks Immigration and Migration Crossing the Darién Gap: Migrants Risk Death on the Journey to the U.S. Immersive_article_layout by Diana Roy and Sabine Baumgartner Technology and Innovation The Crypto Question: Bitcoin, Digital Dollars, and the Future of Money Backgrounder Redesign by Anshu Siripurapu and Noah Berman View All Expert Spotlight Farah Pandith Adjunct Senior Fellow Radicalization and Extremism Terrorism and Counterterrorism U.S. Foreign Policy What's Next for U.S. Policy in the Middle East? Offsite Via National Committee on American Foreign Policy January 23, 2024 Link Gideon Rose Adjunct Senior Fellow Wars and Conflict Middle East and North Africa Southeast Asia What Oppenheimer Left Out Offsite Via The National Interest August 18, 2023 Link Joshua Kurlantzick Senior Fellow for Southeast Asia Southeast Asia China Asia Philippines: Is Marcos Jr. the EU's New Best Friend? Offsite Via Taiwan News February 23, 2024 Link View All Featured Publications Political History and Theory The World That Wasn’t A dramatic and powerful new perspective on the political career of Henry Wallace—a perspective that will forever change how we view the making of U.S. and Soviet foreign policy at the dawn of the Cold War. Book by Benn Steil January 9, 2024 Greenberg Center for Geoeconomic Studies Radicalization and Extremism God, Guns, and Sedition A riveting exploration of the current state of far-right terrorism in the United States—and recommendations to stop its rise. Book by Bruce Hoffman and Jacob Ware January 2, 2024 National Security and Defense Program South Korea The United States–South Korea Alliance The alliance between the United States and South Korea has endured through seven decades of shifting regional and geopolitical security contexts. Yet it now faces challenges from within. Domestic pol… Book by Scott A. Snyder December 5, 2023 Asia Program View All Council on Foreign Relations About Member Programs Contact Support For Media Newsletters Membership Careers ©2024 Council on Foreign Relations. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.