Welcome to Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering | Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering Skip to main content MyCSE Internal Calendar Directory Helpful Links Computing CSE Course List Time/Teaching Schedules Academic Calendars UW Homepage About Us Contact Us Quick Links News & Events People Academics Research & Innovation Outreach Support #UWAllen Apply! Menu Home News & Events People Academics Research & Innovation Outreach Support #UWAllen Apply! Allen School alum Sonya Fereidooni earns Gates Cambridge Scholarship Fereidooni (B.S., '22, M.S., '24) will join Cambridge's Digital Humanities program to pursue doctoral research in effective AI governance to mitigate adverse impacts in the global south. More More than skin deep: Auditing AI image classifiers for detecting melanoma Allen School and Stanford researchers leveraged generative AI and human expertise to uncover how dermatology models arrive at their predictions — and where they miss the mark. More Thermal Earring brings new flair to wearable health sensing New smart-earring prototype from UW researchers enables continuous monitoring of earlobe temperature for 28 days on a single battery charge and can be personalized by the wearer. More Allen School theory researchers break 30-year impasse over fast integer programming Professor Thomas Rothvoss and Ph.D. student Victor Reis devised an award-winning algorithm for solving integer programming problems within a fixed set of variables — with implications in domains ranging from agriculture to transportation. More Taskar Center’s Anat Caspi: “Making an impact on local communities is where it starts” Caspi, director of the Taskar Center for Accessible Technology, received the Seattle Human Rights Educator Award for her leadership in advancing education and tools to build more inclusive communities. More Answers to common questions about large language models Allen School researchers go beyond the hype and explain (almost) everything you wanted to know about the technology behind tools like ChatGPT but were afraid to ask. More Professor Leilani Battle earns VGTC Visualization Significant New Researcher Award Battle, co-director of the Interactive Data Lab, was recognized by the IEEE Visualization and Graphics Technical Community for her work on interactive systems for exploratory data analysis. More Professor Shwetak Patel honored by GeekWire as an “Uncommon Thinker” Patel, who leads the Allen School’s UbiComp Lab and is director of health technologies at Google, is among six local inventors, scientists, technologists and entrepreneurs recognized for transforming industries and driving positive change. More How the Social Futures Lab is making social media better by design The lab, led by Allen School professor Amy X. Zhang, explores how provenance information and personal moderation tools could empower users and restore trust in our “information distribution infrastructure.” More Professor Yejin Choi “unconfuses” Bill Gates on the science of AI Choi, a member of the Allen School’s Natural Language Processing group and senior research director at the Allen Institute for AI, joined Gates for an episode of his “Unconfuse Me” podcast to demystify artificial intelligence. More WhaleVis: Using data from the past to protect whales for the future A team led by professor Leilani Battle, co-director of the Allen School’s Interactive Data Lab, developed an interactive dashboard enabling scientists to visualize a century’s worth of International Whaling Commission data. More New "semantic hearing" enables selective noise-canceling with AI A team led by Allen School professor Shyam Gollakota developed a deep-learning system that allows wearers of noise-canceling headphones to choose which environmental sounds they want to hear. More UndergraduatePrograms Ph.D.Program ProfessionalMaster's Program K-12Programs IndustryAffiliates FacultyCandidates News More news > Events More events > Diversity The Allen School celebrates and values diversity, equity, inclusion, and access as fundamental to our mission. We strive to create an environment in which people of all backgrounds feel welcomed and supported to achieve their full potential. DEIA home > Alumni Hats off to our recent Alumni Impact Award recipients for building on their Allen School education to make the world a better place: 2020 honorees Emma Brunskill (B.S., ‘00) & Kirk Glerum (B.S., ‘83), and 2022 honorees Brad Calder (B.S., ‘91) & Heather Underwood (B.S., ‘09). Alumni home > Welcome to the Allen School The Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering educates tomorrow’s innovators, conducts cutting-edge research in core and emerging areas of the field, and leads a broad range of multi-disciplinary initiatives that demonstrate the transformative power of computing. Consistently ranked among the top computer science programs in the nation, the Allen School is widely recognized for the excellence and impact of our research and teaching across the region and around the globe. As a leader in efforts to broaden participation in computing, we are committed to advancing diversity, equity and inclusion in our program and in our field. Members of the Allen School actively work to cultivate a welcoming community in which students, faculty and staff with diverse backgrounds, identities and experiences can thrive. We are located in the spectacular Paul G. Allen Center for Computer Science & Engineering and Bill & Melinda Gates Center for Computer Science & Engineering at the heart of the University of Washington campus in Seattle — a center of innovation in software, life sciences, global health, aerospace, and many other fields — where Allen School faculty, students and alumni are making an impact and changing the world. Learn more > Fast Facts #1 REQUESTED MAJORAMONG UW FRESHMANAPPLICANTS 2,500 UNDERGRADUATE &GRADUATE MAJORSENROLLED $32 MILLION IN RESEARCHGRANTS & CONTRACTSIN FY2023 TOP ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONFOR BEST PAPER AWARDSIN COMPUTER SCIENCE Connect With #UWAllen Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering University of Washington Main Administrative Offices: Paul G. Allen Center, Box 352350 185 E Stevens Way NE Seattle, WA 98195-2350 Directions Student Services: Bill & Melinda Gates Center, Box 352355 3800 E Stevens Way NE Seattle, WA 98195-2355 Contact us: Main Tel: (206) 543-1695 Media Inquiries: media at cs.washington.edu Webmaster: support at cs.washington.edu Undergraduate Advising: ugrad-adviser at cs.washington.edu Undergraduate Outreach & Recruitment: outreach at cs.washington.edu Professional Master's Program Advising: masters at cs.washington.edu Graduate (Ph.D.) Advising: grad-advising at cs.washington.edu Computer Engineering degree program accredited by ABET Copyright © 2017-2021 University of Washington - Seattle - Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering | All Rights | Privacy | Terms Drupal Login (not the general-purpose CSE login)