University of Wisconsin-Whitewater Skip to content Email Calendar/Events Directory Libraries Current Students Canvas WINS Navigate One-Stop Resources Faculty/Staff Canvas WINS Navigate My Wisconsin Portal More Resources Alumni Español Academics Programs Undergraduate Graduate Online Degrees Student Success Academic Advising Undergraduate Research Tutoring Center Center for Students with Disabilities General Education Program Study Abroad Learning Communities Colleges Arts and Communication Business and Economics Education and Professional Studies Letters and Sciences Integrated Studies (Rock County) School of Graduate Studies Tools and Resources Academic Affairs Bookstore Textbook Rental Information Technology Services (ITS) Registrar / Transcripts Course Catalog Schedule of Classes Testing Office Continuing Education Services Research and Sponsored Programs Admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Tuition and Cost Tour Campus Apply Now Apply Freshman Transfer UW-Whitewater at Rock County Online Veterans Adult and Non-Traditional Re-Entry Early College Credit International Graduate Already Admitted? Housing Financial Aid Placement Testing Warhawks SOAR Scholarships Tools and Resources Cost Calculator Student Billing First Year Experience Financial Services WINS ATHLETICS ATHLETICS Intercollegiate Athletics Recreation Sports and Fitness Athletic Camps Wheelchair Basketball Campus Life Participate/Join Intercollegiate Athletics Recreation Sports and Fitness Student Orgs/Involvement Student Employment Career Services Camps and Conferences Events Alumni Events and Travel Buy Tickets Commencement Events Calendar Homecoming Young Auditorium About UW-Whitewater About Us / Our History Accessibilty Inclusivity Land Acknowledgement Mission, Vision, and Values Parent / Family Resources Strategic Plan Sustainability University Marketing and Communications Tools and Resources Chancellor's Office Children's Center Community Engagement Center Dean of Students HawkCard, Purple Points and Dining Health and Counseling Services Visitor and Parking Services Police Student Affairs Administrative Affairs University Center Giving Giving Find Your Cause Give Now Philanthropy and Alumni Engagement admissions Welcome to UW-Whitewater At the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater you’ll find two campuses with plenty of room to learn, grow and thrive. Warhawks enjoy the bragging rights of paying less — our combined tuition, room/board and fees is the lowest of the four-year campuses in Wisconsin. That low cost combined with our stellar outcomes — Warhawks graduate career-ready, with 99% employed in their field or in graduate school post-graduation — earned us the affordability badge from the Colleges of Distinction. At UW-Whitewater, tremendous value comes with a full-on college experience: more than 11,000 students, a complete range of academic programs and caring faculty and staff dedicated to student success. We are a College of Distinction for our business, education and career development programs as well as our commitment to inclusivity. New majors include legal studies and cybersecurity, and computer science is now a top-10 major. And do you like to win? Our championship tradition extends from our NCAA Division III athletics and the celebrated Warhawk Marching Band to our award-winning American Marketing Association, Enactus, forensics and media arts and game development teams. Do you think you might belong here, too? Find out more by visiting our Admissions Department. ¡Se habla español! Visita nuestro sitio web. MAJORS THAT MATTER UW-Whitewater leads the way in preparing students with outstanding skills that make them strong candidates for 21st-century careers and community leadership. Explore our academic programs EXCEPTIONAL. AFFORDABLE. We know you want to spend your education dollars wisely. Fortunately, we’re one of the best values in the country — and the best value in the UW System. Explore tuition and fees Where do you want to learn? Two welcoming cities, or a friendly virtual environment — you can choose to earn your degree in Wisconsin or anywhere in the world! Rock County COME VISIT US Schedule a tour The best way to find out if UW-Whitewater is a fit for you is to visit campus. We’re excited to show you and your family around acres of green spaces and gardens, academic buildings, residence halls and sports complexes. Tour Whitewater campus Tour Rock County campus cod cod cod cod cod cod cod cod SOAR HERE Our students don’t just graduate — they take wing. We couldn’t be more proud of our graduating students and what they have achieved — from internships to study abroad experiences to that first job offer, accepted even before graduation. 99.5% of graduates employed or in grad school within a year 16,000 employers recruit students on Handshake, our campus job board Meet our Hired Before Graduation students CAN WE BRAG A LITTLE? College of Business and Economics celebrates 110th anniversary Read More » UW-Whitewater’s Campus Garden earns Regents Diversity Award Read More » Strings and service: Charlie Shilhavy earns national music award Read More » More News » 262-472-1234 800 W. Main St. Whitewater, WI 53190 © 2024 UW Board of Regents Resources About Us / Map / AddressesAccessibilityAnnouncementsCareersEmergency InformationHate/Bias ReportingHigher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF) ReportingPrivacy PolicyTranslationWeather See all our accreditations » Request Information Visit Apply COOKIE NOTICE We use cookies on this site. By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete cookies you agree to the UW-Whitewater Privacy Notice. GOT IT!