Jacobin Jacobin Logo Jacobin Icon A/V Icon Jacobin Subscribe Magazine Donate Catalyst Search Icon Login Icon Login J Subscribe Back Issues Donate Store Magazine Blog Catalyst About Contact Us Advertise Search Icon New issue out now. Subscribe to our print edition today. The Biden Administration Is Visibly Feeling the Heat on Gaza 03.05 Branko Marcetic Kamala Harris’s speech calling for a six-week cease-fire wasn’t a major shift in the White House’s position on Gaza. But it did suggest the administration knows its unflagging support of Israel is deeply unpopular. Yazan al-Kafarneh’s Death Is a Stain on Humanity 03.05 Seraj Assi The world just watched a ten-year-old Palestinian boy, Yazan al-Kafarneh, starve to death in Gaza. Others like him have already died of hunger, and many more will if Israel does not stop its brutal starvation of Gaza’s civilian population. How Medical Debt Destroys the Lives of Millions of Americans 03.05 Luke Messac In the US, patients recovering from life-threatening illnesses often find that their first concern is not their health but the massive medical debts they’ve incurred. Right-wing politicians, insurers, and hospitals have worked to maintain this status quo. Peru’s President Is the Most Hated in Latin America 03.05 Francesca Emanuele Peru’s unelected president, Dina Boluarte, remains in office despite abysmal approval ratings and calls for elections. Authoritarianism and repression are all the government has left. Cuts to UNRWA Are Devastating Gaza 03.05 Olaf Becker UNRWA, the United Nations Palestinian refugee relief agency, has faced severe funding cuts after Israel dubiously accused the organization of ties to Hamas. We spoke with a director of UNRWA in Jordan about the impact of the cuts. 03.03 Itamar Moses’s The Ally Is an Exercise in Liberal Ambivalence 03.03 Rossana Rossanda Upheld the Best Traditions of Italy’s Left 03.02 The End of the Future 03.02 Salvadorans Have Traded Their Rights for Uncertain Security 03.02 The US War on Yemen Is an Exercise in Futility 03.02 Gaza Doesn’t Need Patronizing “Empathy” 03.02 How Italy’s Left Tied Its Fate to a Scandal-Hit Influencer 03.01 Israel’s Flour Massacre in Gaza Is a Horrific War Crime Issue No. 52 Artificial Intelligence Subscribe Jacobin is a leading voice of the American left, offering socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture. $19.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Digital Subscription $29.95 1 Year / 4 Issues Print + Digital Subscription Start a New Subscription Renew Your Subscription Can Humanity Survive AI? 01.22 Garrison Lovely With the development of artificial intelligence racing forward at warp speed, some of the richest men in the world may be deciding the fate of humanity right now. The Plutocratic Plan to Remake Colorado Elections 03.05 Amos Barshad A “philanthropic venture fund” backed by elites is trying to remake Colorado’s electoral system to make it easier for the wealthy to buy up elections. The Scottish National Party Is Facing a Political Crisis 03.05 Jamie Maxwell The SNP has dominated Scottish politics for well over a decade, but Nicola Sturgeon left her successor, Humza Yousaf, with a dubious legacy. The party now risks being overtaken by Labour, even though support for Scottish independence remains solid. Donald Trump’s Toxic Politics Continue to Set the Agenda 03.04 Ben Beckett Joe Biden hopes to eke out a reelection win by raising alarms about the threat Donald Trump poses to democracy. Yet on immigration, Biden has pointlessly moved closer than ever to Trump’s cruel border policy. Germany Should Be Supporting a Cease-Fire, Not Israel’s War 03.04 Nicole Gohlke Germany’s political establishment strongly supports Israel’s war in Gaza, sending messages of “solidarity” as well as weapons. Nicole Gohlke, an MP for left-wing party Die Linke, writes for Jacobin on why Germany should instead be calling for a cease-fire. 03.01 Labor and Climate Must Unite. That’s Easier Said Than Done. 03.01 The US Hindu Right Is Still Whitewashing the Gujarat Pogrom 03.01 Strikes Are Meant to Be Disruptive 03.01 No, Western Troops Shouldn’t Be Sent to Ukraine 03.01 Bob Marley: One Love Is a Feel-Good Fake 02.29 The Starbucks Workers’ Union Has Finally Broken Through 02.29 The New York Times Has an Ugly Anti-Palestinian Bias 02.29 Seven Lessons from Starbucks Workers’ Historic Victory Follow Us Facebook Icon Facebook Twitter Icon Twitter Podcasts Our new issue, on AI, is out now. Subscribe to our print edition today. The Silicon-Tongued Devil 01.25 Leif Weatherby ChatGPT feeds on language, outputting texts that reinforce the basic assumptions of our culture. The rise of AI forces the Left to take a hard look at the politics of language and the linguistics of Noam Chomsky. The Problem With Finance Is the Problem of Capitalism 03.04 Stephen Maher Scott Aquanno Finance’s dominance over the economy isn’t a deviant evolution of a “good” industrial capitalism. Finance and industry are interdependent — meaning solving problems like inequality and climate change will require a far-reaching democratization of the economy. Keir Starmer’s Market Solutions for Housing Won’t Work 03.04 Grace Blakeley Fixing Britain’s housing crisis requires rebuilding the country’s publicly owned housing system — the opposite of the private developer–centered approach recently announced by Keir Starmer. Mayoral Hopeful Flo Cofer Envisions a Democratic Sacramento 03.03 Flo Cofer With an activist background and a left-wing perspective, Sacramento mayoral candidate Flo Cofer bears the markers of an outsider candidate. But backed by big unions, sitting councilmembers, and the city paper, she’s giving the Sac elite a run for their money. The Vatican’s History of Vicious Anti-Communism 03.03 Giuliana Chamedes Modern European history is sometimes told as a story of growing secularization. But the Catholic Church played a central role in 20th-century Europe as one of the main purveyors of anti-communism and a frequent ally of far-right reaction. 02.29 We Are American Jewish Educators, and We Demand a Cease-Fire 02.29 Freedom for Boris Kagarlitsky 02.29 Giorgia Meloni Is Orbánizing the European Union 02.29 Canada Strongly Supported Haiti’s 2004 Coup d’État 02.28 Michigan’s Primary Shows Biden Is Courting Political Suicide 02.28 Social Housing for New York Is on the Table 02.28 A Palestinian Socialist Is Running for Office in Australia 02.28 Israeli Genocide Is a Bad Investment Catalyst Logo Catalyst Current Issue Subscribe About Catalyst Vol. 6 No. 1 Editors’ Note Helen Lackner Yemen in Purgatory Herman Rosenfeld Lean Production Is Not a Solution Achin Vanaik India’s Ethnic Democracy Bryan D. Palmer Foucault’s Bad Trip René Rojas Chile’s Resurgent Left Jeff Goodwin Black Reconstruction as Class War Jacobin Logo Sign up for our mailing list Invalid email address Submit Thanks for signing up! Catalyst About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy © 2024