Catalyst Network Foundation Inc. - Catalyst Network Foundation Inc. (646) 397-8006 info@catalyst-network.org Home About Us Apply About Us Team Leadership Team (LT) Former LT Members Advisory Board Governing Board Apply Allies Partner Schools MOTM Select Page Catalyst Network Foundation (CNF) Building Future Leaders & Supportive Communities 1 School at a Time ADD YOUR NAME ; ADD YOUR NAME ; The Catalyst Network Foundation Inc. (CNF) is a non-profit education initiative 501(c)(3) organization that provides life enrichment and professional development to undeserved youth. CNF serves high-potential youth (ages 14-25) by providing the essential tools, networks, skill-building projects, and development opportunities to maximize their talent. CNF is based in New York City and operates programming in New York City and Washington, D.C. CNF started in 2011, when two of its founding members, realized there was a lack of skill-building resources and opportunities for young people. CNF is fundamentally grassroots, and our work is powered by a strong network of young professionals across industries and sectors. Testimonials Click Here Youth Tech @ Google Click Here STEM Connector: We, partner, innovative companies with great schools Click Here Stats 200+ Fellowship Scholars 2,000+ Instructed annually 99% have graduated High School 98% enrolled in higher education institutions or trade school CNF holds a Summer Intensive Program for rising high school juniors and seniors in New York City and Washington, D.C. Successful applicants are enrolled at a CNF partnership high school. Each student receives individualized attention and internships in preparation for higher education and community service. The fellowship scholars are trained from day one: they tour corporate offices, pitch business ideas, and develop professional skills. Since 2011, the Fellows have participated in corporate tours and create or pitched presentations about inner-city school challenges to several companies, including: Google, Goldman Sachs, NIKE, LinkedIn, Morgan Stanley, HBO, Microsoft, Covington & Burling LLP, GAP, BET, Essence Magazine, NPR, Kaye Scholer LLP, Hughes Hubbard Reed LLP, Bloomberg, Peebles Corporation, Infor, Deloitte, FOX News, and NBC Studios. Read More Who We AreHow We WorkOur Fellowship ScholarsOur Impact The Catalyst Network Foundation Inc. (CNF) is a non-profit education initiative 501(c)(3) organization that provides life enrichment and professional development to undeserved youth. CNF serves high-potential youth (ages 14-25) by providing the essential tools, networks, skill-building projects, and development opportunities to maximize their talent. CNF is based in New York City and operates programming in New York City and Washington, D.C. CNF started in 2011, when two of its founding members, realized there was a lack of skill-building resources and opportunities for young people. CNF is fundamentally grassroots, and our work is powered by a strong network of young professionals across industries and sectors. Summer Intensive Fellows Program Rising high school juniors and seniors Three-week program in New York City and Washington, D.C. Applicants are admitted as Fellows at a CNF partnering high school Mentorship Program Fellows are paired with a CNF Mentor (professional) in the career field Fellows aspire to pursue Fellows receive individualized attention throughout the year Internships & Ongoing Support CNF holds career and college prep workshops throughout the academic school year, instructing more than 1,600 high school students in New York City and Washington, D.C. The CNF Internship Program secures CNF Fellows with internships at top startups, corporations, and medical institutions Tech + Business + Law Symposiums | Career + College Fairs Semi-annual business, law, and tech symposiums at Google; college + career fairs; resume development, coding, and elevator-pitch workshops Prospective Fellowship Scholars are eligible to apply during their sophomore or junior year in high school. The New York City Fellows are enrolled at one of our eight partner high schools in New York City. The Washington, DC Fellows are enrolled at one of our partner schools in the Washington, DC Metropolitan area or scholars at the Black Student Fund or Latino Student Fund. The Fellowship Scholars have to complete our summer-intensive program where the fellowship scholars are trained from day one: they tour corporate offices, pitch business ideas, and develop professional skills. More than 200 High School students have been admitted to the Fellowship Program. Through CNF’s Mentorship Program, Fellowship scholars are paired with a mentor that is a trailblazer in the profession or career field the fellows aspire to pursue. The CNF Internship Program secures CNF Fellows with internships at startups, corporations, and medical institutions. Since 2011, the Fellows have experienced corporate tours and/or pitched capstone presentations and interventions for inner-city school challenges to several companies, including: Google, Goldman Sachs, NIKE, LinkedIn, Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, HBO, Covington & Burling LLP, GAP, Bloomberg, BET, NPR, The Carlyle Group, Kaye Scholer LLP, Hughes Hubbard Reed LLP, Deutsche Bank, Infor, The Peebles Corporation, Deloitte, FOX News, and NBC Studios. Instruct more than 2,000 high school students annually Since 2011, more than 200 students have been admitted to the CNF Fellowship Program 99 percent of CNF Fellows have graduated high school 90 percent of CNF Fellows have enrolled in college or a trade school 15 Partner schools 40+ Partner organizations Mentors/Volunteers earn up to 60+ community service hours annually Curated 25+ Professional Networking Events and Diversity Career Recruiting Sessions securing more than 3,000 attendees (ages 25 – 40) Executed seven 3-week Summer-Intensive programs for our Fellows. Fellows have pitched capstone presentations and interventions for inner-city school challenges in partnership with the following organizations: Google, Goldman Sachs, NIKE, LinkedIn, Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, HBO, Covington & Burling LLP, GAP, Bloomberg, BET, NPR, The Carlyle Group, Kaye Scholer LLP, Hughes Hubbard Reed LLP, Deutsche Bank, Infor, The Peebles Corporation, Deloitte, FOX News, and NBC Studios. “iamCNF” Testimonials + Summer Intensive Program Recap CNF YouthSTEM @ Google – 3rd Annual FOX News Interview We, Partner, Innovative Companies with Great Schools A Meeting of the Minds – Featuring Billionaire Donahue Peebles Become a 2024 CNF Fellowship Scholar New York City Washington, DC Become a 2024 CNF Fellowship Scholar New York City Washington, DC BRIEF OVERVIEW The Catalyst Network Foundation Inc. (CNF) is a non-profit education initiative 501(c)(3) organization based in New York City and Washington, D.C. The social enterprise is fundamentally grassroots, steered by a volunteer leadership team in New York City and Washington, D.C. In July of 2012, Ranking Congressman Ed Towns awarded a proclamation to the Foundation, in recognition of the organization’s achievements. CNF was conceived after its two founding members had a conversation about the future of youth and veterans in their community. After reviewing the lack of communal resources, skill development programs, and career-field opportunities for adults – the founders developed a vision. Through their combined efforts and strategic planning, the two founders recruited additional professionals to support the formation of Catalyst Network Foundation. Founded in 2011, the nonprofit focuses on life enrichment and professional development, with a mission to engage high-potential youth (ages 14-25) by providing the essential tools, networks, skill-building projects, and development opportunities to maximize talent. CNF holds a Summer Intensive Program for rising high school juniors and seniors in New York City and Washington, D.C. Successful applicants are enrolled at a CNF partnership high school. Each student receives individualized attention and internships in preparation for higher education and community service. The fellowship scholars are trained from day one: they tour corporate offices, pitch business ideas, and develop professional skills. More than 200 students have been admitted to the Fellowship Program and are CNF Fellows, 99 percent have graduated high school, and 98 percent enrolled in higher education institutions (including prestigious colleges and universities). Through CNF’s Mentorship Program, Fellowship scholars are paired with a mentor that is a trailblazer in the profession or career field the fellows aspire to pursue. The CNF Internship Program secures CNF Fellows with internships at startups, corporations, and medical institutions. Since 2011, the Fellows have experienced corporate tours and/or pitched capstone presentations and interventions for inner-city school challenges to several companies, including: Google, Goldman Sachs, NIKE, LinkedIn, Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, HBO, Covington & Burling LLP, GAP, Bloomberg, BET, NPR, The Carlyle Group, Kaye Scholer LLP, Hughes Hubbard Reed LLP, Deutsche Bank, Infor, The Peebles Corporation, Deloitte, FOX News, and NBC Studios. The youth initiative annually holds tech symposiums at Google, career, and college preparatory workshops throughout the school year, instructing more than 2,000 high school students in the aforementioned metropolitan areas. CNF performs screening and facilitates seamless partnership arrangements with high schools, nonprofits, and corporations. I.e., City Poly Tech High School < > Infor The organization works with American veterans (ages 21-30), connecting them with resources and information to assist them with their career and academic ambitions. CNF has curated 25+ professional networking events and diversity career recruiting sessions. The organization host a professional mixer and panel discussion called The Meeting of the Minds (MOTM) a gathering that is held quarterly it uniquely combines networking and thoughtful policy discussion on topics affecting minority communities. The goal is to provide a forum for critical conversation on issues often ignored by mainstream media outlets. Home About Us Apply Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn