City of Chicago Skip to main content An official website of the City of Chicago Here's how you know The .gov means it's officialMunicipal government websites often end in .gov or .org. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a City of Chicago government site. The site is secure.The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely. Get the new, updated COVID-19 and flu vaccines. They're safe, effective, and can be taken together. Learn more at Chicago.gov/COVIDVax. MENU Chicago I Want To Apply For Check Status Of Find / Get Pay for/ buy Register Report / File Request Signup for/ Volunteer Programs and Initiatives Affordable Chicago Chicago Recovery Plan Community Safety Consumer Protection Education Environment Food Service Establishments Freedom of Information (FOIA) Grants Health & Wellness Housing Inspections, Permitting & Licensing Jobs Municipal Marketing My CHI. My Future. Public Safety Taxes Technology Transparency Transportation Vendor Impact Fund Government Elected Officials Mayor's Office City Clerk City Treasurer City Council (Your Ward & Aldermen) Other City Agencies City Colleges City Council Office of Financial Analysis Housing Authority (CHA) Park District Public Building Commission Public Schools Transit Authority (CTA) Metro Pier & Exposition Authority Departments 311 City Services Administrative Hearings Animal Care & Control Aviation Budget & Management Buildings Bus. Affairs & Consumer Protection City of Chicago TV Civilian Office of Police Accountability Community Commission for Public Safety & AccountabilityCultural Affairs & Special Events Emergency Mgmt & Communications Environment Ethics Family & Support Services Finance Fire Fleet & Facility Management Housing Human Relations Human Resources Inspector General Law License Appeal Commission People with Disabilities Planning & Development Police Police Board Procurement Services Public Health Public Library Public Safety Administration Streets & Sanitation Technology & Innovation Transportation Water Management Legislation and Regulation Municipal Code Construction Codes Zoning and Land Use Ordinance City of Chicago Rules Portal Other Employee Directory Boards & Commissions City Holidays (Offices Closed) About Chicago History Facts and Statistics Attractions Social Media Accounts Translate Accessibility Search DIVERSE, INNOVATIVE, WORLD CLASS WELCOME HOME TO CHICAGO COVID-19 Vaccines Get information about the vaccine and help prevent the spread of COVID-19. Together We Heal Together We Heal (TWH) launches a journey aimed at building racial healing across Chicago. Support Unhoused Chicagoans and New Arrivals Learn how you can support our unhoused Chicagoans and new arrivals this winter. Mayor Brandon Johnson Pay Utility Bill Work for the City Parking Street Operations Land Acknowledgement The City of Chicago is located on land that is and has long been a center for Native peoples. The area is the traditional homelands of the Anishinaabe, or the Council of the Three Fires: the Ojibwe, Odawa, and Potawatomi Nations. Many other Nations consider this area their traditional homeland, including the Myaamia, Ho-Chunk, Menominee, Sac and Fox, Peoria, Kaskaskia, Wea, Kickapoo, and Mascouten. The City specifically acknowledges the contributions of Kitihawa of the Potawatomi in fostering the community that has become Chicago. We acknowledge all Native peoples who came before us and who continue to contribute to our City. We are committed to promoting Native cultural heritage News Releases Other City Updates Mar 1, 2024 Construction Rehabbers Doing Unpermitted Work Agree to Pay $2.2 Million in Settlement Reached with the City of Chicago Feb 28, 2024 Mayor Brandon Johnson To Join 24th Annual Polar Plunge Feb 28, 2024 Mayor Johnson, Chicago Public Schools, Labor and Corporate Partners Welcome Thousands Of CPS Students To The 2024 Skilled Trades Career Fair Feb 21, 2024 Mayor Johnson Announces $1.25 Billion Commitment to Neighborhood Development, Various Other Measures Introduced to and Approved By The Chicago City Council Feb 20, 2024 Mayor Johnson, City Of Chicago Sues Oil And Gas Companies For Climate Deception View All News Releases Feb 29, 2024 BACP Champions National Consumer Protection Week Feb 29, 2024 Mayor Johnson Announces New Downtown Advisory Committee, Storefront Improvements, Streetscape Visioning for Central Loop Feb 29, 2024 Chicago Department of Public Health Weekly Media Brief, 2/29/2024 Feb 28, 2024 Board Finds Lobbyists in Violation of Law for Failing to Timely Re-register, Assesses Fines Feb 26, 2024 Judge Ends Hold on Police Board Disciplinary Cases View All Other City Updates Home Disclaimer Privacy Policy Web Standards Site Credits Site Map Contact Us Press Room City of Chicago Copyright © 2010 - 2024 City of Chicago Video Title Close Image Title Close