Redis Announcing Redis 7.2 and Enhanced Vector DB Learn more → Get started Get started Docs Redis Get started Data types Redis CLI Redis clients Persistence Scaling Redis Stack Get started RedisInsight JSON Search Probabilistic Programmability Docs Redis Get started Data types Redis CLI Redis clients Persistence Scaling Redis Stack Get started RedisInsight JSON Search Probabilistic Programmability Commands Commands Resources Clients Libraries Tools Modules Resources Clients Libraries Tools Modules Community Community Support Support Quick search…… Search… ⌘ K Try Redis Cloud Download Open main menu Redis The open-source, in-memory data store used by millions of developers as a cache, vector database, document database, streaming engine, and message broker. Get Started Read the docs PING HSET user:1 name antirez vocation artist SET e 2.71 INCRBYFLOAT e 0.43 RENAME e pi Featured content Vector search Vector database quick start guide → Query for data based on vector embeddings → Search and query Document database quick start guide → Query, search, and aggregate Redis data → Programmability Trigger and execute JavaScript functions → Methods for debugging Redis Stack functions → A vibrant, open-source database Voted the most-loved database, Redis is at the center of an engaged community of developers, architects, and open-source contributors. 4B+ Docker pulls 60K+ Github stars 50+ Supported programming languages Core capabilities In-memory data structures Well-known as a "data structure server", with support for strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets, streams, and more. Learn more → Programmability Server-side scripting with Lua and server-side stored procedures with Redis Functions. Learn more → Extensibility A module API for building custom extensions to Redis in C, C++, and Rust. Learn more → Persistence Keeps the dataset in memory for fast access, but can also persist all writes to permanent storage to survive reboots and system failures. Learn more → Clustering Horizontal scalability with hash-based sharding, scaling to millions of nodes with automatic re-partitioning when growing the cluster. Learn more → High availability Replication with automatic failover for both standalone and clustered deployments. Learn more → Use cases Real-time data store Redis' versatile in-memory data structures enable building data infrastructure for real-time applications that require low latency and high-throughput. Caching & session storage Redis' speed makes it ideal for caching database queries, complex computations, API calls, and session state. Streaming & messaging The stream data type enables high-rate data ingestion, messaging, event sourcing, and notifications. Redis Stack Redis Stack extends Redis with modern data models and processing engines to provide a complete developer experience. Download the source, install using your favorite package manager, or spin it up for free in the cloud. Canvas 1Layer 1 Redis Stack Server lets you build applications with searchable JSON and time series data models, and extended probabilistic data structures. Get productive quickly with the Redis Stack object mapping and client libraries. Visualize and optimize your Redis data with RedisInsight. Download Stack Learn more Redis Stack use cases Searchable Redis Index and query Redis data structures and data models; run complex aggregations and full-text search on your Redis data. Document database Leverage JSON and its flexible data model to use Redis as a document database. Model, search, and query your data efficiently without needing an additional cache. See the quick start guide for more information. Telemetry Ingest continuous readings from devices in the field, storing as time series data or analyzing and deduplicating with probabilistic data structures. Identity and resource management Define digital resources and ACLs as a graph, and compute permissions in real-time with a single Cypher query. Vector search Develop AI-powered applications by querying vector embeddings. You can use Redis as a vector database to implement recommendation systems, Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG), LLM semantic caching, and more. See the quick start guide for more information. Fraud detection All the tools to detect fraud in real time, probabilistic queries, vector search, and even processing using streams. Get started Preparation Install & launch Redis → Learn the Redis CLI → Countdown Experiment with Redis data structures → Explore Redis clients → Liftoff See Redis programming patterns → Join to the community → This is a community website sponsored by Redis Ltd. © 2024. Redis and the cube logo are registered trademarks of Redis Ltd. Terms of use & privacy policy. Cancel Powered by Redis Stack