Earth Policy Institute – Building a Sustainable Future | Home Books Plan B Updates Book Bytes Eco-Economy Indicators Data Highlights Plan B Documentary Translations Population, Health, and Society Natural Systems Climate, Energy, and Transportation Food and Agriculture Economy and Policy All Datasets Press Kit EPI in the News EPI Releases People in Action Plan B Teams Translations What You Can Do Who We Are Bio of Lester Brown Testimonials Contact Us Listserv Lester Brown Birthday Guestbook Lester Brown, 1966-69 Administrator, IADS, USDA "Lester Brown has produced another 'planetary survey' book that tells us how to get off the wrecking train we are on by courtesy of a dozen environmental assaults such as climate change. The better news (and there’s plenty) is that turning problems into opportunities generally puts money into our pockets." —Norman Myers, 21st Century School, University of Oxford on World on the Edge: How to Prevent Environmental and Economic Collapse test All good things must come to an end and that is true of the Earth Policy Institute. We closed our doors on July 1, 2015. This website will continue to remain live, but without updates, for years to come. Plan B is a plan to replace the fossil-fuel-based, automobile-centered, throwaway economy with a new economic model. Instead of being based on fossil fuels, a Plan B economy will be powered by abundant sources of renewable energy: wind, solar, geothermal, hydropower, and biofuels. Read more... Earth Policy Research | featured release June 29, 2015 Au Revoir & Thank You! All good things must come to an end, and we at the Earth Policy Institute (EPI) find ourselves sadly at the end of a road filled with many successes. With our president and founder, Lester Brown, stepping down at the age of 81, we are closing our doors on June 30, 2015. Our awesome... read more ...other releases May 13, 2015 Seven Surprising Realities Behind The Great Transition to Renewable Energy April 16, 2015 Market Forces Driving “Great Transition” to Clean Energy, Says New Book March 05, 2015 Wind Power Beats Nuclear Again in China Publications | Data Center | Press Room | EPI Blog | Get Involved | About EPI | Links | Site Map EPI in the News August 25, 2015 Review of The Great Transition June 12, 2015 Lester Brown in the Christian Science Monitor June 09, 2015 Janet Larsen Writes Op-Ed for Pittsburgh Post-Gazette June 01, 2015 Lester Brown Interviewed on Living on Earth May 27, 2015 Lester Brown Interviewed by the Daily Beast May 19, 2015 Lester Brown in Bloomberg Business Sponsored by Rutgers University Earth Policy Institute EARTH POLICY INSTITUTE™ is a registered mark of Rutgers University. © Rutgers University