INTERNATIONAL COLOR CONSORTIUM 2023 London Meeting Invited Speaker session Upcoming ICC Meetings 2022 HDR Experts' Day 2020 ICC DevCon 2020 Munich, 10-11 February 2019 ICC Color Experts' Day, Bressanone 2018 ICC Color Symposium Hong Kong, 22 October Grand Rapids, MI, 30-31 May ICC DevCon 2018 Munich, 25-26 February 2017 Ryerson Toronto Graphic Arts Day, 13 October Toronto, 11-12 October Prague Graphic Arts Experts' Day, 29 June Prague, 27-28 June Tokyo, 19-20 April NPES/ICC Print Business Outlook Conference, India, 5 Feb Got a question about ICC Profiles or colour management? Ask Phil... iccMAX Demo Implementation - v2.1.3 released New version of ICC.2 (iccMAX) published Dr Danny Rich New version of ICC.1 (v4.4) published Tech note on partial adaptation Interoperability Conformance Specifications approved ICC DevCon2020 - recordings available! ICC working group on HDR Android lock screen bug iccMAX published as ISO 20677 iccMAX New study on color management ICC tech note on embedding an iccMAX profile in a v4 profile ICC White Paper on iccMAX Calc programming ICC video ICC Medical Imaging Working Group Profile security Display calibration PRMG-based exchange profile for digital print Profiling tools ICC Profile Registry sRGB profiles ICC user forum Why join ICC? What is an ICC Profile? Using CxF for printing spot inks What is FOGRA39? Consistent colour appearance Colour management resources in Chinese Colour gamut analysis iccMAX: a new colour management paradigm (video) INTERNATIONAL COLOR CONSORTIUM The purpose of the ICC is to promote the use and adoption of open, vendor-neutral, cross-platform color management systems.The ICC encourages vendors to support the ICC profile format and the workflows required to use ICC profiles. The v4 ICC specification is widely used and is referred to in many International and other de-facto standards. It was first approved as an International Standard, ISO 15076-1, in 2005 and revised in 2010. This site contains information about the ICC specification and about color management generally! DevCon 2020: The Future of Color Management The International Color Consortium Developers Conference ICC DevCon2020 was held on-line as a series of webinars during November 2020 and January 2021. Slides and recordings of the event are all available. iccMAX enables new ways of openly communicating about light, color and appearance. The iccMAX specification was approved by the ICC Steering Committee in July 2016, and was published as ISO 20677 in February 2019. According to William Li, ICC Co-Chair and Kodak Color Technology Manager, "iccMAX is a major expansion of the original ICC profile format. Users will no longer be constrained by the need to base everything on a standard D50 light source, by the lack of support for spectral data, or by the inability to use 3D measurements." He added, "The result is a next-generation colour management system, together with a reference implementation, that will aid companies in quickly developing solutions for their market segment." The current version of the specification is Version 4.4. Color management products are now mostly v4 compatible, and vendors are strongly urged to upgrade their products to be compatible with the v4 specification and its Perceptual Reference Medium Gamut. The v4 menu above provides links to documents and resources on the v4 specification, including a summary of the main advantages of the v4 specification, and the reasons to use v4 profiles in colour workflows. The v2 specification is still supported and recommendations on making v2 profiles that can interoperate in v4 workflows are provided. Profile creation software that will produce profiles that conform to v4 are listed in the Profiling Tools page, and applications that will utilize them are widely available. Join ICC Member List Working Groups Member-Only Area Profile Viewing and Testing Profiles Profiling Tools Characterization Registry Signature Registry Profile Registry Metadata Registry Specifications Tech Notes White Papers Information on Profiles Standards that Specify ICC Profiles Information for Developers Intro to Profile Format FAQs Finding profiles Making profiles ICC Slide Presentation Links The V4 Profile Format Advantages of V4 Is my system V4-compatible? Products supporting V4 Why use V4 V4 Gamut ICC Tech Notes Developer Conference Embedding Profiles Sample ICC Signature Registry Open Source CMYK Data Registry 3-Component Encoding Registry About Contact Join Participate Introducing iccMAX Specification Reference Implementation Interoperability Conformance Specifications Current status Why use iccMAX Example iccMAX profiles Learn more