We change lives | WaterAid Global Skip to main content Global Australia Bangladesh Canada Ethiopia Ghana India Japan Malawi Mozambique Nigeria Pakistan Sweden Tanzania Uganda United Kingdom United States WASH Matters (Policy and practice) WaterAid logo Main navigation About WaterAid Home About WaterAid Our global strategy Where we work How we are run Our history Facts and statistics Voices from the Field Annual reports Get involved Home Get involved Jobs and volunteering Join an event Virtual speaker network Global campaigns Press releases Show search field Donate Menu We are WaterAid Our vision is of a world where everyone, everywhere has safe and sustainable water, sanitation and hygiene - for good. Explore our global strategy Image: WaterAid/Ernest Randriarimalala Back to top WaterAid is an international not-for-profit, determined to end the global water, sanitation and hygiene crisis for everyone, everywhere. Almost1in10people don't have clean water close to home. We're collaborating with local partners to find the best solution for getting clean water to every global community. Discover the power of clean water Almost 1 in 5people don't have a decent toilet of their own. We're working with partners to help install toilets and train local people to maintain them once we have gone. Meet the people we work with 1 in 4people don't have soap and/or water to wash their hands at home. Good hygiene promotion is one of the most effective ways to improve global health. That's why we support hygiene education programmes across all our projects. Find out why good hygiene matters WaterAid began in 1981 because no charity like us existed. We’ll stop when no charity like us is needed. In the meantime, we’re focused on helping people break free from poverty and change their lives for good through the three essentials of clean water, decent toilets and good hygiene. With your support, we'll reach everyone, everywhere within a generation. Changing lives across the world We've reached 28.5 million with clean water and 29 million with toilets. Directly installing taps and toilets is vital, but we do much more. To make lasting change happen on a massive scale, we work together with communities, governments and service providers. See where we work Make a donation today Ready to make a difference? Donate to WaterAid and help change someone's life. Donate now Explore our work Dive in to our research and expert opinion on policy, practice and advocacy. Visit WASH Matters Give an unforgettable gift We've got the perfect presents for every occasion in our Shop for Life. Shop now Footer Get in touch Contact us Media Useful info Jobs FAQs Publications Annual reports Safeguarding Website accessibility statement WaterAid websites Australia Canada India Japan Sweden UK US WASH Matters (research and insight) Donate Registration numbers: Australia ABN 99 700 687 141, Canada 119288934 RR0001, England and Wales 288701, Scotland SC039479, Sweden 802426-1268, United States EIN/tax ID 30-018-1674 WaterAid - water charity | © Copyright WaterAid - All rights reserved. Terms and conditions | Privacy notice | Cookies policy