Vivienne Westwood® Online | Clothing and Accessories Consent tracking We use cookies to personalize our service and provide you with the best possible experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to this cookie usage. You can learn more about cookies and how your data is processed in Privacy Policy Accept all Accept withouttracking Skip to Content (Press Enter) Skip to Footer (Press Enter) Your browser does not have JS enabled, you are still able to browse the website but you won't be able to access advanced features such as editing or logging in. You are using an unsupported browser or your browser might be in the Compatibility View mode. Your cookies are disabled. To experience the full world of SFRA, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy. Menu Search Sign In / Register Wishlist Menu New Arrivals Discover New Arrivals View all Women's New Arrivals Men's New Arrivals View all Andreas Kronthaler Discover Andreas Kronthaler View all Clothing View all Women Discover Women View all Clothing View all Coats and Jackets Corsets Dresses Knitwear Tops and Shirts Skirts Sweatshirts and T-Shirts Trousers and Shorts View all Bags View all Eastpak Backpacks Clutches Crossbody Bags Handbags Totebags View all Shoes View all Boots Platforms Sandals Trainers View all Jewellery View all Bracelets Earrings Necklaces Rings Watches Other Jewellery View all Accessories View all Belts and Harnesses Keyrings Scarves and Ponchos Socks and Tights Wallets and Purses Other Accessories View all Sunglasses View all Men Discover Men View all Clothing View all Coats and Jackets Knitwear and Sweatshirts Shirts Trousers and Shorts T-Shirts and Polos View all Bags View all Eastpak Backpacks Crossbody Bags Tote Bags View all Shoes View all Boots Lace Up Shoes Trainers View all Jewellery View all Bracelets Cufflinks and Pins Earrings Necklaces Rings Watches View all Accessories View all Belts and Harnesses Keyrings Scarves and Ponchos Socks Wallets Other Accessories View all Sunglasses View all Gifts Discover Gifts View all For Her For Him View all Bridal Discover Bridal View all Made to Order View all 2024 2023 2022 View all Couture View all 2024 2023 2022 View all Andreas Kronthaler View all 2022 View all View all Collections Discover Collections Autumn-Winter 2024/25 Autumn-Winter 2024/25 Catwalk Spring-Summer 2024 Spring-Summer 2024 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Autumn-Winter 2023/24 Autumn-Winter 2023/24 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Spring-Summer 2023 Spring-Summer 2023 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Autumn-Winter 2022/23 Autumn-Winter 2022/23 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Spring-Summer 2022 Spring-Summer 2022 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Autumn-Winter 2021/22 Autumn-Winter 2021/22 Lookbook AKVW Lookbook Spring-Summer 2021 Spring-Summer 2021 Lookbook AKVW Lookbook Autumn-Winter 2020/21 Autumn-Winter 2020/21 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Spring-Summer 2020 Spring-Summer 2020 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Autumn-Winter 2019/20 Autumn-Winter 2019/20 Campaign VW Catwalk AKVW Catwalk Spring-Summer 2019 Spring-Summer 2019 Campaign Lookbook Catwalk Buy Less, Choose Well, Make It Last Discover Sustainability Our Preferred Materials Sustainable Packaging Activism Activism Humane Society International Climate Revolution Switch Cool Earth Flora & Fauna Greenpeace Rewilding Reimagining Waste Carbon Emissions and Waste Supply Chain Craftsmanship and Heritage Craftsmanship and Heritage Ethical Fashion Initiative Worlds End Collection Lochcarron of Scotland Harris Tweed Westwood World Albania / English Albania Algeria Andorra Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Belgium Belize Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Greenland Guatemala Guernsey Holy See (Vatican City State) Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mexico Moldova Monaco Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Republic of Macedonia Romania San Marino Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Suriname Sweden Switzerland Tajikistan Thailand Tunisia Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic) Viet Nam Shipping to English Language Euro, € Currency Confirm Store Locator Customer Service Sign In / Register Wishlist Track order Vivienne Westwood EU See the full collection #AKAW2425 WOMENSWEAR MENSWEAR Culture lives through controversy. - Vivienne Westwood Featured Products Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Vivienne €195 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Mini bas relief drop earrings €120 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. 2 button crewe jacket €1,320 New In Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Heart frame purse €330 New In Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Meghan kilt €700 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Card holder €130 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Sunglasses €185 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Bernardo bomber €1,605 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Classic t-shirt multicolor orb €160 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Wreck shorts €975 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Plimsoll high top canvas €250 Quick View Seems the item was not added to wishlist. Please reload the page and try again. Lighter €110 Heritage 17/04/23 Corsets As ever synonymous with the notion of Renaissance – a French term, originally evoking rebirth – Vivienne was always one to look to the past for inspiration. ‘When you explore the past, you enter the future,’ she once expressed. Her 18th century-inspired corsets were symbolic of this vision and her keen interest in history. Read Article See More Articles ACESSORIES ACESSORIES Discover Heritage Vivienne Westwood began designing in 1971 along with her then partner Malcolm McLaren in London. At the time they used their shop at 430 Kings Road, London, to showcase their ideas and designs. With their changing ideas of fashion came the change of not only the name of the shop but also the décor. It was in 1976 when Westwood and McLaren defined the street culture of Punk with Seditionaries. Read Article See More Articles @viviennewestwood Worldwide delivery Committed to sustainability Safe & secure payments Craft and heritage CUSTOMER SERVICE CUSTOMER SERVICE FAQs & Contact Track Your Order LEGAL LEGAL Legal Notice Terms & Conditions Of Sale Terms & Conditions Of Use Digital DIGITAL Social Media Channels POLICY POLICY Returns & Refunds Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookies Settings ESG ESG Buy Less, Choose Well, Make It Last Materials, Activism, Emissions, Supply & Heritage Careers COMPANY/GOVERNANCE COMPANY/GOVERNANCE Code Of Labour Practice And Business Conduct Organizational Model 231 And Code Of Ethics Whistleblowing Policy Modern Slavery Statement find us on Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email * I explicitly consent to the processing of my personal data for the purposes of “Sending you promotional communications” and “Customizing our Services including any Content that may be useful to you”, as described in the section “Why we use your Data” of the privacy policy. If you intend to give your consent only to some of the aforementioned purposes click here. I explicitly consent to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of “Sending you promotional communications” I explicitly consent to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of “Customizing our Services including any Content that may be useful to you” Secure Checkout © 2024 Vivienne Westwood Search Shopping bag