Empowering Women & Non-Binary People in Tech – AnitaB.org About Our Mission Our History Our Team Our Senior Leadership Team Our Board of Trustees Board of Trustees Student Nominations Advisory Our Research & Impact Impact Reports Top Companies Case Studies & White Papers Technical Equity Experience Survey (TechEES) Our Resources Webinars & Podcasts COVID-19 Updates AnitaB.org India Audited Financials Newsletter Sign-Up Events & Programs By Audience For Individuals For Organizations For Academics Events Grace Hopper Celebration Elevating Conversations Open Source Day Diversity & Inclusion Workshops Awards & Grants Abie Awards PitcHER ™ Pass It On Awards Tech Journey Fund Scholarship Join the Movement Sponsors & Partner Opportunities Sponsors Membership Sponsorship Organization Spotlights Our Communities Find Your Local Community Local Community Events Systers Membership Volunteer Policy & Advocacy Careers at AnitaB.org Stories & News Blog Organization Spotlights Podcast Contact Newsletters BECOME A member Get involved Donate Now! Donate Now! BECOME A member Paving the Way Forward for Women and Non-Binary Individuals in Tech Career Development, Apprenticeship, Networking, Mentorship and more! Events and Programs GHC Grace Hopper Celebration (GHC) is the world's largest gathering of women and non-binary technologists. Learn More New Podcast! Listen and empower change in tech. Join Brenda Darden Wilkerson and industry leaders with the “B The Way Forward” podcast. Learn More AnitaB.org Peer Groups AnitaB.org Peer Groups (APG) for executives: Join peer retreats & monthly sessions to boost your tech leadership with expert training and support. Learn More AnitaB.org Membership Introducing an all-new Membership program designed to connect and inspire women in tech 365 days of the year! Check It Out See all events & programs WE CONNECT, INSPIRE, AND ADVANCE WOMEN AND NON-BINARY TECHNOLOGISTS Year-round Our impact extends 365 days per year with products and service to support our Mission. Inclusive We support women and non-binary technologists and allies. Global Our reach extends to over 70 countries across the globe. The Latest News AnitaB.org Advisory A systemic approach to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion (DEI) customized for an organization’s strategy, workforce profile, cultural values, and market. Learn More New Podcast! Listen and empower change in tech. Join Brenda Darden Wilkerson and industry leaders with the “B The Way Forward” podcast. Learn More Stop Pay Discrimination Sign the petition to raise your voice to Congress and show your support for pay equity. Ask Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act! Learn More People We Serve Our Mission Supports: Individuals Women and non-binary people in all career levels have a role in transforming technology. Get involved today. Learn More Organizations Our programs help organizations recruit, retain and support women, non-binary people, and people from historically excluded groups. Learn More Academics Building more inclusive pathways into tech for women and non-binary people through relationships with academic institutions. Learn More Sign Up for Our Newsletter Click Here! Join the Movement We offer many ways to get involved with our mission of intersectional gender and pay parity. Partner & Sponsor Attend an Event We plan and execute exciting events across the globe to support our Mission. View Events Become a Partner Hundreds of organizations from various industries support AnitaB.org. Learn More Donate Donate to AnitaB.org to advance women in technology. Donate Now Updates from AnitaB.org Read what's happening within our organization and how AnitaB.org brings women in computing together to uncover new ideas. See all VP Kamala Harris Letter in Support of AnitaB.org and GHC 23 Read more Arlan Hamilton: Investing in Black Women’s History Read more Paving the Way Forward for Diversity in Tech with Ruth Llanos-Vos Read more Contact Us Have a question? We can help. Contact Us Careers Check out opportunities and start your career at AnitaB.org. View Opportunities Media Inquiries Send us any media inquiries and speaker requests. Inquire Today ABOUT Our Mission Our History Our Team Our Senior Leadership Team Our Board of Trustees Board of Trustees Student Nominations Code of Conduct Research & Impact Impact Reports Top Companies Case Studies & White Papers Technical Equity Experience Survey (TechEES) Resources Webinars & Podcasts COVID-19 Updates AnitaB.org India Audited Financials EVENTS & PROGRAMS By Audience For Individuals For Organizations For Academics Events Grace Hopper Celebration Elevating Conversations Diversity & Inclusion Workshops Awards & Grants Abie Awards PitcHER ™ Pass It On Awards Tech Journey Fund Scholarship JOIN THE MOVEMENT Sponsors & Partner Opportunities Sponsors Membership Sponsorship Organization Spotlights Our Communities Find Your Local Community Local Community Events Systers Membership Volunteer with AnitaB.org Policy & Advocacy STORIES & NEWS Blog Organization Spotlights Podcast CONTACT Careers Newsletter © Copyright 2024. All Rights Reserved Donor Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use & Disclaimer We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept", you consent to our use of cookies.AcceptRejectPrivacy Policy