Wisconsin State Journal| Breaking News and Sports | Read Madison, WI and Wisconsin breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Wisconsin sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 39° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition Sites Wisconsin State Journal Cap Times WiscNews.com News Local Crime Politics Education State & Regional Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Opinion Letters Editorial Columnist Cartoon Sports High School Badgers Brewers Bucks Packers Professional BadgerExtra Football Men’s basketball Women’s basketball Men’s hockey Women’s hockey Volleyball Recruiting History Life & Entertainment Arts & Theater Events Calendar Food & Dining Music Movies & TV Comics Puzzles Columns Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Contests Play Business Economy Employment Health Care Personal Finance Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition Cap Times E-edition Wisconsin State Journal E-edition E-edition Archives Display Ads Circulars Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes for Sale Homes for Rent Deals Shop Local Promotions Public Notices Marketplace Display Ads Wisconsin Public Notices Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Activate Full Access Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Dining Cap Times WiscNews Jobs 39° Cloudy Rare dual referendums: City of Madison, School District contemplate asking voters to hike property taxes No decisions have been made whether to pursue referendums or when, but it's possible requests could appear on the same ballot in the November general election. Beer Baron: A wistful salute to a great neighboring brewery Chapter 11 may not spell the end for Fair State Brewery Cooperative, but it's not good news either. Wisconsin efforts to remove Donald Trump from ballot dismissed after Supreme Court ruling The Wisconsin lawsuits were launched as part of a nationwide effort to remove Trump under a provision of the Constitution prohibiting insurrection participants from holding office. Settlement in Wisconsin fake elector case offers new details on the strategy by Trump lawyers "This all came out of Wisconsin and expanded to other states," said an attorney who helped negotiate the settlement. Takeaways from the settlement of Wisconsin's fake electors lawsuit More than 1,400 pages of emails, text messages, and other documents were released in a civil lawsuit against two attorneys and 10 Wisconsin Republicans who posed as fake electors. Where Wisconsin hockey teams fit in projected NCAA Tournament brackets The Badgers women's hockey team is a near-lock to host an NCAA Tournament regional. Here's what women's and men's brackets might look like this week. He teaches lightsaber classes, she teaches burlesque fitness. And they're in love The Blue Mounds couple credits each other for the support they needed to try something new. Wisconsin parents can now claim higher child tax credit; governor urges Legislature to do more Evers said the measure will provide nearly $73 million in annual tax relief to more than 110,000 residents, with an average savings of about $656 per filer. United Way of Dane County raises $16.8 million from fundraising campaign Thanks to the organization’s annual fundraising campaign, the United Way of Dane County raised a total of $16.8 million. SSM Health to build clinic in Verona It's one of several medical facility projects in the Madison area for which construction is underway or planned soon. Wisconsin men's basketball hopes to leave bad start vs. Rutgers behind in rematch The Badgers fell behind Rutgers with a scoreless first 3 minutes, 6 seconds against the Scarlet Knights' pressure. Wisconsin hopes to prevent that from happening Thursday at the Kohl Center. Wisconsin football receives commitment from 3-star outside linebacker Another recruit who visited Wisconsin recently just committed to the Badgers. Here's what to know about this three-star outside linebacker. Wisconsin football senior defensive lineman leaving for transfer portal The transfer portal is accessible to graduate transfers. Here's what we know about the latest Badgers departure. Verona bakery delivered 72 cupcakes to famous rock band visiting Madison The owners of Craig's Cake Shop don't know how they got on the radar of a classic rock band that performed at the Kohl Center last week. Journalist Mark Koehn reflects on 46 years at WISC-TV Channel 3 Mark Koehn was known for News 3 Traveler and the Newshounds Update, featuring his dogs. “People are, I think, more upset that they’re not on anymore than me," he said. Why this ref is helping a Wisconsin women's hockey player avoid penalties (and why it works) A freshman's ability to stay on the ice has been key to their offense with just two penalties taken. Here's her secret for staying out of the penalty box. 5 things to know about the 48th annual WIAA state girls basketball tournament Edgewood enters its third state tourney. The Crusaders won the Division 3 title in 2017. How the surging Bucks did without Giannis against the Clippers Damian Lillard scored 41 points as the Bucks came from behind to beat the Los Angeles Clippers 113-106 on Monday night for their sixth straight victory. Playoff tests await as Wisconsin hockey teams stay near top of national rankings Both Badgers hockey teams are preparing for playoff challenges. Here's where they stand in the national rankings. Wisconsin men's basketball completes tumble out of AP rankings The Badgers have had a terrible stretch, and are no longer recognized among the nation's top teams. Here's how they got here. Recommended For You Verona bakery delivered 72 cupcakes to famous rock band visiting Madison Takeaways from the settlement of Wisconsin's fake electors lawsuit How the surging Bucks did without Giannis against the Clippers The Latest Darlington man faces OWI after crash into Montfort ice cream shop, Grant County authorities say The driver was not injured, but the building sustained heavy structural damage, the Grant County Sheriff’s Office said. Boys, 14 and 13, arrested after crashing stolen SUV into pole on Southwest Side, Madison police say The SUV crashed into a pole at the intersection of Hempstead Road at South Whitney Way shortly after 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Madison police reported. Madison police seeking to reunite disabled boy with stolen bike Due to its design and specifications, the bike is of high monetary value, but is of much more value to the boy, Madison police said. Woman faces 2nd OWI after crash into pond on Southwest Side, Madison police say The crash happened near the intersection of Dorchester Way and McKee Road at 4:55 p.m. Sunday, Madison police said. Interact With Us Nurses 2024 Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Latest Video Wisconsin electors for Donald Trump meet to falsely claim he won the election Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition BadgerExtra: Premium UW Sports Coverage A Big Ten title for a Waunakee native highlights This Week In Badger History Former Wisconsin track standout L.O. Johnson won the 60-meter dash at the Big Ten Indoor Track and Field championships last year at Ohio State. Ep. 62 Open Jim: Wisconsin men's hockey back in Big Ten contention and men's basketball musings The Badgers hockey team have overachieved in Mike Hastings' first season, to their credit. Do they need to win the league for a successful season? BadgerExtra columnist Jim Polzin chimes in. 3 reasons why Wisconsin men's basketball wants this in-state top-35 recruit BadgerExtra's breakdown shows why this four-star recruit is the state's best in the 2025 class. 3 reasons why Wisconsin men's basketball is pursuing this in-state top-120 recruit The Badgers were the first high-major program to offer the 2025 forward. BadgerExtra's breakdown shows why Wisconsin is among several early suitors. Sports Photos; Wisconsin women's basketball hosts Michigan State on Senior Day Photos of the Badgers' 78-52 loss to the Spartans in their Big Ten Conference regular season finale on Sunday, March 3 at the Kohl Center in Madison. Wisconsin women's basketball seniors Natalie Leuzinger and Brooke Schramek, and coach Marisa Moseley discuss Senior Day Wisconsin women's basketball seniors Natalie Leuzinger and Brooke Schramek, along with coach Marisa Moseley, discuss the Senior Day ceremonies prior to Sunday's game against Michigan State. Mount Horeb boys' playoff victory leads prep stars of the night Josh Manchester and the Vikings advanced to a sectional semifinal. Here's how other boys basketball games played out Saturday. Waunakee/DeForest freshman's dynamic state debut sets precedent for future success With no expectations ahead of a debut state meet, breaking a program record sets up a path to future state success. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment The best vertical garden planters for spring 2024 If you don’t have a big garden but still want to grow fresh herbs, flowers, fruits, and vegetables this spring, a vertical garden is the perfect way to make the most of your outdoor space. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition We’ve had to say goodbye to some beloved musicians, athletes, actors and more. Here's a look at the stars we've lost so far in 2024, through February. Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Moving Day Ready is really moving made easy for retirees looking to downsize Content by Cantata Adult Life Services. When people are transitioning to a community like Cantata, the first call to make is to a reputable moving company that can help navigate the downsizing process. Contributor 13 best apps for buying Instagram comments Contributor Content. In this comprehensive guide, discover 13 of the best apps and websites for purchasing Instagram comments. Sponsored What You Should Know About Hair Transplant Turkey Provided content. Learn everything you need to know about getting a hair transplant in Turkey. Sponsored Sprucing up your home before moving into independent living can reap big profits Content by Cantata Adult Life Services. For individuals ready to sell their home and move into an independent living, assisted living or long-term care facility, these tips can expedite the process and add profit to the move. Opinion Los Angeles Times: Californians knead answers. Did Panera Bread get an exemption from $20 minimum wage law? Even before California Gov. Gavin Newsom signed the landmark law in September that would increase the minimum wage for fast-food workers to $20 per hour starting in April, eyebrows were raised over the so-called Panera exemption. Cynthia M. Allen: When we develop technology without morality, we get the Alabama in-vitro ruling I spent days reading coverage of the recent Alabama Supreme Court ruling that recognized extrauterine embyros as children. Analysis: Could zombie deer disease jump to humans? In the tranquil expanses of North America’s woodlands and grasslands, a silent but concerning phenomenon is unfolding: chronic wasting disease (CWD). The condition, often dubbed “zombie deer disease,” is stealthily spreading among deer populations, sparking concerns among scientists, conserv… Sen. Cory Tomczyk and Rep. Alex Dallman: Fight homelessness across Wisconsin Republican state lawmakers urge passage of Assembly Bill 689 Local Businesses Bills Fitness Store 4102 Lien Rd., Madison, WI 53704 Website Communication Innovations Pediatric Therapy Centers 2927 Fish Hatchery Road, Madison, WI 53711 Website Columbia County P Po Box 63, Portage, WI 53901 Website Print Ads Transportation MIDDLETON TRAVEL - Ad from 2024-03-03 Jewelry BRADFORD EXCHANGE - MIDWEST LISTS AND MEDIA - Ad from 2024-03-03 Service WISCONSIN UNION - Ad from 2024-03-03 Sale MORGANS SHOES - Ad from 2024-03-03 Clothes THE SHOE BOX LTD - Ad from 2024-03-01 Creative UNIVERSITY THEATRE/Dept of Theatre & Drama - Ad from 2024-03-03 Office A1 GARAGE SETUP - BEAR ALLEY MARKETING - Ad from 2024-03-03 Sale DEAN GEORGE AUCTION SERVICE - Ad from 2024-03-03 Jewelry STUDIO JEWELERS - Ad from 2024-02-29 Transportation MIDDLETON TRAVEL - Ad from 2024-03-03 × Facebook Twitter YouTube Pinterest Instagram Calendar Comics Obituaries Search Subscribe now Sites & Partners Wisconsin State Journal Cap Times WiscNews Madison Media Partners AmplifiedWisconsin ApplyMadison Wingra Printing Group Online Features Services Customer service: 800-362-8333 Manage your subscription Place a classified ad Submit a Celebration Contact Us Email Newsletters Work here Buy and Sell Jobs Homes Apartments Licensing Dealer Returns © Copyright 2024 Wisconsin State Journal, 1901 Fish Hatchery Rd Madison, WI 53713 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Badger Sports Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Crime Subscribe Politics Subscribe