Lincoln Brady - Guitarist, Teacher, Composer, Arranger - Home Page Lincoln Brady - Guitarist, Teacher, Composer, Arranger Home Page News Video Gallery Performance Highlights Compositions Arrangements Audio Free Scores Photo Gallery Tuition Teaching Experience Education Weddings Contact Info Links Home Page News Video Gallery Performance Highlights Compositions Arrangements Audio Free Scores Photo Gallery Tuition Teaching Experience Education Weddings Contact Info Links Search by typing & pressing enter YOUR CART Lincoln Brady is a graduate of ﻿'Trinity College of Music, London' and the 'University of Adelaide' in Guitar (Performance). He has performed on television (Channel 7 AM & Channel 44) and in many music festivals, concerts, weddings and other gigs over the past 30 years as a soloist and in several bands and ensembles playing a variety of different Guitar styles including: Classical, Pop, Jazz & Latin.Lincoln has taught Guitar and Music Theory since 1986 at Primary, Secondary and Tertiary levels in Sydney and in Adelaide. Many of his students have won places in music scholarships, advanced music programs and University Degree courses. Several of his current and former students have also won awards at the Adelaide Fringe and Edinburgh Fringe Festivals and at the Adelaide Eisteddfod.Lincoln has premiered several new works for guitar by leading overseas composers and many of his own compositions and arrangements are published in Europe and in America: "Bergmann Edition", "MusicaNeo", "Sheet Music Plus", "Sheet Music Direct", "JW Pepper" & "Teachers Pay Teachers".Tuition is available at studios in Unley or Morphett Vale (Adelaide) and online via ZOOM. "Con amore it is and that's the best a musician can do. Bravo!” - Micha Haran (Cellist, Israel Philharmonic Orchestra). "A remarkable Guitarist" - Jan Freidlin (Composer/Pianist, Ukraine/Israel). ﻿﻿"Sounds great! You gave it a really nice feel"- Michael Karmon (Composer/Guitarist, Israel/USA).​​"I purchased BOUNCE a couple of months ago for my guitar students at school. They LOVE it!!"- Rachel A. (Teachers Pay Teachers, USA)."Our two lads.......always enjoyed the lessons and will use the skills learned into the future".- Paul W. (Adelaide, Australia)"'Great applause from the audience.........our congratulations for creating such a superb concert!"- Barry L. ('Broadway World', Adelaide, Australia)"A huge success..........unforgettable experience" - Lucia M. (Violinist, Boston, USA)."Harmonies that definitely give the illusion of Ancient Greece in its sound world" - Chris D. - Lincoln Brady : Aphrodite Knidos : Bergmann (allclassicalguitar.co.uk)"An interesting piece full of sounds that were unusual but still tonally driven"- Chris D. - Lincoln Brady : Il Satiro Danzante : Bergmann (allclassicalguitar.co.uk) "A most imaginative and engrossing set of pieces.....I loved this piece from start to finish.....beautifully written and really does keep you occupied through its five movements and as such I hope that it gets the recognition it truly deserves".- Chris D. - https://www.allclassicalguitar.co.uk/post/lincoln-brady-four-seasons-and-finale-www-lincolnbrady-com "Thank you for teaching Cate. She has absolutely loved your lessons. Thank you and best of luck going forward".- Nicole C. (Adelaide, Australia). "Utterly interesting to play, and would be ideal as a little item in a concert , as it is a waltz but it isn’t too derivative of the usual fare you might get when seeing the word waltz in the title, and therefore I can say that this piece is well worth playing".-Chris D. - https://www.allclassicalguitar.co.uk/post/lincoln-brady-torquay-1930-www-lincolnbrady-com "An interesting set of slightly unusual pieces , most of which will not remind you of anything you may have seen before and all of which should provide the interested player with some modern but very acceptable pieces to try out".-Chris D. -https://www.allclassicalguitar.co.uk/post/lincoln-brady-six-preludes-bergmann Bob M.'s corporate event in Port Adelaide on March, 2023:​"Lincoln Brady was fantastic, and we will certainly be looking for him to play at other functions".​"Thank you so much Lincoln! We really enjoyed having you play and thanks again for doing the 'Nothing Else Matters' (Metallica) arrangement, we loved it!"- Sophie C. (Adelaide, Australia)"Thanks again for playing for us! Was so nice and everyone was complimenting how awesome and beautiful it was" - Connor B. (Hobart, Australia) Proudly powered by Weebly