Bard College Skip to main content. Faculty + Staff Alumni/ae Families Students Bard Bard Menu Bard Academics sub-menuAcademics Academics Programs and Divisions Structure of the Curriculum Courses Requirements Academic Calendar Faculty College Catalogue Bard Abroad Libraries Dual-Degree Programs Bard Conservatory of Music Other Study Opportunities Graduate Programs Early Colleges Admission sub-menuAdmission Applying Apply Now Financial Aid Tuition + Payment Campus Tours Meet Our Students + Alumni/ae For Families / Para Familias Join Our Mailing List Contact Us Campus Life sub-menuCampus Life Living on Campus Housing + Dining Campus Resources Get Involved on Campus Visiting + Transportation Athletics + Recreation Montgomery Place Campus Current Students New Students Civic Engagement sub-menuCivic Engagement Bard CCE The Center for Civic Engagement (CCE) at Bard College embodies the fundamental belief that education and civil society are inextricably linked. Take action. Make an impact. Campus + Community In the Classroom U.S. Network International Network About CCE Support Get Involved Newsroom sub-menuNews + Events News + Events Newsroom Events Calendar Press Releases Office of Communications Special Events Family and Alumni/ae Weekend Commencement + Reunion Fisher Center + SummerScape Athletic Events Join the Conversation About Bard sub-menuAbout Bard About Bard College Bard History Campus Tours Employment Visiting Bard Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Sustainability Title IX and Nondiscrimination Board of Trustees Bard Abroad Open Society University Network The Bard Network Give Search Search Curiosity, idealism, engagement. Discover Bard Bard College Apply to Bard Request a Tour Support Bard A Private College for the Public GoodBard College seeks to inspire curiosity, a love of learning, idealism, and a commitment to the link between higher education and civic participation. Photo by Karl Rabe Academics Academics at Bard focus on giving students a strong scholarly foundation with our core curriculum, then encouraging them to explore individual academic interests. The College seeks to inspire curiosity, a love of learning, idealism, and a commitment to the link between higher education and civic participation. Close contact with scholars who are teachers but also active in their disciplines is a constant, and the level of academic discourse in the classroom is high. The College provides a beautiful setting in which students pursue their academic interests and craft a rich cultural and social life. View All Academic Programs Photo by Karl Rabe Civic Engagement Civic engagement is at the core of Bard College’s institutional mission, reflecting the fundamental belief that higher education institutions can and should operate in the public interest. Bard uses its resources to develop partnerships that address local, national, and global problems, reach underserved populations, and tackle critical issues of education and public policy. Visit the Center for Civic Engagement At Bard, We Show Up “At Bard, we show up. We build, paint, dig, teach, play, sing, sweat. We show up in the middle of the night, work in the rain, crawl under the car, whatever it takes. This does not mean erasing the self. It means struggling with the tension between self and collective interests, and then acting compassionately.”—Paul Marienthal, Dean for Social Action; Director, Trustee Leader Scholar Program Watch: Annie, a premed biology major at Bard, explores the Reem-Kayden Center for Science and Computation. Campus Life The focus of student life at Bard College, both inside and outside the classroom, is on campus. From its historic Hudson Valley setting to its state-of-the-art science and arts facilities, the College offers an idyllic environment where students can enjoy a rich social life interwoven with their cultural and intellectual pursuits. Learn More about Campus Life Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion We embrace plurality, respect divergent viewpoints, and are committed to understanding the rich spectrum of experiences that comprise our community. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) at Bard seeks to materialize our commitment to plurality, dialogue, and rigorous study. We strive to create a learning environment that upholds the College’s mission to meaningfully include the voices, works, and ideas of communities and cultures historically marginalized in liberal arts and sciences education. DEI Initiatives Photo by Chris Kayden Arts at Bard Bard College offers the best of both worlds: a traditional liberal arts college with exceptional programs in the fine and performing arts. In small classes taught by notable faculty, students work closely with top professionals in their fields. All students, whatever their major, are encouraged to take advantage of the same high-level arts instruction and engagement; the discipline of cultivating one’s artistic abilities has wide-ranging collateral benefits. Get to Know the Division of the Arts Bard News and Events Featured News Bard College Continues Switch to Geothermal Bard College has commenced construction of a new state-of-the-art geothermal heating and cooling project that will replace the aging, fossil fuel–fired system currently in operation in the Charles P. Stevenson Jr. Library and further progress the College’s mission-driven focus on sustainability efforts. “Bard College has been an early adopter of geothermal, with some systems on campus dating to the late 1980s. It is the default for all new construction projects, and nearly 38% of the campus building area utilizes the technology,” said Bard Energy Manager and Special Projects Coordinator Dan Smith. More > Bard College Receives $50,000 Grant from Teagle Foundation to Revise First-Year Seminar Curriculum around Civic Education Bard College has received a $50,000 grant from the Teagle Foundation to reimagine its First-Year Seminar (FYSEM) curriculum with an eye toward civic education and engagement in light of the upcoming 2024 election. The generous Teagle Foundation grant supports curriculum development, faculty training and workshops, and guest speakers for Bard’s 2024–25 FYSEM program, which will focus on civic education and examine the challenges and possibilities of a democratic political order. More > View All News >> Upcoming Events 3/07ThursdayBetween Power and Authority: Arendt on the Constitution and the CourtsMultiple Locations at Bard College3/08FridaySpring Dance Concert7:30 pm – 8:30 pm EST/GMT-5 Fisher Center, LUMA Theater3/08FridayOffenbach: Orphée aux enfers (Orpheus in the Underworld)8:00 pm – 10:00 pm EST/GMT-5 Fisher Center, Sosnoff Theater View All Events >> Discover More Graduate Programs Bard Early Colleges International Programs Centers and Institutes 30 Campus RoadPO Box 5000Annandale-on-Hudson, New York 12504-5000Phone: 845-758-6822Admission E-mail: [email protected]©2024 Bard College Information For: Prospective StudentsCurrent EmployeesAlumni/ae Families Quick Links EmploymentTravel to BardSite SearchSupport BardCOVID-19 InfoBard IT Policies & Security