Noodles & Company | Noodles, Pasta, and Asian Food Restaurant Skip to main content Our Mac & Cheese is now 50% cheesier. 🧀 Try the cheesy goodness today! Order Now Home Main navigation Home Menu Rewards Catering Careers About Our Food Fundraising Gift Cards Franchising Sign Up Log In Hi, !0 Points Find A Location Order Now The perfect bite in every bite.Order Now Your browser does not support the video tag. Your browser does not support the video tag. Our Menu Everyday Value Craveable Faves Classic Noodles World Famous Macs Asian Noodles Stuffed Pasta LEANguini View Full Menu Now 50% Cheesier Vegetarian Wisconsin Mac & Cheese Order Now $10.95 Limited Time Chicken Parmesan Order Now $10 Meal Deal $10 Mac & Cheese Meal Deal Order Now Vegetarian Spaghetti with Marinara Order Now Vegetarian Buttered Noodles Order Now Vegetarian Pesto Cavatappi Order Now Spicy Vegetarian Japanese Pan Noodles Order Now Vegetarian Pasta Fresca Order Now Spicy Vegetarian The Med Salad Order Now Spicy Gluten Sensitive Vegetarian View Full Menu Our Mac & cheese is now 50% cheesier.Because you can never havetoo much of a good thing. Order Now EVERY BOWL. EVERY TIME.Whether you’re ordering a Noodles fave or trying something completely new, we want your tastebuds to be your happy buds.So, if you don’t love your meal, bring it back and we’ll replace it. No questions. That’s our Goodness Guarantee. View Our Guarantee Rewards That Never Take a Day Off.The same Noodles Rewards that we know and love, now with a daily dose of Extra Goodness. Rewards Members get perks like freebies and discounts to use every single day. It’s the perks that keep on giving. Sign Up See Offers About Noodles & Company Explore Our MenuFrom Penne Rosa to Japanese Pan Noodles, our Med Salad to our world-famous Wisconsin Mac & Cheese, our menu is full of made-to-order, globally inspired noodle bowls and dishes. Our FoodCreating exceptional mealtime experiences – at a great value – is our passion. From traditional and contemporary dishes to our own culinary creations like premium stuffed Tortellonis and innovative LEANguini, our freshly prepared noodle and pasta recipes feature individuality, creativity and the flavorful flare of cuisines from around the globe. View Our Nutrition CalculatorAt Noodles & Company, our menu is filled with flavors sure to satisfy any craving and nearly every dietary lifestyle or preference. Whether you’re gluten-sensitive, vegetarian, counting calories or just counting on something delicious, we’re always serving flavors that satisfy the ways you want to eat. Use our Nutrition Calculator to find the customizations to meet your needs and goals.Impossible™ is a registered trademark of Impossible Foods Inc.; used under license. Footer menu About Locations Gift Cards Fundraising Goodness Guarantee Nourish & Inspire We Care Animal Welfare Executive Bios Foundation Real Estate Investor Relations Our Food Catering Eat Well LEANguini Zoodles Impossible Panko Chicken Mac Bar Franchising Why Noodles? What You Get Ideal Partner Criteria Markets Company Info Contact Us Careers - Apply Now Our Benefits W-2 Address Changes FAQs Newsroom Noodles Rewards Join Today © 2024 Noodles & Company. All Rights Reserved Legal Privacy Policy Reward Your Love of NoodlesBecome a Noodles Rewards member today and receive a free regular entree reward after your first purchase. Learn More Log In Sign Up Opt-In For Offers and DealsDon't miss out! Opt in to receive email offers and deals. Opt-In Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again or contact our guest care team. Start Your Order