Geek Feminism Wiki | Fandom Geek Feminism Wiki Explore Main Page All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Geek Feminism highlights TopContent List of Women Characters in Video Games RapeLay Media test T-shirts Toxic masculinity Featured articles Grace Hopper Celebration Supporting geek women Statement of purpose Getting girls into IT Women-friendly forums Nonsexist language Finding women Promotion to women Outreach to women in open source New to feminism? FAQ Introduction to feminism How to help feminism Supporting geek women Statement of purpose Getting girls into IT Women-friendly forums Nonsexist language Finding women Promotion to women Outreach to women in open source FANDOM Fan Central BETA Games Anime Movies TV Video Wikis Explore Wikis Community Central Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In FANDOM Explore Current Wiki Start a Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Sign In Register Geek Feminism Wiki 1,207pages Explore Main Page All Pages Community Interactive Maps Recent Blog Posts Geek Feminism highlights TopContent List of Women Characters in Video Games RapeLay Media test T-shirts Toxic masculinity Featured articles Grace Hopper Celebration Supporting geek women Statement of purpose Getting girls into IT Women-friendly forums Nonsexist language Finding women Promotion to women Outreach to women in open source New to feminism? FAQ Introduction to feminism How to help feminism Supporting geek women Statement of purpose Getting girls into IT Women-friendly forums Nonsexist language Finding women Promotion to women Outreach to women in open source Home View source View history Talk (55) Welcome to the Geek Feminism Wiki A resource for and about women in geek communities. 1,207 articles since May 2008 The Geek Feminism Wiki is in archival mode. New accounts are restricted from editing due to vandalism, and we do not have the volunteer labor available to whitelist new accounts and monitor activity. The content of the wiki (most of which was written between 2009 and 2012) likely reflects many undesirable biases, such as racism and ableism. We are keeping the content available as a community resource, but cannot update it, despite its flaws. You are welcome to fork and update content under the terms of the wiki's CC license. Communities Organizations Events Issues Resources All categories Wiki ContentsGeek Feminism Wiki FAQ | Feminism 101 | Myths | History Communities of geek women Recreational Medievalism | Cosplay | Demoscene | Atheism and skepticism | Hacker culture | more… Resources For allies | Guide for foul-mouthed feminists | Promotion to women | Creeper Move cards | Websites that identify harassers | more…. Organizations and events supporting geek women AdaCamp | WoMoz | WikiWomenCamp 2012 | Anarchafeminist Hackerhive | Girl Geek Dinners | more organizations and more events… Organizations and events supporting girls and younger geek women Go Girl, Go for IT | Digital Divas | So you think you can Engineer? | Girls' Programming Network | MIT Women's Initiative | more organizations and more events… Issues Free sexism consulting | Splaining | White Knighting | Slut shaming | Physical violence | more… Incidents Timeline of incidents | René and Readercon | BIGBOOBS constant | Feminist Frequency Kickstarter | Forking and dongles incident | more… Choose front page links See Meta:Front page links More All pages | All categories | Recent changes Geek Feminism blog posts Loading RSS data... Loading RSS data... Helping out Not sure where to start? If you are new to wikis, check out the tutorial. Adding content Every wiki has two list of articles that need help called "Stubs" and "Wanted Articles". Don't be shy, get in there. Uploading images is another really easy way to help out - see the Special:Upload page! You can find a list of useful templates on Category:Templates, some of which are documented on the templates project page. Talk and more... Check out the community portal to see what the community is working on, to give feedback or just to say hi. Categories Categories: Browse Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. More Fandoms Sci-fi Fan Feed More Geek Feminism Wiki 1 List of Women Characters in Video Games 2 RapeLay 3 Media test Explore properties Fandom Muthead Fanatical Follow Us Overview What is Fandom? About Careers Press Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Global Sitemap Local Sitemap Community Community Central Support Help Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Advertise Media Kit Contact Fandom Apps Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat. Geek Feminism Wiki is a FANDOM Lifestyle Community. View Mobile Site Follow on IG TikTok Join Fan Lab