Home - Crunchbase Solutions Find Prospects Find Investors Find Next Investment Market Research Enrich Your Database Build Your Product Products Crunchbase Starter Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Contact Data Data Enrichment Data Licensing Data Partners Resources About Us Crunchbase News Customer Stories Blog ROI Calculator Our Data Support Press Contact Us Pricing Start Free Trial Search Less. Close More. Grow your revenue with all-in-one prospecting solutions powered by the leader in private-company data. business,sales,team,revenue SEE PLANS Our Products Crunchbase Starter Search, track, and monitor companies you care about using best-in-class private company data. LEARN MORE Crunchbase Pro Find and close deals faster with relevant account recommendations, account qualification tools, and key integrations to streamline your prospecting. LEARN MORE Crunchbase Enterprise Power entire prospecting teams with access to account discovery, qualification, contact identification, and outreach tools. Plus, CRM integrations, unlimited exports, and hands-on support from our customer team. LEARN MORE Our Customers “Automated, outbound campaigns are only as effective as the list they’re targeting. With unique funding data and other insights, Crunchbase Enterprise is the best way for us to create targeted lists of newly-funded accounts that are ready to buy.” “Crunchbase Pro is a tool we can use to scale our lead generation process. To grow from 100 to 1,000 customers, we have to segment our prospect base, find similar companies and new niche markets to tackle. We couldn’t do this without Crunchbase Pro.” 75M annual visitors 4K+ venture capital firms 2K+ top news publications 75+ partners across sectors like B2B media, government and academia Our Data Crunchbase has best-in-class live data powered by our unique community of contributors, partners, and in-house data experts. Data is enriched, cleansed, verified, and updated daily to ensure our customers have the latest information on private companies. And, Crunchbase is SOC 2 Type II compliant. Interested in licensing Crunchbase data? TALK TO SALES Company Leadership Jager McConnell Chief Executive Officer Robert Conrad Chief Technology Officer Megh Gautam Chief Product Officer Marcus Lo Chief Finance Officer Neal Patel Chief Revenue Officer Kelly Scheib Chief People Officer Ready to Try Crunchbase? GET STARTED Stay Connected Crunchbase News Subscribe to the Crunchbase Daily Who We Are Company Careers Partners Blog Press Contact Us What We Do Crunchbase Starter Crunchbase Pro Crunchbase Enterprise Crunchbase Data Licensing Customer Stories Pricing Popular Links Latest Product Updates Featured Searches and Lists Knowledge Center Create a Profile Sales Intelligence Sales Prospecting Guide Sales Prospecting Tools Browse By: Organizations, People, Events Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editorial Partners: Verizon Media Tech © 2024 Crunchbase Inc. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Settings CA Privacy Notice Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info