Head Wraps, Bandies, Turbanettes, Turbans & Scrunchies | The Wrap Life Skip to content FREE U.S. SHIPPING WITH DOMESTIC ORDERS $75+ Close Main menu New ArrivalsExplore The Wrap Life's newest products Head Wraps→Our most versatile accessory, create new and traditional styles. ← Head Wraps Shop all Head WrapsOur most versatile accessory, create new and traditional styles. Printed Head WrapsDiscover pattern play with inspired prints. Pleated Head WrapsDelicate pleats create airy and voluminous styles. Now available with prints. Ribbed Head WrapsRibbed jersey provides superior stretch without compromising shape. Made In BrooklynOur best selling Standard Head Wraps in limited quantities Satin Head ScarvesA satin soft touch in original prints Sale Head Wraps Select & SaveCreate your perfect Head Wrap set and save up to 20%. View discount codes Head Wrap HistoryA complicated and beautiful record on how modern head wraps can to be. Continue reading Turbans→Easy styling with the protection of satin ← Turbans Shop All TurbansEasy styling with the protection of satin Premium Soft Lined TurbansBetter fit, better feel Satin Lined TurbansSatin-lined, slip it on in seconds. No styling required. Sale Turbans The Wrap Life AppAll your favorites at your fingertips. We’ve created a fun new way to shop for all your favorite Wrap Life products. Download the app Bandies→The perfect shape for creating a variety of headband styles. ← Bandies Shop all BandiesThe perfect shape for creating a variety of headband styles. Printed Bandies Made In Brooklyn Our bestselling, solid bandies and favorite printed bandies are restocked in limited quantities. Satin Lined BandiesDress up your hair with a smooth, satin-lined version of our beloved Bandies. Ribbed BandiesDeluxe ribbed jersey headbands for unbeatable comfort and texture play. Active BandiesA collection made to move with you. Sale Bandies TutorialsIf you’re not sure where to begin, we’ve got you. Watch tutorials Our StoryWhat else can we do, or how can we do this better? Discover more Hats→Shop prints, solids, and satin lined hats ← Hats SHOP All HATSShop prints, solids, and satin lined hats Satin Lined Printed Bucket HatsMeet your new favorite WL Bucket HatsYour go-to hat for all-day comfort while seeking the sun Cuffed Satin Lined BeaniesSatin-lined with a cotton-soft touch Sale Hats Headbands→Ready to wear, open turban headbands. ← Headbands Shop All HeadbandsReady to wear, open turban headbands. Satin Lined HeadbandsCaress your crown by admiring the smooth and supple feel of our Satin Lined Knotted Headband. Dainty TurbanettesProvoke your senses with an array of delicate turbanettes designed for effortlessness. Sale Headbands PressHow Nnenna Stella turned a hair accessory into a symbol of personal empowerment – Oprah Daily. Read more press snippets ArticlesCatch up on culture, thoughts, and happenings in our blog. Read more Scrunchies→Transform your everyday ponytail ← Scrunchies Shop All ScrunchiesTransform your everyday ponytail Satin ScrunchiesExude nostalgia everywhere you go GlossaryDo you know your Viscose from your Tencel or the difference between a Bandie and Turbanette? It's about to all be cleared up. Read more Shop All→Shop all our pieces in one place ← Shop All Shop All ProductsBrowse all WL products Printed Collection Shop All CollectionsShop products by collection Satin Lined CollectionOne collection for all your satin favorites. Made In Brooklyn CollectionReviving The Wrap Life's brand favorites with a limited-edition Allure CollectionWarm your wardrobe and inspire wonder with ALLURE Gentle CollectionCaress your crown by admiring the smooth and supple feel of our Satin Lined Knotted Headband. Harvest CollectionEmbellish this season with the warmth and allure of HARVEST. Dainty CollectionProvoke your senses with an array of delicate bandies and turbanettes designed for effortlessness. Aura CollectionBold colors, lush fabrics, and an intimate AURA – wear your mood. Flair CollectionHead wrap luxury and versatility at the tips of your fingers. Sale→New markdowns, up to 60% off ← Sale Bundle DealsDiscover the Perfect Bundle for you and your loved ones. Sale Head Wraps Sale Turbans Sale Bandies Sale Hats Sale Headbands TutorialsIf you’re not sure where to begin, we’ve got you. Explore→Tutorials, Blogs, About The Wrap Life ← Explore BestsellerShop Wrap Life's most popular products. Articles Catch up on culture, thoughts, and happenings in our blog. SetsCreate your perfect Head Wrap set and save up to 20%. The Wrap Life AppAll your favorites at your fingertips. We’ve created a fun new way to shop for all your favorite Wrap Life products. Our StoryWhat else can we do, or how can we do this better? Gift Cards More Unwrap Rewards More TW Twitter FB Facebook PT Pinterest IN Instagram YT YouTube New Arrivals Head Wraps Shop all Head Wraps Our most versatile accessory, create new and traditional styles. Printed Head Wraps Discover pattern play with inspired prints. Pleated Head Wraps Delicate pleats create airy and voluminous styles. Now available with prints. Ribbed Head Wraps Ribbed jersey provides superior stretch without compromising shape. Made In Brooklyn Our best selling Standard Head Wraps in limited quantities Satin Head Scarves A satin soft touch in original prints Sale Head Wraps Select & Save Create your perfect Head Wrap set and save up to 20%. View discount codes Head Wrap History A complicated and beautiful record on how modern head wraps can to be. Continue reading Turbans Shop All Turbans Easy styling with the protection of satin Premium Soft Lined Turbans Better fit, better feel Satin Lined Turbans Satin-lined, slip it on in seconds. No styling required. Sale Turbans The Wrap Life App All your favorites at your fingertips. We’ve created a fun new way to shop for all your favorite Wrap Life products. Download the app Bandies Shop all Bandies The perfect shape for creating a variety of headband styles. Printed Bandies Made In Brooklyn Our bestselling, solid bandies and favorite printed bandies are restocked in limited quantities. Satin Lined Bandies Dress up your hair with a smooth, satin-lined version of our beloved Bandies. Ribbed Bandies Deluxe ribbed jersey headbands for unbeatable comfort and texture play. Active Bandies A collection made to move with you. Sale Bandies Tutorials If you’re not sure where to begin, we’ve got you. Watch tutorials Our Story What else can we do, or how can we do this better? Discover more Hats SHOP All HATS Shop prints, solids, and satin lined hats Satin Lined Printed Bucket Hats Meet your new favorite WL Bucket Hats Your go-to hat for all-day comfort while seeking the sun Cuffed Satin Lined Beanies Satin-lined with a cotton-soft touch Sale Hats Headbands Shop All Headbands Ready to wear, open turban headbands. Satin Lined Headbands Caress your crown by admiring the smooth and supple feel of our Satin Lined Knotted Headband. Dainty Turbanettes Provoke your senses with an array of delicate turbanettes designed for effortlessness. Sale Headbands Press How Nnenna Stella turned a hair accessory into a symbol of personal empowerment – Oprah Daily. Read more press snippets Articles Catch up on culture, thoughts, and happenings in our blog. Read more Scrunchies Shop All Scrunchies Transform your everyday ponytail Satin Scrunchies Exude nostalgia everywhere you go Glossary Do you know your Viscose from your Tencel or the difference between a Bandie and Turbanette? It's about to all be cleared up. Read more Shop All Shop All Products Browse all WL products Printed Collection Shop All Collections Shop products by collection Satin Lined Collection One collection for all your satin favorites. Made In Brooklyn Collection Reviving The Wrap Life's brand favorites with a limited-edition Allure Collection Warm your wardrobe and inspire wonder with ALLURE Gentle Collection Caress your crown by admiring the smooth and supple feel of our Satin Lined Knotted Headband. Harvest Collection Embellish this season with the warmth and allure of HARVEST. Dainty Collection Provoke your senses with an array of delicate bandies and turbanettes designed for effortlessness. Aura Collection Bold colors, lush fabrics, and an intimate AURA – wear your mood. Flair Collection Head wrap luxury and versatility at the tips of your fingers. Sale Bundle Deals Discover the Perfect Bundle for you and your loved ones. Sale Head Wraps Sale Turbans Sale Bandies Sale Hats Sale Headbands Tutorials Explore Bestseller Shop Wrap Life's most popular products. Articles Catch up on culture, thoughts, and happenings in our blog. Sets Create your perfect Head Wrap set and save up to 20%. The Wrap Life App All your favorites at your fingertips. We’ve created a fun new way to shop for all your favorite Wrap Life products. Our Story What else can we do, or how can we do this better? Gift Cards More Unwrap Rewards More Search Search website Cart 0 items Free gift with purchases $75+. Automatically added to your cart. Free gift with purchases $75+. Automatically added to your cart. Free gift with purchases $75+. Automatically added to your cart. Free gift with purchases $75+. Automatically added to your cart. New Prints are in Shop Head Wraps and Bandies Hand-stamped, batik head wraps and stretch cotton bandies. Both feature original designs and an impressive fabric base. SHOP THE COLLECTION Discover Printed Collection New Head Wraps and Bandies From $20.00 Head Wraps Pleated, Ribbed or Printed From $13.00 Bandies Choose your style From $8.00 Turbans Get the full coverage From $18.00 Hats Embrace your favorite From $21.00 Headbands Stretch, open turban From $10.50 Scrunchies Exude nostalgia From $6.00 Winter Essentials Explore collection From $8.00 ​ ​ how to style batik If you’re not sure where to begin, we’ve got you. Using lightweight, pima cotton, your prints shine through on both sides. Go with the flow and create a new style. Browse more tutorials Elegant Bow Watch Tutorial Tight Knot Watch Tutorial Products Batik Printed Head Wrap in Dewi $32.00 16 colors Duo Printed Stretch Bandie in Dewi $40.00 $35.00 16 colors Batik Printed Head Wrap in Amisha $32.00 16 colors Duo Printed Stretch Bandie in Amisha $40.00 $35.00 16 colors Batik Printed Head Wrap in Siti $32.00 16 colors Duo Printed Stretch Bandie in Heritage $40.00 $35.00 16 colors Trio Printed Stretch Bandie in All Noire $60.00 $52.00 16 colors Trio Printed Stretch Bandie in All Sand $60.00 $52.00 16 colors ​ ​ UNWRAP Rewards from us to you Find out more SHOP ON THE GO The Wrap Life App Download now Shop more less Head Wraps Bandies Headbands Turbans Scrunchies Hats Gift Card Unwrap Rewards Save with Sets WL App Customer Service more less Contact FAQs Returns Shipping (Domestic) Shipping (International) Unwrap Rewards FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Service Explore more less Our story Tutorials Articles Appropriation Glossary Press Ambassadors Follow more less Tiktok Instagram Facebook Pinterest YouTube Signup for news and offersmore less To start you on your journey of exploration, we’d like to gift you 15% off your first purchase. Subscribe by EmailSubscribe by SMS Name Email Subscribe After signing up to our “15% off your first purchase offer” you will also recive further promotional email messages with offers, updates and other marketing messages. You understand and agree that The Wrap Life may use your information in accordance with its Terms of Service & Privacy Policy. *By subscribing, you agree to receive recurring automated marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) at the phone number provided. Consent is not a condition to purchase. Msg & data rates may apply. Msg frequency varies. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. View our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Thanks for subscribing! We'll send you a message shortly. Download our app Top ↑ App Store Google Play © 2024, The Wrap Life Inc. All rights reserved. Site by GP Item added to your cart Check out Continue shopping Your bag Cart 00 items Your cart is empty Continue shopping Spend $75.00 more to get free shipping Loading... Subtotal $0.00 USD Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout Update Check out Continue shopping Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.