The National Interest: Defense, National Security, Politics and More The National Interest Submissions Subscribe Advertising Contact About SearchSubmit Magazine BlogsThe Skeptics The Buzz Lebanon Watch Korea Watch Military Economics Technology Regions Subscribe Open Menu SearchSubmit Magazine BlogsToggle Sub MenuThe Skeptics The Buzz Lebanon Watch Korea Watch Military Economics Technology Regions Submissions Subscribe Advertising Contact About Subscribe to Magazine The National Interest: Defense, National Security, Politics and More Security Conflict in the Age of Fractured Publics Instead of high-intensity wars, countries may find proxy, information, cyber, and economic warfare as more attractive ways to sustain pressure on adversaries. by Timothy R. Heath Featured Articles War’s Silent Victim: The Environment by Alejandro Martín Rodríguez Congress Must Act to Deter Chinese Cyberattacks by Franklin D. KramerRobert J. ButlerMelanie J. Teplinsky Why the A-10 Warthog Retirement Is a Disaster by Dan Grazier Hamas’ Delusional War Propaganda by Rany Ballout Chaos In Chad by Wesley Alexander Hill Hamas’ South African Support Network by David May Lebanon Watch Is Washington Serious About Leaving Iraq? by Adnan Nasser What Will Hezbollah Do Next? by Adnan Nasser The Hezbollah Wildcard by Burcu Ozcelik View All Stories From Lebanon Watch The Buzz The Rise and Fall of the U.S. Navy's Littoral Combat Ships by Peter Suciu The U.S. Navy Almost Built CVV Medium Aircraft Carriers by Maya Carlin Japan Could Join the AUKUS Program by Peter Suciu View All Stories From The Buzz Paul Pillar Why an Israel-Saudi Deal Won’t Bring Middle East Peace by Paul R. Pillar The U.S. is Repeating Cold War Mistakes with Iran by Paul R. Pillar Israel, Palestine, and the “G-Word” by Paul R. Pillar View All Stories From Paul Pillar Techland War’s Silent Victim: The Environment by Alejandro Martín Rodríguez Congress Must Act to Deter Chinese Cyberattacks by Franklin D. KramerRobert J. ButlerMelanie J. Teplinsky U.S. Emergency Communications Are Vulnerable by Richard Weitz View All Stories From Techland Korea Watch The Real Reason North Korea Is Threatening War by Ri Jong HoDavid Maxwell Has North Korea Really Decided to Go to War? by Bruce W. Bennett Does North Korea Want a War? Study the Ukraine Conflict for Clues by Ralph A. Cossa View All Stories From Korea Watch Recent Stories The Gaza Dilemma: Israel's Complex Road to Victory Amidst Calls for Ceasefire Refugees in Gaza, Hezbollah’s looming presence in the north, and Hamas’ reckless defense pose difficult riddles for Israel's war effort by Seth J. Frantzman War’s Silent Victim: The Environment Efforts to address the environmental impacts of armed conflict have long been confined to academic and technical debates. New technologies can change that. by Alejandro Martín Rodríguez Congress Must Act to Deter Chinese Cyberattacks Following recent revelations about Chinese cyberattacks, Congress should take steps to ensure the integrity of critical infrastructure. by Franklin D. KramerRobert J. ButlerMelanie J. Teplinsky Conflict in the Age of Fractured Publics Instead of high-intensity wars, countries may find proxy, information, cyber, and economic warfare as more attractive ways to sustain pressure on adversaries. by Timothy R. Heath View All Recent Stories Most Popular 1 Conflict in the Age of Fractured Publics 2 Hamas’ South African Support Network 3 Hamas’ Delusional War Propaganda 4 The Gaza Dilemma: Israel's Complex Road to Victory Amidst Calls for Ceasefire 5 Chaos In Chad View All Popular Stories Latest Magazine Issue Showdown Over Ukraine In-depth analysis from Cliff Kupchan, Dominic Tierney, Robert David English, and more. Subscribe ConnectHome Magazine Blogs Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS TopicsSecurity Society Economics Global Governance Military Politics RegionsAfrica Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Jobs and Internships Advertising Submissions Permissions Masthead About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Jobs and Internships Advertising Submissions Permissions Masthead ConnectHome Magazine Blogs Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS TopicsSecurity Society Economics Global Governance Military Politics RegionsAfrica Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania National Interest Newsletter Email Address © Copyright 2024 Center for the National Interest All Rights Reserved Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy TwitterL FacebookF YoutubeX RSSR