UVA Today Skip to main content University of Virginia Logo Search News Enter the terms you wish to search for. Sections Search UVA Today Subscribe Sections Main navigation Main menu All News University News Arts & Culture Business & Government Research & Discovery Student Experience Home UVA Today Branding The Bigger Picture Faculty Spotlight Inside UVA Podcast UVA In The News Video Series Subscribe UVA Logo Featured Stories University News The Bigger Picture: A Record-Setting Night to Remember The UVA women’s basketball team closed out the regular season in style with an upset win over a rival in front of a record-setting crowd. University News How an Alumna Uses UVA Basketball To Teach Math to Kindergarteners Blending her passions for education and the Hoos, Tracy Koprowski is turning a Virginia Beach classroom orange and blue. Arts & Culture The Music Beat: Dan + Shay Put Heartbreak on the Map in Charlottesville The country-pop duo played John Paul Jones Arena on the second night of its tour. The Latest University News Text of UVA President Jim Ryan’s Statement to the Board of Visitors University News Ahead of Grand Opening, Board Renames UVA’s Main Library University News BOV Committee Approves Darden Student Housing Schematics Latest News View All University News Text of UVA President Jim Ryan’s Statement to the Board of Visitors University News BOV Committee Approves Darden Student Housing Schematics Student Experience The Music Beat: GWAR’s Shock-Rock Singer Takes UVA Degree Onstage Business & Government Q&A: Knowing When To Go: Mitch McConnell’s Senate Leadership Exit University News Ahead of Grand Opening, Board Renames UVA’s Main Library Research & Discovery There’s a Measles Outbreak in Florida. Here’s What You Need To Know University News $55 Million Gift To Benefit Athletics, Alzheimer’s Research Research & Discovery How To Beat the Winter Workout Blahs Most Popular University News Ahead of Grand Opening, Board Renames UVA’s Main Library University News $55 Million Gift To Benefit Athletics, Alzheimer’s Research University News UVA Expands Financial Aid Program for Virginia Families University News The Curious History of Dean Runk’s 18th Century Home and How To Stay There Research & Discovery Q&A: Amy Schumer Has Cushing Syndrome. What Is It? Student Experience The Music Beat: GWAR’s Shock-Rock Singer Takes UVA Degree Onstage Must Watch View All Student Experience 1:44 Love on the Lawn: A UVA Couple Shares Four Decades Together University News 3:02 UVA ‘Changed His Life Forever’: Longtime Facilities Manager Retires Student Experience 3:29 Darden Doctoral Student by Day, Stand-Up Comedian by NIght University News 6:37 Ryan: Spring Semester Will Be a Time for Learning, Growing, Celebrating University News View All ‘No One Should Live Like This’: Students Hear From Israeli, Palestinian Parents Win, Win, Win ... 24 Hours of Wahoo Bliss Starting with a swimming championship, relive the past weekend’s impressive run of UVA victories across many sports. The Curious History of Dean Runk’s 18th Century Home and How To Stay There Once a sprawling 300-acre property, Hollymead House has been lovingly restored to its glory years by a UVA alumna and her very handy husband. Series View All The Bigger Picture Inside UVA Join University of Virginia President Jim Ryan on his signature podcast for candid, open conversations cosponsored by the University’s radio station, WTJU. Faculty Spotlights Meet some of the extraordinary faculty members who call UVA home and learn more about what brought them here and what motivates them every day. Daily Report The latest UVA news, delivered to your inbox. The Daily Report is UVA Today's newsletter, delivered every weekday morning. Curated to keep you up-to-date on the latest UVA news, from breaking stories, leading research, upcoming community events and more. First Name Last Name Email Affiliation with UVA (select preferred) --Select Affiliation--StudentFacultyStaffParentAlumniFriend Leave this field blank Research & Discovery View All How To Beat the Winter Workout Blahs Q&A: Amy Schumer Has Cushing Syndrome. What Is It? ‘Magic Mushroom’ Calls Growing at Poison Centers New Research May Offer Relief to Migraine Sufferers UVA Medical Research Received Nearly $20 Million More From the NIH Last Year Must Reads View All Ahead of Grand Opening, Board Renames UVA’s Main Library The former Alderman Library has been renamed for the University’s fourth president, Edgar F. Shannon Jr. $55 Million Gift To Benefit Athletics, Alzheimer’s Research The family of two of the most generous UVA benefactors has committed to support University athletics and research into Alzheimer’s and related diseases. UVA Expands Financial Aid Program for Virginia Families Already the top-ranked public university for financial aid, the University is making AccessUVA even more accessible. The Curious History of Dean Runk’s 18th Century Home and How To Stay There Once a sprawling 300-acre property, Hollymead House has been lovingly restored to its glory years by a UVA alumna and her very handy husband. Q&A: Amy Schumer Has Cushing Syndrome. What Is It? After criticism about her body, the entertainer sought medical advice and was diagnosed with Cushing syndrome. A UVA expert explains the condition. Student Experience View All The Music Beat: GWAR’s Shock-Rock Singer Takes UVA Degree Onstage The veteran intergalactic rocker relies on his doctorate degree in music when crafting songs, storylines and explaining why the band exists. UVA Students Report Positive Climate in Classrooms for Diverse Perspectives Tens of thousands of survey responses show students feel comfortable expressing views in class and that faculty members are accommodating. Madison House Volunteers Get Back on The Bus To Tutor in Local Schools A pilot tutoring program at Madison House connects UVA volunteers to students in Albemarle County. They Learn Swahili. The Community Reaps the Rewards Students in UVA associate professor Anne Rotich’s Swahili classes learn the language and give back to Charlottesville’s Swahili-speaking community. She Played Soccer at UVA. Now She Plays Basketball – With Deaf Teammates How a UVA experience inspired an athletic alumna to follow the signs to the court and classrooms of Gallaudet University. Arts & Culture View All A Picture Can Tell a Thousand Words. These UVA Today Illustrations Prove It He Made a Phone That Plays Birdsong in 2016. Why is It Just Now Catching Eyes? Alumnus David Schulman made his creation after winning a local art-in-place grant. Try UVA Today’s interactive phone mockup. These Are the 6 Most Romantic Things at UVA These items in the University’s Special Collections celebrate love in all its forms. University of Virginia Logo YouTube X Facebook Instagram Linkedin Threads UVA About Us About Us News Releases Privacy Policy Contact © 2024 By The Rector And Visitors Of The University Of Virginia