Munich Personal RePEc Archive LoginCreate AccountAdmin Browse Advanced Search FAQ About Help Login Create Account Munich Personal RePEc Archive Browse Advanced Search Statistics Links FAQ About Help Left Right Welcome! This repository contains 57795 records and is intended to disseminate research papers of economists who want to make their work freely available through the RePEc network but are not affiliated with any institution that provides that furtherance. The work will be made available through EconPapers, Ideas and other services. MPRA accepts working papers and books in all languages, that is, contributions to economic research with a strictly academic orientation that are intended for later publication in a journal or book. MPRA accepts conference proceedings only if the individual contributions are submitted separately. MPRA accepts also electronic versions of previously published articles or books subject to agreement by the copyright owner. For software submissions, go here. If you have such a contribution, you are welcome to submit it. Publication will be subject to the approval of an editor. Go here for further instructions. Please note that most publishers allow pre-publication of articles submitted to their journals. Pre-publication gives you the copyright to the pre-print version which you would not obtain without pre-publication. (The copyright for the final version goes usually to the publisher. Such contributions cannot be deposited at MPRA without explicit permission by the copyright owner.) For a list and further links, go here. In doubt, check with your publisher. Search Latest Additions View items added to the repository the past week. Search Repository Search the repository using a full range of fields. Use the search field at the top of the page for a quick search. Browse Repository Browse the items in the repository. Help View our user documentation. Atom RSS 1.0 RSS 2.0 Contact us: mpra@ub.uni-muenchen.de This repository has been built using EPrints software. MPRA is a RePEc service hosted by . Munich Personal RePEc Archive Privacy Statement Copyright and Disclaimer