REA Israel - Christian Aid Agency - Rea -Israel.ch - Home Current Aid Services Imprint Contact Teaching messages Travel offerings 2024 Now donations Rundbrief No. 223 March 2024 Dear Israel -Freunde, Dear Better and Donor letter from Kurt Wenger on current topics in Israel ...We want to pray for peace for Israel and Jerusalem: «Requests for rescue and peace for Jerusalem!They should have peace and peace who love you!Quiet and peace, yes rescue in your fortresses, is safe calm in your apartments. »Psalm 122: 6+7 report on the victims of war in Israel!Thanks for your immediate help.Israel suffers, prays, waits for help, hopes for peace and fights for survival!As children are used by Hamas, Rea Israel Tour 2024 & worship dates video archive Rea Israel regularly performs word and research services as well as lectures.From time to time, there is an apprenticeship series with a guest speaker in several Swiss cities and regions.In May 2024, Johannes Gerloff from Israel will serve on the Word of God and in November 2024 Mike Chance from Germany will be our speaker.The current circular REA Israel Currently travel program 2024 Meir Panim Auxiliary Services, which are supported by REA Israel, donations donation letters, auxiliary services and current topics from Israel Dear Fundbrief reader, dear all -rounds, thousands of people have been supported by REA Israel in recent years - thanks to their donations!In 2023 the need was particularly great and so it is a miracle ... Auxiliary services that are supported by Rea Israel Aliyah - Armenia in Need - Be'ad Chaim - Café in Tel Aviv - Lechenzer - Figueras Yoyakim and Debbie - Refugee Aid inJordan - Community "Light of Life" - Grandpa Jack Center Jerusalem - Home for Holocaust surviving - War Sacher Aid - Living Israel and much more ... Be'ad Chaim Since Israel has been attacked by Hamas on October 7th, more than 250,000 Israelis have been fromevacuated to their apartments and towns.60,000 who lived in the communities on the border with Gaza experienced trauma and destruction.These people ... Aliyah the sons Manasses from Manipur, Northeast India of the almost 11,000 Bnei Menashe Jews were only able to emigrate to Israel about 5,000, while around 7,000 of them are still waiting for the emigration.But what is the oral history of the sons of Manasses?... Israeli's love hospitality Rachel Netanel was born in Jerusalem and comes from a religious Moroccan family.It has the ability to achieve Israelis in their language and culture with the message of the Bible.She invites you to empathize with great empathy ... Yad L 'Ami - helping hand for my people 2023 began with the aim of celebrating the 75th birthday of Israeli independence.But it will be entered into history as a year with the darkest moments of Jewish history since the Holocaust because on October 7th ... United Hatzalah-Motorcycle Ambulance In this incredible non-profit organization, it is a fully volunteering organization of theRescue service (EMS), which provides the fastest and free medical first aid nationwide.With more than ... the Hamas and the Gaza War on the prehistory - how did this catastrophe come about?- How can the situation be ordered spiritually?- Sacharja 9 can give us astonishing references to the current situation- to the author ... travel program 2024 holidays and cultural trips to Israel, Armenia ... REA Israel Christian aid organization for Israel we do what we say and we say what we do.Home The current circular. Travel offers Aid services supported by REA Israel meir Panim Actions - Reports - Letters Imprint E -Mail to Rea Israel Donate