B2B Marketing Automation Platform - Salesforce.com US Skip to content Learn more about Marketing Cloud Account Engagement at Connections, May 22-23. Save $600 when you register by March 8. Register Now. Marketing Cloud Account Engagement Grow revenue and scale customer engagement with B2B marketing automation software built directly into your CRM. Unite your customer data on one platform and scale efforts with AI. Watch demo What can you do with B2B marketing automation software? Drive efficient growth and align your teams with a B2B marketing automation platform. Deliver connected customer journeys and engage buyers across accounts. Lead Generation Create landing pages and forms fast using drag-and-drop builders. Segment leads at the point of capture, and send them on personalized, automated, cross-channel journeys. Using AI-powered lead scoring and grading, you can quickly nurture those leads for marketing qualification. Cross-Channel Journeys Engage prospects across every channel. Connect third-party webinar, survey, and SMS apps directly to your marketing programs. Trigger webinar and event registrations, survey sends, and SMS sends in your automated journeys. Connect engagement data, like third-party webinar, survey, and SMS data, for easy segmentation and campaign maintenance. Account-Based Engagement Discover and engage your best accounts. Target and nurture key prospects with the help of sales and service, by aligning on one platform. Let Einstein identify the accounts with the highest likelihood to purchase using key account insights. Track pipeline progress on target accounts using the Account-Based Marketing Dashboard, and use insights to refine your marketing and sales efforts. Align revenue teams on a single source of truth and close deals faster with AI. AI Scoring Take the guesswork out of lead and account scoring. With Einstein, you can leverage behavior to score and identify the leads most likely to convert, based on their interactions with your marketing efforts. Determine if leads match your ideal profile based on those who converted in the past. Let Einstein analyze key account data to help you find the accounts most likely to buy. Engagement History Insights Gain comprehensive insight into your prospects. Connect and share prospect and customer engagement data with sales and service teams. Analyze prospects' interactions with your marketing, and use that information to identify champions on the buying committee. Understand how leads are engaging with your marketing on the campaign, individual, and account level using dynamic dashboards Real-Time Sales Alerts Share insights around a prospect's key marketing interactions with sales and service teams. Alert sales teams the moment a hot lead fills out a form, or when the lead is ready to convert. Also, when a prospect is highly engaged, let sales and service know with automated, triggered alerts in Sales and Service Cloud, or directly in Slack. Optimize marketing performance and grow customer relationships. Full-Funnel Multi-touch Attribution Gain full-funnel marketing and sales insights with AI-powered Multi-Touch Attribution. Choose from multiple native attribution models like Einstein Attribution to gauge the impact of channels, events, and sales team activities on your pipeline. Boost campaign efficacy and ROI with AI-driven insights. Account-Based Marketing Dashboard Gain insights into revenue and pipeline for key accounts. Then, use those findings to see how account-based efforts are influencing targeted accounts, and optimize on what's working and what's not. Share what you discover with sales to further plan account-based outreach. Out-of-the-Box Analytics Understand how marketing impacts pipeline and revenue with a direct connection to Sales Cloud. See how marketing messages influence the prospect journey with A/B testing and out-of-the-box email reporting. Then, apply predictive analytics to those insights to make more strategic decisions and identify the campaign factors that will drive conversion. Extend the power of Marketing Cloud Account Engagement with these related products. Sales Cloud Set the foundation for revenue growth with Salesforce automation on the #1 CRM. Learn more Data Cloud for Marketing Activate your data, scale insights with AI, and unify all your data in a single customer profile. Learn more Marketing Cloud Personalization Automate dynamic offers for each customer in real time across each moment in the customer journey. Learn more Marketing Cloud Intelligence Optimize marketing performance and spend across every campaign, channel, and journey. Learn more View all products Marketing Cloud Account Engagement Pricing Find the right Marketing Cloud Account Engagement edition for your business needs. Growth Fuel growth with marketing automation. $ 1,250* USD/month up to 10,000 contacts billed annually Lead Nurturing and Scoring Engagement History Dashboards Campaign Reporting and Insights Contact us Plus Dive deeper with marketing automation and analytics. $ 2,750* USD/month up to 10,000 contacts billed annually Cross-Channel Journeys Multitouch and ABM Dashboards B2B Marketing Analytics Contact us Advanced Power innovation with advanced marketing automation and analytics. $ 4,400* USD/month up to 10,000 contacts billed annually Dedicated IP Address AI-Powered Capabilities Business Units and Sandboxes Contact us Premium Enterprise-ready features with predictive analytics and support. $ 15,000* USD/month up to 75,000 contacts billed annually Includes All Capabilities Premier Success Plan Increased Performance and SLA Support Contact us *All per month products require an annual contract. This page is provided for informational purposes only and is subject to change. Contact a sales representative for detailed pricing information. View detailed pricing Salesforce contributed to our ABM strategy with AI-driven analytics and rich data sources that helped us zero in on high-value business prospects. By identifying the most relevant target accounts, we could focus our marketing efforts on organizations that would benefit highly from our products. Kelli Meador Senior Manager, Marketing Operations, Grammarly Watch episode Stay up to date on all things marketing. Sign up for our monthly marketing newsletter to get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now Learn new skills with free, guided learning on Trailhead. Hit the ground running with marketing tips, tricks, and best practices. Analyst Report Learn why Salesforce has been recognized for our ability to execute and completeness of vision. Read the report E-Book Happier customers. Higher revenue. Get inspired with six successful B2B marketing campaigns. Learn more Guide Attract prospects. Build relationships. Deliver metrics that matter. Get the Guide Guide Learn all the essentials of account-based marketing in this interactive guide. Start the tour See all resources Ready to take the next step? Talk to an expert. Tell us a bit more so the right person can reach out faster. Request a call Stay up to date. Get the latest research, industry insights, and product news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for newsletter Marketing Cloud Account Engagement FAQ What is Marketing Cloud Account Engagement? Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is the only marketing automation platform built on the world’s #1 CRM. It helps companies grow revenue and scale buyer engagement by uniting customer data on one platform and scaling account relationships with AI. Whether you’re looking to execute on-demand generation or account-based marketing strategies, we've got you covered. What is B2B marketing automation software? B2B marketing automation software helps automate and streamline marketing processes and multifunctional campaigns across channels. It includes functionalities to manage and nurture leads, run targeted campaigns, align with sales to close deals, and track the effectiveness of marketing efforts. What are the benefits of B2B marketing automation platforms? The benefits of B2B marketing automation platforms are: Scaling buyer engagement across accounts Aligning revenue teams (marketing, sales, and service) to close deals faster Growing pipeline and proving marketing impact How can B2B marketing automation software help my business? B2B marketing automation software can help your business in the following ways: Generating and nurturing leads Driving marketing and sales alignment Prioritizing and converting qualified leads Managing marketing campaigns Executing on account-based marketing strategies Maximizing marketing ROI How can I choose the right B2B marketing automation platform? The right B2B marketing automation platform will: Integrate directly into your CRM Align revenue teams (marketing, sales, and service) Execute on multiple marketing strategies (e.g., broad-base demand generation and account-based marketing) What is Pardot? Pardot was part of Exact Target, which was acquired by Salesforce in 2013, and is the legacy product name for Marketing Cloud Account Engagement. They are the same product. Is Salesforce Account Engagement the same as Pardot? Pardot is the legacy name for Salesforce Account Engagement and is the same product as Pardot.