| Lapham’s Quarterly Jump to navigation Search form Search My Account Donate A magazine of history & ideas Donate Now About MagazineCurrent Issue All Issues Preamble Essays Voices in Time Contributors Charts & Graphs Conversations Miscellany Maps Quotes Blogs Roundtable Insight and analysis from renowned writers and thinkers. Déjà Vu Is history repeating itself? the Déja Vu blog investigates... Store Podcast Donate Events Current Issue Energy Volume XV, Number 2 | winter 2024 DONATE Preamble Power Outage By Lewis H. Lapham On the thermodynamics of history. More Essay Truth Actually By Tom Roston A tour through a century of climate-change documentaries. More Map Power Before Petroleum Wind, bones, and other historical energy sources View Miscellany The year 1816 became known as the “Year Without a Summer” because the previous year’s weeklong eruption of Mount Tambora, in Indonesia, clouded the sky with volcanic ash and sulphate aerosols, lowering the earth’s surface temperature for years to come. After thousands of horses either starved to death or were slaughtered for food, transportation and industry across much of Europe began to fail. Around 1817, Karl von Drais, a German nobleman, experimented with wheel arrangements and came up with his two-wheel Laufmaschine (“running machine”), an early precursor to the bicycle. Voices In Time c. 944 | Al-Fustat Ebb and Flow Following the water there and back again.More Voices In Time 1588 | Aquitaine Propensity to Sloth Michel de Montaigne loves to repose.More Contributors Charts & Graphs Elite Eaters High-energy diets. View Oil dependency is not just an economic attachment but appears as a kind of cognitive compulsion. —Peter Hitchcock, 2010 DONATE More EnergyGo to Issue Page > Lapham’sDaily Stay Updated Subscribe to the LQ Newsletter Subscribe to our mailing list Roundtable Lapham’s Quarterly Is on Hiatus By Lapham’s Quarterly But the American Agora Foundation is already planning for the future. More DÉjÀ Vu Monumental Mistakes 2023: Fitness instructor carves his girlfriend’s name into the Colosseum. c. 1850: Thompson of Sunderland makes his mark on Pompey’s pillar. More The World in Time Robert D. Kaplan Lewis H. Lapham speaks with the author of The Tragic Mind: Fear, Fate, and the Burden of Power. More play pause 00:00 00:00 Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. Lapham's Daily Lapham’s Quarterly Is on Hiatus Roundtable Connect Learn More About Masthead Press Audio Interactives Internships Contact Legal Outreach American Agora Foundation Principal Supporters Programs Janus Society Donate News & Events Decades Ball Stay in Touch Subscribe to Lapham’s Newsletter Subscribe to our mailing list