NIH Grants & Funding website | grants.nih.gov Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know U.S. Department of Health and Human Services(link is external) National Institutes of Health(link is external) NIH Grants and Funding Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Warning! This browser is not supported - Some features might not work. Try using a different browser such as Chrome, Edge, Firefox, or Safari. ☰ eRA | NIH Staff | Glossary | FAQs | Help Home About Grants Grants Process Overview Get Started Learn the Basics Plan Your Application How to Apply Prepare to Apply Write Application Submit How to Apply Video Tutorials Application Referral and Review Receipt and Referral Peer Review Pre-Award and Post-Award Processes Pre-Award and Award Process Post Award Monitoring and Reporting Forms Directory Information For Researchers Research Administrators Reviewers Small Businesses Foreign Grants Media and the Public NIH Staff Funding Find Grant Funding (NIH Guide to Grants and Contracts) Other Transactions Contracts Research Training and Career Development Loan Repayment Programs Extramural Diversity NIH Funding Strategies Find Funding NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts Report a Concern Policy & Compliance NIH Grants Policy Statement Notices of Policy Changes Compliance & Oversight Policy Topics Animal Welfare Animals in NIH Research Application Submission Policies Clinical Trial Requirements Communicating and Acknowledging Federal Funding Early Stage Investigator Policies Family-Friendly Initiatives Financial Conflict of Interest Foreign Interference Human Subjects Research Inclusion Policies Intellectual Property Policy Lobbying Guidance for Recipient Activities Natural Disasters NIH Funding Strategies Peer Review Policies and Practices Public Access Research Integrity Rigor and Reproducibility Sharing Policies Subawards Supporting a Safe and Respectful Workplace Report a Concern News & Events Latest News News Highlights "Open Mike" Blog Extramural Nexus Subscribe and Follow Listservs Social Media Events NIH Grants Conference and PreCon Events NIH Regional Seminars on Program Funding and Grants Administration OER Webinars NIH Loan Repayment Program (LRP) Contact & Engage NIH Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare Workshops & Conferences SEED Events (for the innovator community) On Demand Resources All About Grants Podcasts NIH Grants YouTube Channel eRA Videos About OER About the Office of Extramural Research OER Offices Immediate Office of the Director (IMOD) Office of Policy for Extramural Research Administration (OPERA) Office of Research Reporting and Analysis (ORRA) Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare (OLAW) Strategic Management and Contracts Office (SMCO) Office of Electronic Research Administration (eRA) Division of Communication & Outreach (DCO) Small Business Education and Entrepreneurial Development (SEED) Division of Biomedical Research Workforce (DBRW) Division of Human Subjects Research (DHSR) eRA NIH Staff Glossary FAQs Help Webinar 2024 NIH Grants Policy Updates Event has ConcludedOn-Demand Resources Now Available Join NIH experts as they share the latest policy updates and potential impact on your institution. Learn More How to Apply Guidance on preparing and submitting a grant application to NIH. Learn about required registrations, submission options, formatting rules, field-by-field form instructions, and submission policies. Find Grant Funding NIH offers funding for many types of grants, contracts, and even programs that help repay loans for researchers. Learn about these programs, NIH funding strategies, and more. Funded Research (RePORT) Access reports, data, and analyses of NIH research activities, including information on NIH expenditures and the results of NIH-supported research. How to Apply Find Grant Funding Funded Research(RePORT) Open Mike Blog News About Grants Navigate the NIH grants process. Grants Process Overview Get Started How to Apply Application Referral and Review Pre-Award and Post-Award Processes Forms Directory Learn More Policy & Compliance Learn about obligations of your grant award. NIH Grants Policy Statement Notices of Policy Changes Compliance and Oversight Select Policy Topics Popular Links Biosketch Other Support Learn More Information for... Find key resources just for you. Researchers Research Administrators Reviewers Small Businesses Foreign Applicants Media and the Public NIH Staff Learn More This page last updated on: August 29, 2022 Technical Issues: E-mail OER Webmaster Back to Top Contact Us E-mail Updates RSS Feed Podcast Twitter YouTube Search Help Downloading Files Disclaimer Older Versions of this Page Privacy Notice Accessibility HHS Vulnerability Disclosure FOIA U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Grants.gov USA.gov - Government Made Easy National Institutes of Health (NIH), 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 NIH... Turning Discovery Into Health