University of Otago Red X iconGreen tick iconYellow tick icon Skip to main content Current students Staff Alumni Library Contact Home Clear search Submit search Open search Close search Open menu Close menu Toggle submenu Ngā tauira o āpōpō Future Students Return to previous menu Ngā tauira o āpōpō Future Students Toggle submenu Future Students Return to previous menu Future Students Future Students Why Otago? Subjects About Dunedin Accommodation Entry requirements Fees and scholarships Key dates for applications Prepare to enrol Connect with us International students Postgraduate PHD programme Summer school Open days Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Otago MBA Health Sciences First Year University of Otago, Christchurch University of Otago, Wellington Toggle submenu Aka Ōtākou Learning and Teaching Return to previous menu Aka Ōtākou Learning and Teaching Toggle submenu Learning and teaching Return to previous menu Learning and teaching Learning and teaching Departments and schools Subjects and papers Qualifications Continuing education Distance learning Summer school Student exchange Academic integrity Scholarships Student grievances University communications Toggle submenu Information for future students Return to previous menu Information for future students Information for future students Enrolment Entrance requirements Fees guide Planning your degree Terminology Toggle submenu Postgraduate study Return to previous menu Postgraduate study Postgraduate study Diploma for graduates Graduate research Research Masters PhD Toggle submenu Information for current students Return to previous menu Information for current students Information for current students Exams Graduation Student Learning Development Textbooks Timetables Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Academic Key Dates Course Advice Services and Support Toggle submenu Rangahau Research Return to previous menu Rangahau Research Toggle submenu Research Return to previous menu Research Research DVC's welcome Our people at Research and Enterprise Research collaboration Research strengths Research highlights Research consultation with Māori Pacific Research Protocol About Performance-Based Research Fund Facilities and special collections Toggle submenu For researchers Return to previous menu For researchers For researchers Applying for research funding Funding opportunities Toggle submenu For postgraduate students Return to previous menu For postgraduate students For postgraduate students Graduate Research School Library services for research Otago Post PhD Research masters' Scholarships Toggle submenu Departments and schools Return to previous menu Departments and schools Departments and schools Otago Business School research Health Sciences research Humanities research at Otago Division of Sciences research Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Research Expertise For Students Research Awards Toggle submenu Māori ki Ōtākou Māori at Otago Return to previous menu Māori ki Ōtākou Māori at Otago Toggle submenu Māori at Otago Return to previous menu Māori at Otago Māori at Otago Mana whenua Te Ao Māori Rangahau Māori Kaimahi Tauira Toggle submenu Māori student support services Return to previous menu Māori student support services Māori student support services Māori Centre Māori Liaison Officers Māori Resources Collection Te Rōpū Māori Student Association Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Student Accommodation Scholarships Subjects and Papers Toggle submenu Pacific ki Ōtākou Pacific at Otago Return to previous menu Pacific ki Ōtākou Pacific at Otago Toggle submenu Pacific at Otago Return to previous menu Pacific at Otago Pacific at Otago Pacific Development at Otago Thinking of Otago? News and events Pacific staff Pacific research Kickstart 101 Contact us Toggle submenu For current students Return to previous menu For current students For current students Pacific Islands Centre Va'a o Tautai student support - Division of Health Sciences Pacific at University of Otago Wellington Student Learning Centre International Office Fiji Club Pacific Island Health Professional Students Association Samoan Students Association Tongan Students Association Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Academic Support Subjects and Papers Scholarships Student Accommodation Student Health Toggle submenu Te Whirika International Return to previous menu Te Whirika International Toggle submenu International at Otago Return to previous menu International at Otago International at Otago International strategy and partnerships Contact the International Office Information for Education Consultants Toggle submenu Future international students Return to previous menu Future international students Future international students Why choose Otago? Subjects and study options Entrance requirements How to apply Scholarships for international students International tuition fees Incoming Exchange and Study Abroad students Prepare for Otago Accommodation and living costs Visa and insurance Meet Otago in your country Chat with our current international students Toggle submenu Current international students Return to previous menu Current international students Current international students International student advisers Visa renewal and passports Insurance claims Student health Semester exchange for Otago students For all current students Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Key dates for new international students Search for papers Pathway and English Language Centre Student exchange partner universities Toggle submenu Mō Ōtākou About Otago Return to previous menu Mō Ōtākou About Otago Toggle submenu About Otago Return to previous menu About Otago About Otago Welcome History City and region Campuses and maps News and events Quick statistics Accommodation Otago Fellows University of Otago In Brief Toggle submenu Administration Return to previous menu Administration Administration Official documents Administrative resources Structure University Council and Committees Service divisions Policy database Otago's commitment to social responsibility Visitors' Centre Toggle submenu Departments and Schools Return to previous menu Departments and Schools Departments and Schools Otago Business School research Health Sciences research Humanities research at Otago Division of Sciences research Toggle submenu Careers at Otago Return to previous menu Careers at Otago Careers at Otago Working at Otago Living in NZ Toggle submenu Are you looking for... Return to previous menu Are you looking for... Open Days University of Otago, Christchurch University of Otago, Wellington Current students Staff Alumni Library Contact Ngā tauira o āpōpō Future Students Future Students Why Otago? Subjects About Dunedin Accommodation Entry requirements Fees and scholarships Key dates for applications Prepare to enrol Connect with us International students Postgraduate PHD programme Summer school Open days Are you looking for... Otago MBA Health Sciences First Year University of Otago, Christchurch University of Otago, Wellington Aka Ōtākou Learning and Teaching Learning and teaching Departments and schools Subjects and papers Qualifications Continuing education Distance learning Summer school Student exchange Academic integrity Scholarships Student grievances University communications Information for future students Enrolment Entrance requirements Fees guide Planning your degree Terminology Postgraduate study Diploma for graduates Graduate research Research Masters PhD Information for current students Exams Graduation Student Learning Development Textbooks Timetables Are you looking for... Academic Key Dates Course Advice Services and Support Rangahau Research Research DVC's welcome Our people at Research and Enterprise Research collaboration Research strengths Research highlights Research consultation with Māori Pacific Research Protocol About Performance-Based Research Fund Facilities and special collections For researchers Applying for research funding Funding opportunities For postgraduate students Graduate Research School Library services for research Otago Post PhD Research masters' Scholarships Departments and schools Otago Business School research Health Sciences research Humanities research at Otago Division of Sciences research Are you looking for... Research Expertise For Students Research Awards Māori ki Ōtākou Māori at Otago Māori at Otago Mana whenua Te Ao Māori Rangahau Māori Kaimahi Tauira Māori student support services Māori Centre Māori Liaison Officers Māori Resources Collection Te Rōpū Māori Student Association Are you looking for... Student Accommodation Scholarships Subjects and Papers Pacific ki Ōtākou Pacific at Otago Pacific at Otago Pacific Development at Otago Thinking of Otago? News and events Pacific staff Pacific research Kickstart 101 Contact us For current students Pacific Islands Centre Va'a o Tautai student support - Division of Health Sciences Pacific at University of Otago Wellington Student Learning Centre International Office Fiji Club Pacific Island Health Professional Students Association Samoan Students Association Tongan Students Association Are you looking for... Academic Support Subjects and Papers Scholarships Student Accommodation Student Health Te Whirika International International at Otago International strategy and partnerships Contact the International Office Information for Education Consultants Future international students Why choose Otago? Subjects and study options Entrance requirements How to apply Scholarships for international students International tuition fees Incoming Exchange and Study Abroad students Prepare for Otago Accommodation and living costs Visa and insurance Meet Otago in your country Chat with our current international students Current international students International student advisers Visa renewal and passports Insurance claims Student health Semester exchange for Otago students For all current students Are you looking for... Key dates for new international students Search for papers Pathway and English Language Centre Student exchange partner universities Mō Ōtākou About Otago About Otago Welcome History City and region Campuses and maps News and events Quick statistics Accommodation Otago Fellows University of Otago In Brief Administration Official documents Administrative resources Structure University Council and Committees Service divisions Policy database Otago's commitment to social responsibility Visitors' Centre Departments and Schools Otago Business School research Health Sciences research Humanities research at Otago Division of Sciences research Careers at Otago Working at Otago Living in NZ Are you looking for... Open Days University of Otago, Christchurch University of Otago, Wellington The University of Otago is ranked in the top 1% of universities in the world QS World University Rankings Nau mai, haere mai ki Te Whare Wānanga o Ōtākou Why Otago? Choose the University of Otago – ranked in the top 1% of universities in the wor... Subjects With over 140 subjects available to new students, one of the best things about O... Postgraduate study Choose from over 200 postgraduate subjects if you already have a university degr... Apply To Enrol Start your application here. Follow the steps on this page to apply to enrol at... Future students Visit website About Dunedin Dunedin is a student city with a 2-minute commute. The population of 130,000 inc... Accommodation The University of Otago is famous for its residential colleges and iconic studen... Entrance requirements Information about entry requirements for future students at the University of Ot... Fees and scholarships Information on what it costs to study – from tuition to accommodation – and how... Key dates for applications The due date for your application depends on the degree you’re applying for. Thi... Connect with us Supporting and advising school students at high school Prepare to enrol Learn how a degree works, understand common university jargon and what you need to enrol at the University of Otago. Find out more Life at Otago Māori Centre The Māori Centre Te Huka Mātauraka offers a home away from home for students of... Pacific Islands Centre Make the most of your time at the University of Otago. The Pacific Islands Centr... International The University of Otago offers international students a world-class research, te... Alumni & Friends The University of Otago Alumni Office. Services and benefits for alumni. Donate... Research at Otago Research at Otago features researchers' achievements, research expertise and advice, support for researchers and world leading facilities at the University of Otago. Find out more Latest News More news 05 Mar 2024 Study shares wāhine Māori birth experiences Improving the sometimes-devastating birth and post-natal experiences of wāhine M... 05 Mar 2024 Departing Fellow’s exhibition set to make a splash Being given the rare honour to develop her dream public exhibition is not lost o... 04 Mar 2024 Study provides rural perspective on COVID-19 vaccination rollout Health initiatives in rural areas need to be geographically tailored, culturally... 29 Feb 2024 Odours hasten mortality and reproductive ageing Sensory cues from the opposite sex can influence how animals age, a University o... 27 Feb 2024 Repeal of smokefree laws means thousands will die, researchers warn The repeal of Aotearoa’s world-leading smokefree legislation means thousands of... 23 Feb 2024 Rural New Zealanders less likely to be admitted to hospital – study finds Despite having poorer health outcomes than their urban counterparts, rural New Z... 21 Feb 2024 Half-price fares benefit people experiencing transport poverty – study New research from the University of Otago, Christchurch, has found reduced cost... 20 Feb 2024 University of Otago announces appointment of new Vice-Chancellor The University of Otago is pleased to announce the appointment of Former Deputy... Upcoming events All events 19 February – 08 March 2024 9:30am to 4:30pm Course advice and planning Location pin AskOtago Central Hub, Information Services Building (Central Library) 05 March 2024 12:00pm to 1:00pm Enhancing Clinical Trials through critical mass – learning from the UK Clinical Trials Unit example Location pin Hunter Centre, Room 1.22, and online via Zoom 05 March 2024 12:00pm to 1:00pm Biochemistry Seminar: Victor Zhong, PhD Candidate Location pin Biochemistry Seminar Room G.13 (BIG13) and via Zoom, Dunedin 05 March 2024 5:30pm to 8:30pm Musculoskeletal research: Mining the evidence base and innovating clinical trials Location pin Centre for Innovation, Dunedin campus and online via Zoom 05 March 2024 6:00pm to 8:00pm 2024 New Plymouth Alumni Function Location pin Devon Hotel, 390 Devon Street East, Strandon, New Plymouth 4312 06 March 2024 12:00pm to 1:00pm Precision medicine: matching disease mechanisms to treatment mechanisms Location pin Hunter Centre, Room 1.18, and online via Zoom 06 March 2024 1:00pm to 2:00pm Anna Leese, soprano. Final DMA Recital: 'Being Human Together' Location pin Marama Hall, University of Otago, Central Campus 06 March 2024 6:00pm to 8:00pm 2024 University of Otago Tauranga Alumni Event Location pin Charthouse, 72 Keith Allen Drive, Tauranga 06 March 2024 6:00pm to 8:00pm 2024 Tauranga Alumni Function Location pin Charthouse, 72 Keith Allen Drive, Tauranga 07 March 2024 5:30pm to 7:00pm Inaugural Professorial Lecture – Professor Gisela Sole Location pin Archway 4, Dunedin 07 March 2024 5:30pm to 6:30pm World Book Day lecture – Gavin Bishop Location pin Archway 1 lecture Theatre, Dunedin 07 March 2024 6:00pm to 8:00pm 2024 Napier Alumni Function Location pin The Crown Hotel Napier, Corner Bridge Street and Hardinge Road, Ahuriri, Napier Have a question? AskOtago Link for Matariki Network of Universities Logo Link for QS Logo Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Future Students SubjectsFees and scholarships Key datesApply to Otago Academic Divisions Otago Business SchoolDivision of Health SciencesDivision of HumanitiesDivision of Sciences About the university Residential collegesOtago University PressLibraryJobs at OtagoOUSA Need help? EmergenciesHuman ResourcesStudent Health Our communities Current studentsStaffAlumniMāori ki ŌtākouPacific at OtagoInternational students Campuses and maps Auckland CentreChristchurch CampusDunedin CampusWellington CampusInvercargill Campus What's happening NewsEventsSports and RecreationOtago Bulletin Board Contact Otago Staff A-ZPhonebook searchExpertise database Contact Otago | Search | Feedback | Glossary of terms | Copyright and disclaimer | Privacy | © 2024 University of Otago