Omni Hotels & Resorts | Book Your Stay OMNI Hotels and Resorts Menu Home My Reservation Member Number Status Nights to Next Level Free Nights 0 My Reservations Manage Account Re-book Sign Out All Hotels & Resorts Offers Dining Golf Spa Meetings & Events Meetings & Events Meetings Weddings Loyalty Loyalty Join Now Account Status Select Guest Member Benefits Member Tiers Select Planner Terms and Conditions FAQ All Hotels & Resorts Meetings & Events Meetings Weddings Dining Offers Loyalty Join Now Account Status Select Guest Member Benefits Member Tiers Select Planner Terms and Conditions FAQ Contact Us My Reservation Account Home #My Reservation #Select Guest This is a carousel with auto-rotating slides. Activate any of the buttons to disable rotation. Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate, or jump to a slide using the slide dots. Pause slide rotation Resume slide rotation Previous slide Spring Away Save up to 20% on spring break travel when you stay 2+ nights through March 31. Learn More Rewards beyond the room Join the new Omni Select Guest loyalty program to earn rewards for your entire stay including dining, golf and everything in between. Learn More Play the possibilities With 28 must-play golf courses and short courses, there are endless possibilities to enjoy the game your way. Learn More Solarbrate at 35,000 feet We’ve partnered with Southwest® Airlines for a chance to win a total eclipse experience. See terms and conditions. Learn More Next slide Make a Reservation Where are you going? Location results following this field will be filtered as you type. Selecting a state or city link will redirect you to a new page. Selecting a specific location will populate the book reservation tool. Please make a selection from the list below - (1 Night) I have flexible dates , , , Rooms To confirm more than 3 rooms, please call 1-888-444-OMNI (6664) and an Omni Hotels representative will gladly assist you Room 1 Adults In most circumstances, a 'child' is considered to be 17 years of age or younger. Some hotels make exceptions to this age. For those hotels a 'child' is any person who is 12 years of age or younger. In these cases, anyone who is older than 13 years of age will be considered an adult and will be charged the adult rate. To confirm more than 4 adults, please call 1-888-444-OMNI (6664) and an Omni Hotels representative will gladly assist you Children In most circumstances, a 'child' is considered to be 17 years of age or younger. Some hotels make exceptions to this age. For those hotels a 'child' is any person who is 12 years of age or younger. In these cases, anyone who is older than 13 years of age will be considered an adult and will be charged the adult rate. To confirm more than 4 children, please call 1-888-444-OMNI (6664) and an Omni Hotels representative will gladly assist you Children's ages In most circumstances, a 'child' is considered to be 17 years of age or younger. Some hotels make exceptions to this age. For those hotels a 'child' is any person who is 12 years of age or younger. In these cases, anyone who is older than 13 years of age will be considered an adult and will be charged the adult rate. Children's age is required Rooms may not hold 5 or more guests. You may need to change your request to multiple rooms with less occupancy to find available rooms. Special rates All Rates AAA Senior Discount (ages 55+) Government/Military Promo Code Corporate Code Group Code Select Guest® member? Use free nights Redeem your Select Guest free nights! If available, multiple free night certificates may be used for a single stay, however each certificate must be booked separately. Once your first reservation is confirmed you will be prompted to reserve additional nights on a separate reservation. Travel Agent Number Check AvailabilityBook Cancel Proceed Welcome to Omni At Omni, we believe that experiences matter and the joy of travel is rooted in an authentic connection to a place. When you walk through our doors, you immediately sense the warmth and friendliness that define us, making you feel right at home. Our new Select Guest loyalty program makes these experiences even more rewarding. Earn rewards on your entire stay, including dining, golf, shopping and spa treatments, at more than 50 unique destinations. We invite you to embrace a world of genuine hospitality, personalized service and elevated experiences that will leave you with memories that last a lifetime. Special Offers Discover the magic of travel with our special offers, designed to make your getaway truly memorable. Select from custom packages, unique offerings and exclusive savings that will make your vacation planning enjoyable. Previous card An Unexpected Escape Get the most out of your getaway. Save up to 20% on your stay when you stay two or more nights through March 31. Book Now Eyes on the skies Marvel at the total solar eclipse on April 8. Enjoy early check-in, late checkout, custom Omni eclipse glasses and an eclipse-themed treat upon arrival. Select locations only. Book Now PGA Tour Package Official Hotel Partner of the PGA TOUR® Discover destinations across the Omni Golf collection, a $100 resort credit and limited-edition PGA TOUR branded amenities. Book Now Next card View More FEATURED DESTINATIONS View All Hotels & Resorts With over 50 destinations from coast to coast, we strive to be more than just a place to stay, but an experience you won't forget. Our hotels and resorts across the US and Canada boast 28 must-play golf courses and short courses, award-winning spas, signature restaurants, breathtaking vistas and city views. Your Omni journey begins here. Discover the perfect getaway for you. This is a carousel. Use the Next and Previous buttons to navigate. Previous card Austin | Texas Austin | Texas Whether you’re seeking an exciting nightlife, live music, or the best in Texas cuisine, you’ll find just what you’re looking for at this downtown Austin hotel. ​ Atlanta | Battery Atlanta | Battery Just outside our doors, explore Truist Park, home to the Atlanta Braves, or enjoy live music and exciting cuisine at The Battery – a one-of-a-kind hub, blending sports, music, dining, and more into one delightful destination.​ San Antonio | Texas San Antonio | Texas Nestled along the historic River Walk in downtown San Antonio, Omni La Mansión del Rio allows you to easily explore the city’s most beloved attractions. DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE Experience the charm and vibrancy of Music City from our downtown destination. Adjacent to the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, this is your perfect homebase for live music and trendy restaurants.​ Charlotte | North Carolina Charlotte | North Carolina Stunning skyline views await your arrival in downtown Charlotte. Venture to our urban oasis and discover creative cocktails, a dazzling rooftop terrace and more. Downtown Boston Downtown Boston In the heart of historic Boston, Omni Parker House stands as a legendary symbol. This charming and elegant hotel is aptly located along the Freedom Trail for you to easily discover the storied history of New England.​ PGA Frisco | Texas PGA Frisco | Texas At the heart of modern golf culture, this Texas resort delights from tee time to cocktail hour. Balance your golf getaway with four heated pools, rejuvenating spa treatments and inventive fare at 13 onsite dining destinations. ​ Grove Park Inn | Asheville Grove Park Inn | Asheville Take in the majesty of the winter season at this historic hideaway. Stay warm by the crackling wood-burning fireplace in the Great Hall or relax at our cavernous spa. ​ Tempe | Arizona Tempe | Arizona Just a short walk to the ASU campus, this contemporary destination features four dining outlets, a spacious rooftop pool deck and expansive views of the Arizona cityscape. Rancho Las Palmas | Palm Springs Rancho Las Palmas | Palm Springs Experience the magic of Omni Rancho Las Palmas and Palm Spring's breathtaking snow-capped mountains and majestic purple skies. Here, you’ll find activities for the whole family, such as tennis, a water park, championship golf and a world-class spa.​ Next card Enriching Experiences We aspire to bring a sense of adventure and enrichment to your every day through culinary innovations, one-of-a-kind events, distinctive programs and engaging activities. At Omni, we believe that experiences matter and special moments shared can leave lasting memories and inspire you to return year after year. This is a carousel. Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate, or jump to a slide using the slide dots. Previous card Beachfront Bliss Walk along the surf, ride boogie boards through the shallows or discover the delicate waterfront ecosystem of Omni’s beach resorts. Learn More Flavors of Paso Robles Available for a limited time, explore our chef-curated menu and experience the flavors of the innovative Paso Robles wine region. Learn More Blissful Retreats A trip that will leave you truly rested. Treat yourself to soothing massages and revitalizing body treatments at Omni’s spas. Read More Urban Adventures See the country’s most dynamic cities and stay in the center of it all. From museums to theaters to nightlife, step into the energy of vibrant destinations from coast to coast. Learn More Mountain Bliss Explore the slopes or glide cross country. Discover trails glittering with fresh snow together this season. Learn More Next card Phone: 888-444-6664 More Contact Options Gift Cards Media Center Travel Agents Careers About Omni Hotels Blog Select Guest® Learn more about our loyalty program and enjoy exclusive benefits including free nights, exclusive discounts and more. Join Now © 2024 Omni Hotels & Resorts. All Rights Reserved. For reservation inquiries, please call 888-444-6664. If using a screen reader and having problems with this website, please call 866-703-8446 for assistance. Accessibility Sitemap Terms Privacy Policy Do Not Share My Personal Data Privacy Preference Center Reservation FAQ Book direct to get the best rates on our rooms!