Chicago Web Design and Digital Marketing Agency | Orbit Media Skip to Main Content Web Design & DevelopmentWebsite OptimizationPortfolioBlogAbout Company OverviewDesigning, building, and supporting the web since 2001. Find out why.Our TeamWe’re 50+ strong across design, development, project management, strategy, and website optimization.EventsCareersContent ChemistryChicago CauseB CorpAwards Contact Web Design & Development Website Optimization Portfolio Blog AboutExpand Sub LinksCollapse Sub Links Company Overview Our Team Events Careers Content Chemistry Chicago Cause B Corp Awards Contact How Can We Help? Let’s Talk! (773) 348-4581 Web design, development, & optimization Award-winning digital marketing and web design agency Get a website that works for you. Our digital marketing agency will design a site that is easy to update, drives conversions and captures your unique story. Show me the web design portfolio Recent web design and web development projects Andy Crestodina, Cofounder, Orbit Media Digital marketing is a test of empathy Andy gives a quick walk-through of how we use data-driven empathy to create a website you and your visitors love. Hear me out, it won’t take long! Partner with a digital marketing agency that’s designed and developed over 1000+ websites We have worked with companies in your industry and have over 20 years of expertise in digital marketing, web design and development. Our digital marketing strategy and optimization services give us a perspective other creative agencies can’t offer. Research & competitive analysis UX & content marketing strategy Website content writing & migration Design & visual storytelling Website development & hosting Search engine optimization (SEO) and conversion optimization Browse Orbit’s Portfolio We’re focused on creating exceptional work for clients Diane Yetter, Founder of Sales Tax Institute What it’s like working with the Orbit team “We have a very data-intensive website. We were looking for better ways to make the information and resources that we offer to our users much more accessible. Orbit has a great process and great team members. Our business is not one that people want to learn about. The Orbit team wanted to understand who our customers were, what they’re looking for and what we offer.” “They have a great process and great team members.” Meet your web design and optimization team, the Orbiteers A team of in-house web design, web development and optimization experts. Nothing is outsourced. Our digital marketing services focus is on SEO driven website design, development and optimization. We have one purpose; build beautiful high-performing websites that generate leads. Digital StrategistsAlign business and visitor goals with content, features, and measurable outcomes. Project ManagersMonitor website project timelines and provides a dedicated communication resource. Web DesignersCollaborate with you to design a smooth experience and a visual extension of your brand. Content SpecialistsIdentify your goals, investigate assets, and write content that tells your story. Web DevelopersBuild and integrate the features that ensure functionality and easy, efficient future updates. Website traffic tripled! We more than tripled site traffic after our website redesign and we’ve been partnering with those web nerds ever since. Shopping cart abandonment is down, sales are up. HOT DOG! Carrie BodmanDirector of Marketing, Vienna Beef Optimize your website for higher conversions Friction kills leads. Our SEO and CRO strategy enhance your website to improve leads and increase conversions. Drive demand and increase leads with a website aligned to visitor psychology. If things are hard to find or your site is hard to navigate, people leave. Help visitors find what they want and what you want them to see. A conversion-oriented approach includes: Strategic sitemap & navigation Layouts with calls to action User experience (UX) analysis Conversion-oriented copy When your website makes it easy for people to meet their goals (information), it’s far more likely that you’ll meet your goals (demand). Data and AnalyticsFind performing pages, migrate, and preserve. Keyword researchTest, edit and refine for SEO and new opportunities. Interview & investigateIdentify user needs, messaging, and brand story. A data-driven web design and development company A better website starts with research. Curiosity is our starting point. We then launch into a thorough qualitative and quantitative investigation. Our websites are built to rank. We perform keyword research, review analytics, use heat maps and eye-tracking technology. We identify current keyword rankings and capture new SEO opportunities for your brand. At the same time, we interview you, the stakeholders and your audience. We perform competitive research. We listen and inquire, asking questions to understand your story. A digital web design agency that is 100% website focused The fact that Orbit specializes in website design and development was a huge advantage in our experience. We’ve previously worked with agencies who said they could do 100 things and website design was just one of them. And it showed! Lindsey PowellDirector of Marketing, Society of Gynecologic Oncology Update your messaging with powerful storytelling Is your messaging out of date? Your website is an extension of your brand. It should reflect how you see yourself today. Website design and content go hand-in-hand to tell your story. With insights gathered during our discovery, we craft content that captures your message, voice, and tone. Then we work with you to develop a beautiful website, a digital version of your brand. Develop brand conversion guides with messaging Ideate brand messaging and content strategy Gather and create assets, logos, iconography and brand standards Collaborate with you to design a site you love By joining vision to story, websites appeal to your visitors and compel them to take action. Edit any page in seconds Website updates should be super simple. Your new website will be developed specifically for your content and preferred processes. It will be easy for you on the backend and easy for your visitors on the frontend. Handle formatting, placement, permissions, and workflow Manage assets and automatically optimize images Transfer in content from other sources “We will build your site so you can drive it yourself.” That line is from our website in 2001. That’s how long we’ve been developing easily managed websites. Website design is a thousand tiny decisions That’s why launching a website is just the beginning. Each decision has a specific impact. Each impact has a measurable result. Each result can be improved. Gather accurate data through careful set-up of filters, goals, and funnels. Manage tracking codes from anywhere using Google Tag Manager Analyze regularly-delivered reports and dashboards Respond to post-launch data to improve results Enhance and optimize to continue success Digital marketing is based on data. We turn data into insights and insights into high-performing websites, designed to tell your story and create measurable results for your business. What if I’m not 100% sure what I want? That’s understandable. Priorities shift during the process. What you need from your web design company changes throughout the process and over time. We know this from our direct experience with over 1000 projects and clients. While your goals are ever-present, your focus will shift as the web design process helps you redefine objectives. That’s to be expected. We adapt. Visual design, beauty, and brand Easy management, functionality, results, and ROI Care, service, collaboration, and responsiveness The journey might change, but the end result is always a website you love. Best decision in 25 years of business Without question, choosing Orbit to design and develop our website was the best business decision I’ve made in 25 years of being in business. Jim SteinFounder , The Road Less Traveled What digital marketing services are right for you? At the end of the day we want to make the internet a better place with websites that inform and convert. It’s our mission. We want you to love your website again. Reach out to Chris Join over 16,000 people who receive web marketing tips every two weeks Email Address(Required) PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Sign me up Δ By signing up you agree to our Privacy Policy. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Chicago Community Member We strive to educate and collaborate with like-minded businesses to make a difference environmentally and socially. Together we can make an impact. Learn About Our BCorp Values › Orbit HQ 4043 N Ravenswood Ave Suite 316 Chicago, IL 60613 (773) 348-4581 Message Us › Privacy Policy Sitemap Accessibility Support © 2024 Orbit Media Studios