Payment processing: Accept payments anywhere | Authorize.net Skip to login Skip to content MENU Payments Resources Support Developers Pricing Payments Payments Accept payments online, at retail locations, or via mobile devices. Learn more Online payments Process payments manually, on your website, or through a mobile app. eCheck payments Accept electronic check payments from your customers. Virtual point of sale Connect a compatible card reader to your computer to accept payments in person. Mobile payments Accept payments from customers using mobile devices. Phone payments Accept manual orders quickly and securely with our Virtual Terminal. Monthly billing Get easy-to-use tools for managing your ongoing billing needs. Resources Resources Read our blog, learn how payments work, or find a partner to help you set up payment processing. Learn more Our features Payment solutions that help you run your business and protect your customers. Blog Get tips for running your business, find support information, or check out our customer success stories. How payments work Three basic steps in the credit card processing cycle, made easier with us. eCommerce guide Learn about the building blocks of a successful online business. Find a partner Our experienced partners can build a customized solution or help you get started. Become a partner Earn commissions by selling our products or build integrated solutions using Authorize.net. Support Developers Pricing Search Sign in Merchants Partners Sign up now Search Search Accept payments anytime, anywhere Accept credit cards, contactless payments, and eChecks in person and on the go. Contact us to learn more by calling 1-888-323-4289. Get started Offer these payment types to your customers eCommerce Offer your customers a variety of payment options online. eCheck Accept electronic check payments from your customers. Phone payments Submit manual orders quickly and securely with our Virtual Terminal. Mobile payments Accept payments from customers using mobile devices. Point of sale Connect a compatible card reader to your computer and begin accepting payments. Billing Get easy-to-use tools for managing your ongoing billing needs. Sign up now Learn how payments work Curious about the payments process? Learn what happens when your customers swipe or enter their card to how the money reaches your account. See how card payments work Award-winning support Get free support with real people, 24/7. Visit Support Center We can help you get paid Offer the payment types your customers prefer. Accept payments today Making recurring billing quick and easy for your business For business owners, scaling your business and managing that growth effectively is always top priority. The good news is, if your business operates on a subscription-based model, there are tools available that offer an easy way to automate and simplify payments. Read blog We earned The Strawhecker Group Award Authorize.net was named "Best API Integration" two years in a row. Visit Developer Center Partner program Authorize.net's partner program is designed to help your business grow. Become a partner All brand names, logos and/or trademarks are the property of their respective owners, are used for identification purposes only, and do not necessarily imply product endorsement or affiliation with Authorize.net. Ready to start accepting payments? Get started Company About us Blog Visa Cybersource Payments Online payments Mobile payments eCheck payments Virtual point of sale Resources Our features How payments work Become a reseller Sitemap Connect Facebook YouTube Twitter LinkedIn dsa Privacy Terms of use Intellectual property rights Cookie policy Data Processing Agreement © 2018-2024. Authorize.net. All rights reserved. All brand names and logos are the property of their respective owners, are used for identification purposes only, and do not imply product endorsement or affiliation with Authorize.net. Open in a new window