Binder 🤍 Donate to mybinder.org! Thanks to OVH, GESIS Notebooks and Curvenote for supporting us! 🎉 mybinder.org has updated the base image to Ubuntu 22.04! See the upgrade guide for details. Turn a Git repo into a collection of interactive notebooks Have a repository full of Jupyter notebooks? With Binder, open those notebooks in an executable environment, making your code immediately reproducible by anyone, anywhere. New to Binder? Get started with a Zero-to-Binder tutorial in Julia, Python, or R. Build and launch a repository GitHub repository name or URL GitHub GitHub Gist Git repository GitLab.com Zenodo DOI Figshare DOI Hydroshare resource Dataverse DOI Git ref (branch, tag, or commit) Path to a notebook file (optional) File File URL launch Copy the URL below and share your Binder with others: Fill in the fields to see a URL for sharing your Binder. Expand to see the text below, paste it into your README to show a binder badge: Failed. Try refreshing this page in a few seconds. Waiting Already built! Building Pushing Launching Build logs show view raw How it works 1 Enter your repository informationProvide in the above form a URL or a GitHub repository that contains Jupyter notebooks, as well as a branch, tag, or commit hash. Launch will build your Binder repository. If you specify a path to a notebook file, the notebook will be opened in your browser after building. 2 We build a Docker image of your repositoryBinder will search for a dependency file, such as requirements.txt or environment.yml, in the repository's root directory (more details on more complex dependencies in documentation). The dependency files will be used to build a Docker image. If an image has already been built for the given repository, it will not be rebuilt. If a new commit has been made, the image will automatically be rebuilt. 3 Interact with your notebooks in a live environment!A JupyterHub server will host your repository's contents. We offer you a reusable link and badge to your live repository that you can easily share with others. questions?join the discussion, read the docs, see the code