AssistiveWare - What will you say? Skip to main content (press enter) Menu Home Products Support Online Training Learn AAC Blog AAC for everyone - What will you say? Everyone has something to say. Working closely with the Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC) community, we build apps and share best practices to help you communicate with the world. Announcing Proloquo's latest update Proloquo 4.0 revolutionizes AAC by supporting users' language development from toddlerhood to adulthood. Learn More Otter's Journey: Discovering language with Proloquo Watch the story of Otter - a curious, non-speaking young explorer, as he begins to navigate the world of language with the AssistiveWare Proloquo AAC app. What is AAC? Find out more about Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC), and how to support people who cannot rely on speaking. Find Out More About AAC AssistiveWare proudly supports “This Is Not About Me” Autistic and non-speaking. Stuck in an educational system that has given up on you. Restrained or rewarded with candy. This is Jordyn Zimmerman’s story and it is shared by so many other students. This is why AssistiveWare is a proud supporting partner of the film This Is Not About Me. Read More You might also like Blog Teaching with core words: building blocks for communication Core words make up the majority of everything we say. AAC systems use core words to allow non-speaking people to communicate. Read on to learn more on how to teach core words. 7 minute read Read more Blog Getting started with Proloquo2Go New to Proloquo2Go? Click here to learn more about setting up the app, core words, modeling, and more. 4 minute read Read more Blog Gestalt Language Processing Gestalt Language Processing is getting a lot of buzz in the field of AAC. AssistiveWare Support Team member and part-time AAC user Lily Konyn dives deeper into what it means and, most importantly, how it might influence our AAC tools and supports. 5 minute read Read more Search Popular products Proloquo and Proloquo Coach Proloquo2Go Proloquo4Text Support Proloquo and Proloquo Coach Proloquo2Go support Proloquo4Text support Footer Navigation About us Events Press room Social media Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Receive our newsletter Stay up to date with news from AssistiveWare E-mail address Language English Español Français Nederlands English Español Français Nederlands Copyright 2024 AssistiveWare B.V. All rights reserved Legal AssistiveWare - Privacy Statement