Welcome to The American Presidency Project | The American Presidency Project Skip to main content The American Presidency Project About Search Toggle navigation Documents Guidebook Category Attributes Statistics Media Archive Presidents Analyses GIVE Perspective on Biden's Solo News Conferences The American Presidency Project Non-profit and non-partisan, the APP is the source of presidential documents on the internet. We are hosted at the University of California, Santa Barbara. 162,599 Presidential and Non-Presidential Records Simple Search of Our Archives # per page 5102550100 Apply advanced search › Today in History March 05, 1841 William Henry Harrison Special Message To the Senate of the United States: I hereby withdraw all nominations made to the Senate on or before the 3d instant and which were not definitely acted on at the close of its session on that day. W.H. HARRISON. more The American Presidency Project is the only free online searchable database including all of: Donald Trump's Twitter 2015-2021 The Messages and Papers of the Presidents: 1789-1929 The Public Papers of the Presidents: since 1929 The Weekly Compilation of Presidential Documents: 1977-2009 The Daily Compilation of Presidential Documents: post-2009 Our archives also contain data related to Midterm Elections, U.S. Party Platforms (from 1840), Statements of Administration Policy, White House Press Briefing Transcripts, Presidential Debate transcripts. Visit our Documents and Statistics to learn more. Fine Work! And Relies on the APP! Peter Baker and Susan Glasser, The Divider: Trump in the White House In The Divider: Trump in the White House, Baker and Glasser argue that Trump was not just lurching from one controversy to another; he was learning to be more like the foreign autocrats he admired. Statistics Three questions for any Presidential Thanksgiving Proclamation: Does it refer to God or a Supreme Being? 2. Does it recount Thanksgiving history? Include American Indians? 3. What reasons are given for giving thanks? more We deeply appreciate our generous supporters! You can join their ranks! Special thanks go to: Sandy Otellini Marilyn Lee* & Harvey Schneider (* UCSB Alumnus and UCSB Foundation Board Member) See all donors Give Now Analyses all analyses President's Day? Washington's Birthday? Historical Notes February 16, 2020 The Federal holiday is Washington's Birthday! Interpreting the Thanksgiving Proclamation (2023) November 19, 2023 Three questions for any Presidential Thanksgiving Proclamation: Does it refer to God or a Supreme Being? 2. Does it recount Thanksgiving history? Include American Indians? 3. What reasons are given for giving thanks? Featured Video Top 10 The Ten Most Viewed Presidential Documents 1 Executive Order 14067—Ensuring Responsible Development of Digital Assets Joseph R. Biden 2 Executive Order 13848—Imposing Certain Sanctions in the Event of Foreign Interference in a United States Election Donald J. Trump 3 Message of Congratulations to President-Elect Georges Pompidou of France. Richard Nixon 4 Executive Order 13818—Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Rights Abuse or Corruption Donald J. Trump 5 Tweets of January 6, 2021 Donald J. Trump 6 Abraham Lincoln Event Timeline Abraham Lincoln 7 Executive Order 11110—Amendment of Executive Order No. 10289 as Amended, Relating to the Performance of Certain Functions Affecting the Department of the Treasury John F. Kennedy 8 Tweets of June 8, 2018 Donald J. Trump 9 Farewell Address George Washington 10 Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT: President Trump's Policies Have Delivered For Black Americans Donald J. Trump The American Presidency ProjectJohn Woolley and Gerhard PetersContact Twitter Facebook Copyright © The American Presidency ProjectTerms of Service | Privacy | Accessibility