Full Stop | Reviews. Interviews. Marginalia. Full Stop About Reviews Interviews Features Blog Quarterly Support Us Twitter Facebook Instagram About Reviews Interviews Features Blog Quarterly Support Us w/ Hannah Lamb-Vines While I was writing Headshot I didn’t feel like I was watching a boxing tournament, I felt like I was fighting in it. I was trying to write from a space of inside the girls’ bodies, and inside the space of the tournament. Youth sports tournaments can have their own physics. Rita Bullwinkel While I was writing Headshot I didn’t feel like I was watching a boxing tournament, I felt like I was fighting in it. I was trying to write from a space of inside the girls’ bodies, and inside the space of the tournament. Youth sports tournaments can have their own physics. by Evangeline Riddiford Graham The writing has nothing to hide behind. That alone can make a reader nervous. What’s even more nerve-rending is the prospect of living inside an artistic experiment when its creator has warned you there’s no trapdoor. Barefoot Doctor – Can Xue The writing has nothing to hide behind. That alone can make a reader nervous. What’s even more nerve-rending is the prospect of living inside an artistic experiment when its creator has warned you there’s no trapdoor. by Jason Christian I keep thinking of STILL ALIVE as a queer Fight Club for the millennial generation. Like that earlier Gen-X novel, STILL ALIVE retains a critique of the empty promises of capitalism, one that centers queer women instead of macho men. In place of fist-fighting, we get fisting. Still Alive – LJ Pemberton I keep thinking of STILL ALIVE as a queer Fight Club for the millennial generation. Like that earlier Gen-X novel, STILL ALIVE retains a critique of the empty promises of capitalism, one that centers queer women instead of macho men. In place of fist-fighting, we get fisting. by Kaila Philo By placing his Blackness at the center of his project as a journalist, Younge has been able to make clear-eyed examinations of racial politics around the globe Dispatches from the Diaspora – Gary Younge By placing his Blackness at the center of his project as a journalist, Younge has been able to make clear-eyed examinations of racial politics around the globe by Evangeline Riddiford Graham The writing has nothing to hide behind. That alone can make a reader nervous. What’s even more nerve-rending is the prospect of living inside an artistic experiment when its creator has warned you there’s no trapdoor. Barefoot Doctor – Can Xue The writing has nothing to hide behind. That alone can make a reader nervous. What’s even more nerve-rending is the prospect of living inside an artistic experiment when its creator has warned you there’s no trapdoor. by Jason Christian I keep thinking of STILL ALIVE as a queer Fight Club for the millennial generation. Like that earlier Gen-X novel, STILL ALIVE retains a critique of the empty promises of capitalism, one that centers queer women instead of macho men. In place of fist-fighting, we get fisting. Still Alive – LJ Pemberton I keep thinking of STILL ALIVE as a queer Fight Club for the millennial generation. Like that earlier Gen-X novel, STILL ALIVE retains a critique of the empty promises of capitalism, one that centers queer women instead of macho men. In place of fist-fighting, we get fisting. by Kaila Philo By placing his Blackness at the center of his project as a journalist, Younge has been able to make clear-eyed examinations of racial politics around the globe Dispatches from the Diaspora – Gary Younge By placing his Blackness at the center of his project as a journalist, Younge has been able to make clear-eyed examinations of racial politics around the globe by Erik Noonan Nora grieves, remembers, and writes, and the streams of her inward life flow through a text that vibrates with texture. The Remains – Margo Glantz Nora grieves, remembers, and writes, and the streams of her inward life flow through a text that vibrates with texture. w/ Hannah Lamb-Vines While I was writing Headshot I didn’t feel like I was watching a boxing tournament, I felt like I was fighting in it. I was trying to write from a space of inside the girls’ bodies, and inside the space of the tournament. Youth sports tournaments can have their own physics. Rita Bullwinkel While I was writing Headshot I didn’t feel like I was watching a boxing tournament, I felt like I was fighting in it. I was trying to write from a space of inside the girls’ bodies, and inside the space of the tournament. Youth sports tournaments can have their own physics. w/ Eva Richter Would be great if [my readers] approached the text as a hungry ghost does food. Michael Jeffrey Lee Would be great if [my readers] approached the text as a hungry ghost does food. w/ A.A. Balaskovits There’s a lot of violence in humankind’s shared history with animals, a lot of discomfort. I hope that, just as an honest war movie is inevitably anti-war, the tragic horses I write about move people to reconsider their own relationship to past violence. Jess Bowers There’s a lot of violence in humankind’s shared history with animals, a lot of discomfort. I hope that, just as an honest war movie is inevitably anti-war, the tragic horses I write about move people to reconsider their own relationship to past violence. w/ Matthew Kinlin Is it possible to freeze the ephemeral? To textualize liveness? I don’t think so, but CASKET FLARE attempts to. Logan Berry Is it possible to freeze the ephemeral? To textualize liveness? I don’t think so, but CASKET FLARE attempts to. by Martin Dolan Ranging in scale from tiny projects by one-man development teams to titles with million-dollar production budgets, video games seem much more eager than the literary establishment to borrow and learn from other forms. Exterior Lives Ranging in scale from tiny projects by one-man development teams to titles with million-dollar production budgets, video games seem much more eager than the literary establishment to borrow and learn from other forms. by Ivanna Berrios Over the course of a year, Maizal collected sound recordings of the wildlife and waterflow of the Andean moorlands under threat from mining, as well as interviews with veterans of anti-mining activism from the pueblo Nangali. The result is an imaginative archive and ambitious cartographic experiment . . . Freedom Sounds and Care Practices in Anti-Extractivist Mapping Over the course of a year, Maizal collected sound recordings of the wildlife and waterflow of the Andean moorlands under threat from mining, as well as interviews with veterans of anti-mining activism from the pueblo Nangali. The result is an imaginative archive and ambitious cartographic experiment . . . by Semyon Khokhlov Separating part and whole, then, is not enough to see parts of the body differently. The individual has to be sidelined, which is exactly what non-protagonist-centered fiction achieves. Parts of the Body in Non-Protagonist-Centered Fiction Separating part and whole, then, is not enough to see parts of the body differently. The individual has to be sidelined, which is exactly what non-protagonist-centered fiction achieves. by The Making Worlds Bookstore and Social Center Collective Ours is a world on fire, flooded, starved, wounded, violent, and oppressive and at the same time heroic, inventive, resilient, adaptive, beautiful, and endlessly imaginative. In Our Times, a Space, In Our Struggles, a Future: A Vision for the Worlds to Come Ours is a world on fire, flooded, starved, wounded, violent, and oppressive and at the same time heroic, inventive, resilient, adaptive, beautiful, and endlessly imaginative. by The Editors [This issue aims] to explore how the intersection of language, queerness, and shifting dynamics of racialization and belonging can help generate language to define oneself and to approach literary and arts criticism without centering Global North, white, male, cis-hetero standpoints. Call for Pitches [This issue aims] to explore how the intersection of language, queerness, and shifting dynamics of racialization and belonging can help generate language to define oneself and to approach literary and arts criticism without centering Global North, white, male, cis-hetero standpoints. by The Editors What are the commonalities or differences of writing urban dis(-)appearance across continents, or in the same city across disparate works of literature? How does literature counter brutality? Does an ideal utopian city exist across the trenches of global writing? Call for Submissions What are the commonalities or differences of writing urban dis(-)appearance across continents, or in the same city across disparate works of literature? How does literature counter brutality? Does an ideal utopian city exist across the trenches of global writing? by The Editors We’re excited to introduce our 2023 Full Stop Fellows: Michelle Chan Schmidt and Natália Affonso! Introducing the Full Stop Editorial Fellows We’re excited to introduce our 2023 Full Stop Fellows: Michelle Chan Schmidt and Natália Affonso! by The Editors Full Stop invites applications for two Full Stop Editorial Fellows. These three-month-long fellowships will invite early-career writers or editors to independently envision, commission, and edit an issue of the Full Stop Quarterly. Call for Applications: 2023 Full Stop Editorial Fellows Full Stop invites applications for two Full Stop Editorial Fellows. These three-month-long fellowships will invite early-career writers or editors to independently envision, commission, and edit an issue of the Full Stop Quarterly. Latest Reviews Interviews Features Blog © 2021 FULL STOP