Fontspring. Worry-Free fonts for everyone. Discover Fonts Licensing Request a Quote Free Fonts Account Professional typefaces. Worry-free licensing. Mackay by Studio René Bieder Afronaut PRO by MACHALSKI Maso by Stanley fonts Browse by category Sans Serif Slab Display Script Mono Variable New Releases T Gatara Tour de Force Font Foundry Starting at $30.00 S Arbeit Technik Studio Few Starting at $24.00 W Bold Groove Wasabib Type Foundry Starting at $15.00 I Nomos Sans Identity Letters Starting at $45.00 Not all font licenses are created equal We examine end-user license agreements and flag any unusual restrictions. Fonts with licenses that cover the common uses designers expect earn our Worry-Free badge, providing you with a simpler licensing experience. Learn more about licensing Staff Picks D Minya Dharmas Studio Starting at $15.00 L Airo LetterMaker Starting at $19.00 A Bangel Art Grootfontein Starting at $19.00 R Palm Canyon Drive RetroSupply Co. Starting at $19.00 Collection Your ultimate guide to 2024's hottest typography trends. Gain exclusive insights from top foundries and make design-forward decisions. Unveil the future of typography. View collection Featured Foundries Typetype TypeType is an independent type design studio. With great love, we produce uncompromising retail typefaces, create custom fonts and even do Cyrillization. TypeType fonts are a killer combination of quality, price and useful features. Mostardesign Mostardesign Type foundry is a European type foundry focused on type design and custom type design. The foundry produces high-quality fonts and can deliver font licenses for every project. W Type Foundry Retail, Custom, and Free Fonts! W Type Foundry is a Latin American independent digital type foundry based in Santiago (CL), London (UK), and Barcelona (ESP). We design fonts for Desktop, Web, Apps & more! Connary Fagen Type Design Connary Fagen, Inc. is a type design studio and foundry that helps brands and individuals communicate through smart design. Emigre Emigre, Inc. is a digital type foundry, publisher and distributor of graphic design related software and printed materials based in Northern California. Best sellers The Seasons My Creative Land 6 styles Designed by Elena Genova, The Seasons is a serif font family. Starting at $25.00 Buy Proxima Nova Mark Simonson Studio 16 styles Designed by Mark Simonson, Proxima Nova is a sans serif font family. Starting at $29.00 Buy Gelica Eclectotype Fonts 14 styles Designed by Dave Rowland, Gelica is a retro and serif font family. Starting at $30.00 Buy Biennale Latinotype 22 styles Designed by Daniel Hernández, Biennale is a sans serif font family. Starting at $29.00 Buy Garet Type Forward 23 styles Designed by Mirela Belova and Stan Partalev, Garet is a sans serif font family. 2 fonts free! Buy Asgard Zetafonts 73 styles Designed by Francesco Canovaro, Andrea Tartarelli and Mario De Libero, Asgard is a display sans and sans serif font family. Starting at $39.00 Buy Discover all fonts Special deals F Evert Latin Foundry5 Starting at $23.00 $11.50 50% off M Periodica Mint Type Starting at $39.00 $15.60 60% off Z Kinsley Zafara Studios Starting at $6.00 $3.60 40% off P Letters from Madelyn PeachCréme Starting at $19.00 $18.40 20% off Join the many companies who rely on Fontspring for simple font licensing Get the license you need Need a license for unlimited usage, a special use case, or one with additional terms? Fontspring works with you to create a custom license that fits your exact needs. Get custom licenses quickly Fontspring supports fast moving teams by getting you access to fonts licensed with your own custom terms as quick as possible so your team can get back to designing. Individual support Call or email us and get fast and friendly help from our font licensing expert. He’s assisted many Fortune 500 companies with custom font licensing and is ready to work with you too! No usage trackers Pay once for any license and use the font forever. We trust our customers to use fonts properly and don’t burden you with performance and privacy-crushing tracking scripts. Company About Newsletter Partner with Us Help Contact Licensing Demo Fonts Desktop Fonts Web Fonts Ebook Fonts App Fonts Custom Font Licensing Request a Quote Enterprise Font Management Resources Webfont Generator Font Matcherator 2024 Font Trends Free Fonts Foundry Signup Affiliate Program © 2024 All rights reserved. Terms of Use. Privacy Policy. Cookie Policy.