All Aboard! - Official Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad Train Ride With Us Now Booking Cascade Canyon Winter Train Scenic Round Trip Silverton Train Skyway Tour Cascade Canyon Express Wilderness Access Locomotive and Motor Car Rides Classes of Service Hot Deals & Season Pass Important Information Groups Charters Health & Safety Tips Packages Adventure Packages Hotel Packages Tour Packages Events THE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride Shamrock Express Narrow Gauge Day Rio Grande Southern Galloping Goose #5 Excursions Hops & Hops Ghost Crawl: Haunted Durango Train Museum Experience Romance on the Rails K-28 100th Anniversary Excursion Specials Winter Photographers' Special Cowboy Poetry Train D&SNGRR Brew Trains Snowdown Balloon Rally Train Wine & Rails Groups Group Sales Group Event Information Request Form Student Groups Explore National Park Visitors D&SNGRR Museum D&SNGRR Yard Tours Explore Durango Blog About Us Durango and Silverton Area Durango Dining Durango Lodging Durango Activities Durango Shopping and Services Silverton Ouray Other Colorado Locations Employment Travel Updates and Information News History Media Center Gift Shop Cart Books & DVDs Children's Apparel Clothing Featured Items Glassware & Mugs Hats Holiday Polar Express Souvenirs Toys Contact Us Ride With Us Now Booking Cascade Canyon Winter Train Scenic Round Trip Silverton Train Skyway Tour Cascade Canyon Express Wilderness Access Locomotive and Motor Car Rides Classes of Service Hot Deals & Season Pass Important Information Groups Charters Health & Safety Tips Packages Adventure Packages Hotel Packages Tour Packages Events THE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride Shamrock Express Narrow Gauge Day Rio Grande Southern Galloping Goose #5 Excursions Hops & Hops Ghost Crawl: Haunted Durango Train Museum Experience Romance on the Rails K-28 100th Anniversary Excursion Specials Winter Photographers' Special Cowboy Poetry Train D&SNGRR Brew Trains Snowdown Balloon Rally Train Wine & Rails Groups Group Sales Group Event Information Request Form Student Groups Explore National Park Visitors D&SNGRR Museum D&SNGRR Yard Tours Explore Durango Blog About Us Durango and Silverton Area Durango Dining Durango Lodging Durango Activities Durango Shopping and Services Silverton Ouray Other Colorado Locations Employment Travel Updates and Information News History Media Center Gift Shop Cart Books & DVDs Children's Apparel Clothing Featured Items Glassware & Mugs Hats Holiday Polar Express Souvenirs Toys All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Book Now! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Book Now! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Book Now! All Aboard The Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Book Now! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Book Now! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard The Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! All Aboard the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! Get Ready for a Truly Unique Experience Welcome to the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad! If this is your first time taking a journey with us, we invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the unparalleled scenery along the way. For others who have traveled with us before, and are familiar with our train and western hospitality, we want to thank you for coming back—we’re glad to see you again! So, hop aboard and relive the “Golden Age” on our railroad, A National Historic Landmark that’s truly a unique experience for all. To all of the passengers and friends of the Durango Train, we make a solemn commitment to you to provide a taste of authentic railroading history presented as it was in 1882. Our family is dedicated to the preservation of history and there is no greater American historical treasure than the D&SNGRR. The journey behind a historic engine chugging away traveling through the ruggedly beautiful San Juan National Forest while observing awesome mountain vistas is truly a thrill! Ride With Us Cascade Canyon Winter Train Join us for a winter excursion on the Cascade Canyon Winter Train! Learn More Scenic Round Trip Silverton Train Join us for your ultimate train adventure! Excursions begin May 6, departing from the Durango Depot. Learn More Cascade Canyon Express Our iconic 5-hour excursion offers breathtaking views of the Animas River, highline, and miles upon miles of rugged wilderness vistas as you travel through the Rocky Mountains of southwest Colorado. Learn More THE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride Join us for a magical excursion onboard THE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride! Learn More Visit our Free Railroad Museum in Durango Learn about the fascinating history of the area! Learn More Step Back in Time Overnight Package Make your experience even more memorable by adding an overnight stay to your Silverton excursion. Learn More Now booking 2024 Train Excursions andTHE POLAR EXPRESS™ Train Ride! Learn More All Aboard! Magazine Durango, Colorado was founded by the Denver & Rio Grande Railway in 1880. The railroad arrived in Durango on August 5, 1881 and construction on the line to Silverton began in the fall of the same year. By July of 1882, the tracks to Silverton were completed, and the train began hauling both freight and passengers. The line was constructed to haul silver & gold ore from Southwest Colorado’s San Juan Mountains, but passengers soon realized it was the view that was truly precious. This historic train has been in continuous operation between Durango and Silverton since 1882, carrying passengers behind historic steam and diesel locomotives and rolling stock indigenous to the line. It is a family-friendly ride sure to create memories that will last a lifetime while offering a view of Colorado’s mountain splendor inaccessible by highway. Relive the sights and sounds of yesteryear for a spectacular journey on board the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad. Read our current 2023 All Aboard! magazine!Click here to read as a digital flipbook Click here to download it as a PDF Click here to read our special insert from All Aboard! "*" indicates required fields Sign Up To Receive Our Emails Hop aboard to be the first to hear about upcoming events, specials, and train news.Email* Name* First Last CAPTCHA Δ Newsletter Sign up © Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Site developed by Agency Tourism Marketing Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software