Home | United States Secret Service Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu United States Secret Service About Us About Us Leadership Diversity Annual Reports Strategic Plan History Protection Protection Protecting Leaders Safeguarding Places Securing Events National Threat Assessment Center Investigations Investigations Cyber Investigations Counterfeit Investigations Forensic Expertise Most Wanted Fugitives Avoid Scams Mission Support Newsroom Newsroom Behind the Shades Press Releases Speeches and Testimony Social Media Careers Careers Special Agent Special Agent Talent & Achievement Recruitment Special Operations Division - Counter Assault Team Uniformed Division Officer Technical Law Enforcement Administrative, Professional and Technical Student Employment Veterans Employee & Family Support Contact Contact Field Offices Image FY23 Annual Report Now Available The FY23 Annual Report, featuring highlights from our agency, is now available. Read More Image FY2023 - 2027 Strategic Plan The FY23-27 Strategic Plan is a strategic roadmap that outlines the direction of the agency for the next few years and provides a framework for action. Read More Image Wanted Fugitive $10,000,000 Reward Offered for Fugitive A $10,000,000 reward is offered for information leading to the arrest of international fugitive Denis Gennadievich Kulkov. READ MORE Image CAREERS Special Agent Talent & Recruitment Learn more Image CAREERS Join Our Team More than a job, a career with Secret Service offers one-of-a-kind training, a high level of responsibility and a future as you continuously apply new skills, making a positive impact in one of the nation’s most important federal law enforcement areas. Learn more Previous Pause Next One Integrated Mission Protect our nation's leaders and financial infrastructure About Us Key Issues National Security We protect world leaders, major events and key locations. View Public Safety We share our threat assessment expertise for public safety. View Economic Safeguard We protect the integrity of U.S. currency. View Cyber Investigations We fight cybercrime to safeguard America’s financial infrastructure. View Careers at U.S. Secret Service If you have a commitment to excellence and are looking for a unique and fulfilling career, we want to hear from you. Come join a diverse team with one of the most elite law enforcement agencies in the world. Visit Our Careers Section Protection We ensure the safety of the president, the vice president, their families, the White House, the vice president’s residence, visiting foreign heads of state, former United States presidents and their spouses, and events of national significance. Learn More Threat Assessment Investigations We investigate a range of crimes against the U.S. financial system committed by criminals around the world. Learn More Contact a Field Office Mission Support Our administrative, professional, and technical experts support our integrated mission of investigating financial crimes and protecting our nation’s leaders. Learn More Measurable Impact -- Stats are for Fiscal Year 2022 6,623 Number of foreign and domestic visits we protected without incident $2.6B Amount we prevented in potential loss to the U.S. economy from cybercrime. $214M Amount of illicit assets forfeited Resources National Threat Assessment Center View all of our research and threat assessments of targeted violence for prevention and community safety. View Missing and Exploited Children We are proud partners with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to protect our kids. View National Computer Forensics Institute Register for cyber incident response, investigation, and forensic examination training. View Return to top of page Sign-up for Secret Service news straight to your mailbox. Subscribe United States Secret Service Office of Communication and Media Relations Footer Home Site Policies Privacy Policy OIG The White House Accessibility No FEAR Act DHS.gov DHS Budget USA.gov FOIA About Us Leadership Diversity Annual Reports Strategic Plan History 150+ Years of History The Evolution of Our Badges Wall of Honor Protection Protecting Leaders Safeguarding Places Securing Events National Threat Assessment Center Investigations Cyber Investigations Counterfeit Investigations Forensic Expertise Most Wanted Fugitives Avoid Scams Mission Support Newsroom Behind the Shades Press Releases Speeches and Testimony Social Media Careers Special Agent Special Agent Talent & Achievement Recruitment Special Operations Division - Counter Assault Team Uniformed Division Officer Technical Law Enforcement Administrative, Professional and Technical Student Employment Veterans Employee & Family Support Contact Field Offices