Homepage | IFRC Skip to main content EnglishFrançaisEspañolالعربية Donate Happening now Emergency Appeals Disaster Response Emergency Fund (DREF) Anticipatory Pillar of the DREF IFRC GO IFRC network country plans Media Hub Press releases Articles People in the Red Vest Podcast Red Cross Red Crescent Magazine Advocacy hub Climate crisis Supporting people on the move Localization Community focus for global health risks Covid-19 What is a disaster? Learn about different hazards Learn more Our work Disasters, Climate and Crises Climate-smart disaster risk reduction Disaster preparedness Migration and displacement Cash and voucher assistance Health and care Community health Emergency health Water, sanitation and hygiene First aid National Society Development Funds for National Society Development Branch development Guidance for National Society Statutes Inclusion, protection and engagement Education Protection, gender and inclusion Youth engagement Community engagement and accountability Global plan 2022 Global plan Our work in a world facing increased humanitarian needs Learn more Who we are About the IFRC Global Plan Strategy 2030 Our history and archives People and Structures IFRC President IFRC Secretary General Global Leadership Team IFRC Governance The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement About National Societies Directory Reference centres Fundamental Principles Fundamental principles Fundamental Principles Fundamental Principles of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement Learn more Get involved Partner with us National Societies and governments Multilaterals and international financial institutions Private sector Learn with us IFRC Learning Platform Solferino Academy COVID-19 resources Volunteer with us Our volunteers Global Volunteering Alliance Campaign with us World Red Cross and Red Crescent Day International Volunteer Day Reclaimed table for climate action Migrants are #NotAlone Work with us Work with us See our jobs, internships and consultancy opportunities Learn more Our promise Trust and accountability Annual Report Internal audit and investigations Data on the IFRC Policies and key commitments Do good Report a concern Staff Code of Conduct Code of Conduct for our Movement and NGOs Data protection Global humanitarian services Suppliers Business opportunities Annual report 2021 Annual report Our achievements and how we use donor funds Learn more Resources Documents Appeals Donor response Evaluations and research Statutory texts IFRC Multimedia library World Disasters Report 2022 Lessons from COVID-19 to avert the next global crisis Read the report Cash assistance: ‘Today, I see a brighter future for my daughters’ For several years now, the Far North region of Cameroon has been facing the effects of climate change, characterized by droughts, seasonal disruptions and recurrent flooding, with disastrous consequences for agriculture, livestock farming and even access to supply centres and markets, among other challenges. This situation has led to a further deterioration in the economic situation of local households.In addition to the effects of climate change, there are social tensions marked by inter-community conflicts and grievances, as well as the presence of non-state armed groups. Over the last ten years, these factors have created a situation of insecurity, leading to population movements and, for many, the loss of loved ones."I lost my husband a few years ago,” says Soumaïra, who lives with her children in the village of Ndoukoula, in the Far North region of Cameroon. "I was 13 when we got married. A few years later I gave birth to our first daughter. My husband took good care of us. His job was to rear the herds of important local men, and he was also responsible for selling them.“One day, as he was returning from a village on the border with Nigeria to sell the animals of one of his bosses, he was killed in an attack. I had only just given birth to our second daughter, and I was already a widow with two children to support.”A new lease on life through cash assistanceHaving lost her parents when she was less than 10 years old, and facing a precarious situation, Soumaîra was taken in by the village chief, who tries as hard as he can to look after her and her daughters."One day, as I was going about my daily chores, I was approached by Red Cross volunteers and some members of my community", she recalls. "They told me they wanted to collect information about me to see if I was eligible for any further financial assistance to help me meet my family's immediate needs."It turns out that Soumaïra’s village is one of eight targeted by the programmatic partnership between the IFRC, the Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations (ECHO) and the French Red Cross in Cameroon.As part of the second phase of the partnership's operations in the region, 1,000 households in the Far North region have been receiving cash assistance since January 2024. The cash grants were made to respond to the most urgent basic needs of the population in this region, following armed violence, the impacts of climate change and the residual and economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic."I told them everything they wanted to know and I was confident of being selected, which I was. Some time later, they explained to me that I would receive 64,000 Central African Francs (around 91 Swiss francs) in three instalments. With this money, I could buy a few important items for the house, have my children looked after if they were ever ill, and with the rest, if I wanted to, start a small business.“Today I received my first financial allowance and I'm so happy. With this money, I'm going to buy millet and other food to feed my children. I'm also going to start raising livestock and trading for a living. It's a process that will continue with the other funds I receive. I will be able to take care of my daughters' school needs and fight to make a difference to their lives.“Today Icansee abrighterfuture for my daughters.”In addition to the cash assistance, the Cameroon Red Cross is sharing community awareness messages on how best to prepare for and respond to epidemics and disasters, as well as on risk communication and community engagement. Read more The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) is the world’s largest humanitarian network. Our secretariat supports local Red Cross and Red Crescent action in more than 191 countries, bringing together more than 16 million volunteers for the good of humanity. Learn more countries million volunteers Latest news Press release 05/03/2024 With warmer temperatures approaching, IFRC braces for new year of danger on Central Mediterranean Sea migration route With warmer temperatures approaching, IFRC braces for new year of danger on Central Mediterranean Sea migration route 05/03/2024 | Press release Article 04/03/2024 Saving lives at Sea: 'Something you don’t easily forget' Saving lives at Sea: 'Something you don’t easily forget' 04/03/2024 | Article Article 28/02/2024 IFRC statement on Russian Red Cross IFRC statement on Russian Red Cross 28/02/2024 | Article Article 23/02/2024 Ukraine: Helping people get back on their feet after severe injury Ukraine: Helping people get back on their feet after severe injury 23/02/2024 | Article View more news, press releases & speeches Latest emergencies Democratic Republic of the Congo: Population Movement For almost two years, the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), in particular North Kivu, has been facing a devastating conflict that has intensified and become increasingly complex over time, with the potential to reach unprecedented levels in North Kivu. This crisis is characterized by a multitude of armed actors, a large, displaced population and an even larger population in need of humanitarian aid. The IFRC and its membership seek CHF 50 million (CHF 30 million expected to be raised by the IFRC Secretariat) to support the DRC Red Cross in its provision of food assistance, health services, water, sanitation and hygiene and protection services to 500,000 displaced people and their host communities in North and South Kivu. Read more 28/02/2024 PDF | Emergency Appeal DR Congo - Population Movement (MDRCD043) 28/02/2024 | PDF | Emergency Appeal Download Your help is needed Donate Zambia: Cholera Outbreak A cholera outbreak in Zambia, first reported in October 2023, has seen a dramatic increase in transmission since mid-December. The country has now recorded more than 7,000 cases and 270 deaths, with over 500 new cases daily. The IFRC and its membership seek CHF 4 million (CHF 3 million of which is expected to be raised by the IFRC Secretariat) to support the Zambia Red Cross Society to reach 3.5 million people with life-saving assistance. Read more 12/01/2024 PDF | Emergency Appeal Zambia - Cholera Outbreak (MDRZM021) 12/01/2024 | PDF | Emergency Appeal Download Your help is needed Donate Tanzania: Floods Torrential rains have caused massive landslides near Mount Hanang in northern Tanzania, sweeping away houses, roads, bridges, schools, and farmland, as well as claiming the lives of at least 67 people. More than 100 people have been injured, and thousands of families have lost their homes and livelihoods. Tanzania had already been battling floods since mid-November, and more rainfall is expected in the coming months as a result of the El Nino phenomenon. The IFRC and its membership seek CHF 4 million (CHF 3 million of which is expected to be raised by the IFRC Secretariat) to support the Tanzania Red Cross to each 75,000 people with life-saving assistance. Read more 11/12/2023 PDF | Emergency Appeal Tanzania - Floods (MDRTZ035) 11/12/2023 | PDF | Emergency Appeal Download Your help is needed Donate Togo: Population Movement Armed violence in the Sahel region of northern Africa is causing the displacement of tens of thousands of people seeking safety and security, including into the Savanes region of Togo. Throughout 2023, the number of displaced persons in the Savanes region has continued to grow, from just a few thousand in January to nearly 60,000 by September. The IFRC and its membership seek CHF 6 million (CHF 4 million of which to be raised by the IFRC Secretariat) to support the Togolese Red Cross reach 58,000 people in need. Read more 04/12/2023 PDF | Emergency Appeal Togo - Population Movement Savannah region (MDRTG010) 04/12/2023 | PDF | Emergency Appeal Download Your help is needed Donate Zimbabwe: Cholera Outbreak Zimbabwe has been grappling with a cholera outbreak since February 2023, with the number of cases increasing across the country. As of 5 November 2023, suspected and confirmed cases have been reported in all 10 provinces of the country and in 41 out of 62 districts, with the most alarming spikes in the south-eastern provinces of Masvingo and Manicaland. A total of 6,686 suspected and 1,127 confirmed cases were reported by early November. More than 6,200 people had recovered while the total number of suspected or confirmed cholera-related deaths had exceeded 175. The IFRC and its members seek CHF 3 million to support the Zimbabwe Red Cross Society to reach 550,455 people with life-saving assistance and help to contain the outbreak. A total of CHF 2 million will be raised by the IFRC secretariat. Read more 16/11/2023 PDF | Emergency Appeal Zimbabwe - Cholera Outbreak (MDRZW021) 16/11/2023 | PDF | Emergency Appeal Download Your help is needed Donate View more Emergencies Directory Discover contact information for all 191 member Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, as well as for our five IFRC regional offices. View the directory Featured report IFRC Global Plan 2024 The IFRC Global Plan 2024 provides a blueprint for responding at scale and strengthening community resilience. The IFRC will continue to create global partnerships that strengthen local action, invest more to improve transparency and accountability, and innovate and develop new ways to deliver resources, facilitate local action and listen to the communities we serve. Read more Volunteer with us Want to save lives and change minds? Join our Red Cross and Red Crescent family Become a volunteer Learn with us Discover our wide range of humanitarian learning and training opportunities View our learning Partner with us Find out how your organization can support the world’s largest humanitarian network Learn more Photos of the month Download assets from shaRED - IFRC’s online multimedia library Visit shaRED Download B-roll footage from the IFRC Newsroom Visit our newsroom Share: Share on X Share on Facebook Share on Linkedin About the IFRC The IFRC is the world’s largest humanitarian network, comprising 191 National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies working to save lives, build community resilience, strengthen localization and promote dignity around the world. Footer menu For staff Careers Contact Alumni Association Fednet Learning Platform For journalists Media hub Press releases Rights-free AV Images For donors Partner with us Appeals Evaluations and research Annual Report Donor response Follow us Facebook Instagram Linkedin Tiktok X Youtube Donate © 2024 - IFRC Legal Accessibility statement | Sitemap | Disclaimer | Fraud notice | Contact us | Report a concern