Information from the Government of the Netherlands | Government.nl Go to content Government of the Netherlands You are here: Home Latest Topics Ministries Government Documents Search within English part of Government.nl Search Travelling to the Netherlands Public holidays in the Netherlands Minimum wage amounts Requirements for photos How does the Dutch democracy work? Main menu Building and housing Housing, Infrastructure, Population decline... Economy Enterprise and innovation, Brexit, Biotechnology, Intellectual property ... Education School holidays, Higher education ... Family, health and care Coronavirus Covid-19, Drugs, Health insurance, Abortion, Mental health care, Family law ... Government and democracy Public administration, Personal data, Police , Democracy ... International cooperation European Union, Human rights, Treaties ... Justice, security and defence War in Ukraine, Identification documents, Emergency number 112, Counterterrorism and national security, Child abuse ... Migration and travel Reception of refugees from Ukraine, Visas, Dutch nationality, Immigration, Embassies, consulates and other representations ... Nature and the environment Climate change, Environment, Water management ... Taxes, benefits and allowances Taxation and businesses, Income tax, Grant programmes ... Transport Driving licence, Mobility, Vehicles, Drones ... Work Minimum wage, Legalising documents, Working conditions, Migrant workers ... Information from the Government of the Netherlands Spotlight Applying for housing benefit If you are renting your home, you may be eligible to receive huurtoeslag (housing benefit). This is a contribution towards the payment of your rent. Minor (child) travel consent letter Image: ©Hollandse Hoogte Do you intend to travel outside the Netherlands with a child over whom you do not have parental authority? Please use this consent letter. How to become a Dutch citizen Image: Henriette Guest Find out more about how to become a Dutch citizen. News Announcement of the Tender for the Operation of the Netherlands Pavilion at Expo 2025 in Osaka published 26-02-2024 | 14:51 The tendering process for the operation of the Netherlands Pavilion during the World Expo 2025 Osaka, Kansai, Japan, has been ... Two years of war in Ukraine: a look back on the Netherlands’ aid efforts 23-02-2024 | 17:30 For two years now Ukraine has been defending itself every day against Russian aggression. The Netherlands will continue to ... The Netherlands concludes ten-year security agreement with Ukraine 23-02-2024 | 15:10 The Netherlands and Ukraine are to sign a security agreement covering the next ten years. The agreement signals the Dutch ... The Netherlands to co-host international conference ‘Restoring Justice for Ukraine’ 19-02-2024 | 15:51 On 2 April 2024, the Netherlands, Ukraine and the European Commission will co-host the international conference ‘Restoring ... State lodges appeal in cassation against judgment on distribution of F-35 parts to Israel 12-02-2024 | 14:30 The State is lodging an appeal in cassation to the Dutch Supreme Court against the judgment of The Hague Court of Appeal on the ... Rules for collection services as of 1 April 09-02-2024 | 14:30 From 1 April 2024, collection service providers will have to meet quality requirements and will be required to register. With ... More news Questions? Contact the Public Information Service Service Contact RSS Sitemap Help Archive About this site Copyright Privacy Cookies Accessibility Report vulnerability This website in other languages: English Nederlands Papiamento Papiamentu