Community Center - Airbnb Community Community Center Community Center Connect with other Hosts Resource Center Find hosting tips and articles Help Center Get Help and support cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Search instead for Did you mean: English Français Italiano Español Português Deutsch Nederlands Log In Log In Log In Language English Français Italiano Español Português Deutsch Nederlands Search cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Search instead for Did you mean: Exclusive area for Hosts Come on in You're so close to accessing this exclusive content for Hosts! Log in with your Airbnb Host account to join the private conversations of this space! Log in or Sign up Discover and growwith Hosts like you Get involved in Airbnb's official Host forum. Ask about your listing Advice on your space Support with your bookings Help with your business Community Cafe Host Circle Featured Conversations Mathew116 Needville, TX Level 2 Is it possible to set a custom pricing? Dear Experts,I'm interested in configuring a customized pric... Latest reply Dear Experts,I'm interested in configuring a customized pricing structure for my listing. Specifically, I'd like to set a bas... Latest reply عماد-شعبان0 Dubai, United Arab Emirates Level 2 Managing left behind guest items Hello . I would like to know the hosts' opinions and tips. M... Latest reply Hello . I would like to know the hosts' opinions and tips. My first guest. Upon departure, I was not able to come to receive ... Latest reply Quincy London, United Kingdom Community Manager Community Center Update - New navigation interface Hello everyone, We're thrilled to share some recent updat... Latest reply Hello everyone, We're thrilled to share some recent updates to enhance your experience on the Community Center. We have... Latest reply Valerie1112 Willemstad, Curaçao Level 3 Are the pictures good enough? can you guys please give me some advice about the pictures ... Latest reply can you guys please give me some advice about the pictures quality and order. https://www.airbnb.com/h/modern-new-apartment... Latest reply Walid99 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Level 2 Advice for a new Host and hosting challenges I live in Saudi Arabia and was born abroad. I have a lot of ... Latest reply I live in Saudi Arabia and was born abroad. I have a lot of experience in the best places and the best options, but I am new ... Latest reply Heidy14 California, United States Level 2 How to ask guests to leave reviews? How do I ask a guest politely to leave a review? [Title upda... Latest reply How do I ask a guest politely to leave a review? [Title updated by Community Manager for relevancy] Latest reply Quincy London, United Kingdom Community Manager City of the month February 2024: London Hello everyone, Having read all of you share your knowled... Latest reply Hello everyone, Having read all of you share your knowledge about your countries of residence has always been lovely to re... Latest reply Hanne-Pouline0 Rome, Italy Level 2 How important would it be to build a kitchen for the guests? Until now I've short-rented my 2 houses intirely out but now... Latest reply Until now I've short-rented my 2 houses intirely out but now I want to move into a flat and divide it into two parts; mine an... Latest reply Beatrice641 Evans, GA Level 2 How to determine/take best photos let me premise with I am awful at taking photos. My, then 14... Latest reply let me premise with I am awful at taking photos. My, then 14 year old took my photos but I think we can do better. He is now ... Latest reply Premier-Point0 Level 1 What do you set your heated pool temp to? I have a heated pool at 2 of my listings. I set the pool to ... Latest reply I have a heated pool at 2 of my listings. I set the pool to 87 degrees. If the guests want it hotter, I offer brining it up t... Latest reply Elfi90 Todos Santos, Mexico Level 1 Guest consumables & extras I host one small guest cottage. I provide my guests with eno... Latest reply I host one small guest cottage. I provide my guests with enough bottled water for a few days, ample toilet paper, soap, paper... Latest reply What Hosts are saying Top Recent Unanswered Community Cafe City of the month February 2024: London Hello everyone, Having read all of you share your knowledge about your countries of residence has always been lovely to read, and has inspired a new series for the Community Center: City of the Month! The cities selected for this series are not chose... Latest reply by Scott2049 Quincy Community Manager London, United Kingdom 17 hours ago 9 Replies 6 Likes 17 hours ago 9 Replies 6 Likes Quincy Community Manager London, United Kingdom Advice on your space Do you write welcome notes for your guests? Whilst I haven’t had the pleasure of being an Airbnb Host, I have stayed at a number of Airbnb listings and I’m always surprised at the amazing lengths Hosts go to welcoming their guests. I’ve had bottles of Prosecco (thank you very much ), down to a l... Latest reply by Rebecca Rebecca Community Manager Suffolk Coastal District, United Kingdom 12 hours ago 12 Replies 5 Likes 12 hours ago 12 Replies 5 Likes Rebecca Community Manager Suffolk Coastal District, United Kingdom Community Guides [GUIDE] how to best photograph your home with your smartphone My living room in VeniceYou may not believe it but the first thing most guests do when looking for accommodation on Airbnb is scroll through the photos even before reading the description or reviews and often the decision is based solely on the photos! Yo... Latest reply by Andrea6232 Andrea6232 Level 10 Bergamo, Italy yesterday 4 Replies 5 Likes yesterday 4 Replies 5 Likes Andrea6232 Level 10 Bergamo, Italy Advice on your space Toilet paper roll Should the toilet paper be changed to a full roll for a new guest or use the half used toilet paper roll? What is the etiquette on this? On one hand I don't want to offend the guest, but on the other I don't want to be wasteful. Or should I just get a bid... Latest reply by Mike-And-Jane0 Philip3527 Level 3 yesterday 12 Replies 5 Likes yesterday 12 Replies 5 Likes Philip3527 Level 3 Advice on your space Smart lock recommendation Hey guys, I was an Airbnb host and I want to share a smart key box that I get from Kickstarter. I often travel out of the town for work, it’s inconvenient to open the door for my guests. Sometimes I just leave the key under the map, but I can’t stop th... Yue1 Level 1 Shenzhen, China 29-02-2024 0 Replies 5 Likes 29-02-2024 0 Replies 5 Likes Yue1 Level 1 Shenzhen, China Support with your bookings Managing left behind guest items Hello . I would like to know the hosts' opinions and tips. My first guest. Upon departure, I was not able to come to receive the apartment and the key from him due to circumstances that made it difficult for me to attend. But I agreed with him to leave th... Latest reply by عماد-شعبان0 عماد-شعبان0 Level 2 Dubai, United Arab Emirates 6 hours ago 8 Replies 4 Likes 6 hours ago 8 Replies 4 Likes عماد-شعبان0 Level 2 Dubai, United Arab Emirates Ask about your listing Listing Description Help Hi there! I'm hoping to boost the traffic to my listing. Would you be so kind as to share some valuable insights on what I should include in the property description section to make it more compelling? Your assistance would be greatly appreciated! Latest reply by John7474 Holly771 Level 1 Columbia, TN 3 hours ago 6 Replies 4 Likes 3 hours ago 6 Replies 4 Likes Holly771 Level 1 Columbia, TN Support with your bookings A PLUMET IN BOOKINGS due to a change in ALGORITHM ? From being almost fully booked, I have not had an advanced booking in over a month. The search engine now gives details of far and wide and not the particular area you are searching for.I have just put in a search on a very small particular area and out ... Latest reply by Zheng49 Sandie70 Level 2 Symonds Yat, United Kingdom 4 hours ago 6 Replies 3 Likes 4 hours ago 6 Replies 3 Likes Sandie70 Level 2 Symonds Yat, United Kingdom Ask about your listing Are the pictures good enough? can you guys please give me some advice about the pictures quality and order. https://www.airbnb.com/h/modern-new-apartment-curacao Latest reply by Valerie1112 Valerie1112 Level 3 Willemstad, Curaçao yesterday 4 Replies 3 Likes yesterday 4 Replies 3 Likes Valerie1112 Level 3 Willemstad, Curaçao Ask about your listing What is the response to guest requests for more coffee or other stuff? Hi everyone, have a quick question I have a guest in a basement I provided them when they checked in with a chocolate, coffee pods , sugar, water etc she messaged me that they finished the coffee pods ( which I at least provide them for two people 20 p... Latest reply by Nadia820 Nadia820 Level 2 Richmond Hill, Canada 01-03-2024 3 Replies 3 Likes 01-03-2024 3 Replies 3 Likes Nadia820 Level 2 Richmond Hill, Canada 1 2 3 1 … 1 2 3 4 5 … 11432 1 … 1 2 3 4 5 … 1209 Something on your mind? Start a conversation More tools to help you meet your goals Resource Center Explore guides for hospitality, managing your listing, and growing your business. Local Host Clubs Connect and learn with local Hosts online and at meetups near you. Help Center Get help with your account, reservations, and more. Support Help Center AirCover Anti-Discrimination Disability support Cancellation options Report neighborhood concern Hosting Airbnb your home AirCover for Hosts Hosting resources Community forum Hosting responsibly Airbnb-friendly apartments Airbnb Newsroom New features Careers Investors Gift cards Airbnb.org emergency stays © 2024 Airbnb, Inc. All rights reserved· Privacy· Terms· Cookie Policy· Site Map