Oxfam America | Fighting Inequality to End Poverty & Injustice | Oxfam Skip to main content The futureis equal About us About us Oxfam is a global organization that fights inequality to end poverty and injustice. Let’s build a more equal future—together. Overview What We Believe Financial information and annual reports Annual reports FAQs Keeping people safe at Oxfam - Safeguarding Our leadership Senior leadership Thought leaders Leadership council Board of directors Our history Measuring impact Ambassadors Sisters on the Planet® Musicians Contact us General FAQs Help making a donation Ethics violations & complaints Careers Available Positions The future is equal. Oxfam is a global organization that fights inequality to end poverty and injustice. Let’s build an equal future—together. Start here Our work Our work Nearly one out of every three of us lives in poverty. But we see a future in which no one does. Explore our work to see how. Overview Stories Countries we work in Issues Climate Action Economic Justice and Equal Rights Humanitarian Response Women's rights and gender justice Corporate power and accountability Making foreign aid work Emergencies Gaza and Israel emergency appeal Türkiye and Syria earthquake East Africa hunger crisis Global refugee crisis Yemen humanitarian crisis West Africa hunger crisis & Sahel drought Saving lives 24/7 Research and publications Annual reports Oxfam Closeup Magazine Impact updates Fact sheets Evaluations Briefs Brochures Research Books Politics of Poverty blog Gaza and Israel emergency appeal Millions of people in the West Bank and Gaza are in need of humanitarian assistance. Learn more Take action Take action We believe in the power of people to end the injustice of poverty. All of us—those living in poverty and those who are not—have a role to play. Overview Be a Fundraiser Donate Work at Oxfam Be an Artist for Oxfam Host an Event Host an Oxfam Hunger Banquet® Set up a fundraiser Virtual Events Volunteer At concerts & events Host an Oxfam Hunger Banquet® Host an Oxfam Hunger Banquet® and change the way people in your community think about hunger and poverty. Download our free toolkit and materials to make your event a success. Learn more Ways to give Ways to give Make a donation to Oxfam to help families in more than 80 countries overcome poverty, hunger, and injustice. Learn how you can help make a positive impact. Give once Give monthly My monthly gift Oxfam Partner FAQs Give to an emergency Start a fundraiser Create a legacy gift Give through your workplace Give stock Donate Crypto to Oxfam Donor advised fund gifts Give from your IRA Give in someone's honor Corporate partnerships Make a grant Renew your membership Help making a donation Oxfam Change Makers Donate now Make a donation to Oxfam to help families in more than 80 countries overcome poverty, hunger, and injustice. Give now Donate Search this website Search Open search About us Overview What We Believe Financial information and annual reports Annual reports FAQs Keeping people safe at Oxfam - Safeguarding Our leadership Senior leadership Thought leaders Leadership council Board of directors Our history Measuring impact Ambassadors Sisters on the Planet® Musicians Contact us General FAQs Help making a donation Ethics violations & complaints Careers Available Positions Our work Overview Stories Countries we work in Issues Climate Action Economic Justice and Equal Rights Humanitarian Response Women's rights and gender justice Corporate power and accountability Making foreign aid work Emergencies Gaza and Israel emergency appeal Türkiye and Syria earthquake East Africa hunger crisis Global refugee crisis Yemen humanitarian crisis West Africa hunger crisis & Sahel drought Saving lives 24/7 Research and publications Annual reports Oxfam Closeup Magazine Impact updates Fact sheets Evaluations Briefs Brochures Research Books Politics of Poverty blog Take action Overview Be a Fundraiser Donate Work at Oxfam Be an Artist for Oxfam Host an Event Host an Oxfam Hunger Banquet® Set up a fundraiser Virtual Events Volunteer At concerts & events Ways to give Give once Give monthly My monthly gift Oxfam Partner FAQs Give to an emergency Start a fundraiser Create a legacy gift Give through your workplace Give stock Donate Crypto to Oxfam Donor advised fund gifts Give from your IRA Give in someone's honor Corporate partnerships Make a grant Renew your membership Help making a donation Oxfam Change Makers Search this website Stories Press Contact us Help The destruction of a building in Al Remal area in Gaza caused by the Israeli Airstrikes during the escalation that started Saturday, Oct 8, 2023Marwan Sawwaf / Alef Multimedia / Oxfam Protect Civilian Lives Demand a lasting ceasefire, the release of all hostages, and unimpeded access for humanitarian aid to reach civilians in Gaza. Take action Oxfam Stands for equalityWe are a global organization that fights inequality to end poverty and injustice. What we believe The future is equal Take action Change the world. Start here. Donate now You have the power to change lives. Join us The story of our future starts with you. Let’s fight inequality together to end poverty and injustice—join us today. Please enter valid email address Sign up Something has gone wrong. Try again! Error code: GL_ERR Something has gone wrong. Try again! Error code: ST_ERR Thanks for signing up. Search model: All Use data-feed: /datafeed/ Featured stories & updates Story Two years of war in Ukraine Feb. 21, 2024 Oxfam is working with partners to deliver aid to communities most at risk in the ongoing conflict. Story Singing out for the recognition of Black voices in country music Feb. 22, 2024 A conversation with singer-songwriter Julie Williams about how her music connects to social justice, how country music has historically silenced Black voices, and what the Beyoncé effect is doing for Black artists and fans. Story Unsung Black women heroes of the labor movement Feb. 16, 2024 Celebrating historical and present-day leaders of labor movements and civic networks Story Legislation we’re loving Feb. 13, 2024 Looking back on four years of political progress you and Oxfam helped make happen Story Communities in Türkiye and Syria recovering from 2023 earthquake Feb. 2, 2024 Oxfam and local partners have reached 2 million people with humanitarian aid; rebuilding efforts continue in 2024. See more stories & updates Make a more equal future. Take action now. petition Rein in billionaire and corporate power. Sign the petition petition End the era of fossil fuels & make polluters pay. Sign the petition email Demand a lasting ceasefire in Gaza and Israel. Send a message petition Fight to end world hunger. Sign the petition How you're helping 15.6 million people around the world benefited directly from our programs last year 870,000 people participated in our gender justice projects last year 1.9 million global citizens like you who took actions last year in campaigns for social change Discover how we measure impact Donate now $ Donate Make sure your gift to Oxfam America goes directly to where it's most needed, without delay, with a secure online donation.(Looking to make a monthly donation, fundraise for Oxfam, or give some other way? Visit our donate page.) Explore Financial information Stories & updates Research & publications FAQs Take action Be a fundraiser Donate Support Oxfam through your business (800)-776-9326 [email protected] Boston, MA 77 North Washington Street, Suite 500, Boston, MA 02114 Washington, DC 1101 17th St NW, Suite 1300, Washington, DC 20036-4710 Stories Press Contact us Help © 2024 Oxfam America Inc. All rights reserved. Oxfam is a global organization that fights inequality to end poverty and injustice. We offer lifesaving support in times of crisis and advocate for economic justice, gender equality, and climate action. We demand equal rights and equal treatment so that everyone can thrive, not just survive. The future is equal. Oxfam America is a 501(c)(3) organization. Gifts are tax deductible to the full extent allowable under the law. Privacy & Legal Oxfam Oxfam.org Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+