Australian Museum This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more Accept and close Skip to main content Skip to acknowledgement of country Skip to footer Welcome to the Australian Museum website Search Toggle Navigation Close Navigation Visit & Book dropdown menu In this section, find out everything you need to know about visiting the Australian Museum, how to get here and the extraordinary exhibitions on display. Check out the What's On calendar of events, workshops and school holiday programs. Back Visit & Book Overview What's on at the Australian Museum submenu Back What's on at the Australian Museum Everything Accessible offer Exhibitions Kids at the Museum Members only events School holidays Special events Talks and screenings Tours and workshops Members events Touring exhibitions Exhibition virtual tours Self-guided audio tours of exhibitions School programs and excursions Close Navigation Ramses & the Gold of the Pharaohs Admission information Accessibility and inclusion Membership Location and access Parking and public transport Food and drinks Museum Shop Education and group bookings submenu Back Education and group bookings Overview Vacation care groups Tourism trade Primary and secondary school excursions Tertiary groups Early years and preschool groups Adult community groups Close Navigation Multilingual visit information Australian Museum venue hire Australian Museum Visitor Map Audio guides of exhibitions Close Navigation Discover & Learn dropdown menu In this section, there's a wealth of information about our collections of scientific specimens and cultural objects. Come and explore what our researchers, curators and education programs have to offer. Back Discover & Learn Overview News from the Australian Museum submenu Back News from the Australian Museum Overview News stories Audio podcasts Explore magazine AM Inside Out Media Centre Subscribe to our eNewsletter Close Navigation For teachers and students Australian Museum collections submenu Back Australian Museum collections Overview Natural Sciences collection areas submenu Back Natural Sciences collection areas Overview Arachnology Entomology Herpetology Ichthyology Malacology Mammalogy Marine Invertebrates Mineralogy Ornithology Palaeontology Frozen Tissue collection Close Navigation Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Collection Pacific Collection World Cultures Collection Museum Archives and Research Library submenu Back Museum Archives and Research Library Overview Museum Archives Research Library Australian Museum photographic collections The Scott sisters collection John Gould: books and illustrations Close Navigation Collection Care and Conservation Collection donations Close Navigation First Nations Climate change Sustainability Expeditions and fieldwork submenu Back Expeditions and fieldwork Overview Australian Museum Research Institute Australian Centre for Wildlife Genomics Fieldwork Major expeditions More expeditions Close Navigation Animal factsheets submenu Back Animal factsheets Overview Spiders Mammals Australia's native frogs Fishes Worms Birds Reptiles Insects Molluscs Plankton Sea squirts and sea tulips Sea stars and sea urchins Jellyfish, anemones and corals Centipedes and millipedes Australian Bats Crustaceans Dangerous Australian animals Australia's extinct animals Close Navigation Australia over time submenu Back Australia over time Overview Megafauna What are fossils? submenu Back What are fossils? Overview Fossil sites of Australia Close Navigation Evolving landscape Australia’s extinct animals Close Navigation Dinosaurs and their relatives submenu Back Dinosaurs and their relatives Overview Dinosaur fact sheets Australian dinosaurs The Mesozoic era Close Navigation Science of life submenu Back Science of life Overview Biodiversity Human evolution COVID-19 and zoonotic diseases Close Navigation Earth science submenu Back Earth science Overview What are minerals? Mineral properties Shaping the Earth Gemstones Geological deposits and resources Close Navigation Journals & Publications submenu Back Journals & Publications Overview Search our Journals Museum Publications Close Navigation Research Library Object and species identification Close Navigation Get involved dropdown menu In this section, explore all the different ways you can be a part of the Museum's groundbreaking research, as well as come face-to-face with our dedicated staff. Join us, volunteer and be a part of our journey of discovery! Back Get involved Overview About the Australian Museum Become a Member Donate to the Museum Australian Museum Research Institute (AMRI) submenu Back Australian Museum Research Institute (AMRI) Overview Natural science research and collections Science Research Strategy Australian Museum Lizard Island Research Station Australian Centre for Wildlife Genomics Collection Care and Conservation Awards & Fellowships AMRI Seminars and Lectures Enter the Eureka Prizes! AMRI Student Forum Close Navigation Australian Museum Eureka Prizes Work at the Museum Student opportunities Citizen science projects submenu Back Citizen science projects Overview FrogID DigiVol Australasian Fishes project Date a Fossil Close Navigation Volunteer at the Australian Museum Partnerships Commercial services Touring exhibitions Media Centre Contact us Close Navigation What's On AM Shop Buy Tickets Join & Give Opening Hours Mon-Wed: 9am-9pm Thurs-Sun: 9am-5pm during February 2024 Where to find us 1 William StreetSydney NSW 2010 Australia Close Navigation Search What's On AM Shop Buy Tickets Join & Give Ramses Exclusive to the Australian Museum in Sydney: more than 3,000 years in the making, discover over 180 ancient Egyptian treasures. Special exhibition Book now Opening Hours Mon-Wed: 9am-9pm Thurs-Sun: 9am-5pm during February 2024 Where to find us 1 William StreetSydney NSW 2010 Australia A Gateway to Egypt programs Ancient Egypt is coming back to life at the Australian Museum with a limited season of talks and tours giving you exclusive access to experts and curators. Talks, tours and experiences Book now Wansolmoana Experience the diverse and dynamic cultures of Pasifika peoples through stories and objects from across the region. Permanent exhibition Open daily Discover more News highlights Read about our latest discoveries, research expeditions and collection objects on display. Read our latest News StoriesListen to Podcasts Learn more Why not join the family? Discover even more by becoming a Member. Delve into the Australian Museum’s collections, join a vibrant community and support our groundbreaking research and cultural projects. Become a Member Join today Free general entry Discover dinosaurs and experience science, culture and nature in the heart of Sydney at the Australian Museum with free general entry to our permanent exhibitions. Open daily Admission information Visit the Australian Museum in Sydney Experience science, culture and nature in the heart of Sydney at the Australian Museum. Open from 9am, discover the extraordinary permanent exhibitions on display with free entry to the museum. Visitor Information What's On Location & Access What's on at the Australian Museum Discover our exciting offer of permanent and special exhibitions to visit at the Australian Museum, as well as upcoming events including talks, workshops and First Nations cultural programs. Event calendar View now Burra Be transported on an immersive journey through the eyes of burra (eel) in the Australian Museum’s learning and play space. Permanent education space10am - 4.30pm Find out more Ramses & the Gold of the Pharaohs Exclusive to the Australian Museum in Sydney: more than 3,000 years in the making, discover over 180 ancient Egyptian treasures. Special exhibition Book now Dinosaurs How well do you know your dinosaurs? Discover the amazing creatures that ruled the world until 65 million years ago in this exhibition that brings the Mesozoic era to life. Permanent exhibition10am - 5pm Find out more 200 Treasures of the Australian Museum The Westpac Long Gallery showcases 100 treasures from our collections alongside the stories of the 100 people who’ve helped shape Australia. Permanent exhibitionOpen daily Find out more School programs and excursions Book school excursions at the Australian Museum, Sydney, that inspire and engage students of all ages. Virtual excursionsEducator-led tours Book now Accessible and inclusive events at the Australian Museum The Australian Museum has a range of onsite accessible programs for deaf and autistic people, as well as online audio description guides to help assist blind and low vision visitors enjoy our permanent exhibitions and special events. Audio description Auslan interpretationLow-sensory Find out more Latest news Discover our research behind the scenes, read stories from our collections and learn about the latest fieldwork findings and acquisitions. Read our News Stories Listen to our Podcasts Visit the Media Centre Lacking tooth and claw: Fighting frogs reveal their true colours Our new research published in the journal Evolutionary Ecology aimed to unravel the ways male frogs identify other males as territorial threats, the results surprised us. 22 February 2024 Read more FrogID hits one million frog records FrogID, the Australian Museum’s trail-blazing national frog count and the largest global citizen science project about frogs, has reached a new milestone, one million validated frog records. 6 February 2024 Read more Egypt - In Conversation: An Introduction to Egypt In the first instalment of the Australian Museum’s exclusive Egypt - In Conversation series, curator and Egyptologist Dr Melanie Pitkin sits down with journalist and passionate Egyptophile Caroline Baum for An Introduction to Egypt. Live at the AMAudio recording Listen now Explore The Australian Museum's biannual Members' magazine Explore continues a 100-year tradition of publishing behind-the-scenes news and features at Australia’s first museum. Digital editionSummer 2024 Read now The United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP28) The United Nations Climate Conference (COP28), currently underway in the United Emirates is the first time that the Australian Museum (AM) has been invited to participate in this global event. 12 December 2023 Read more Read more news Hear behind-the-scenes stories and read about our latest discoveries, research expeditions and collection objects on display. Read our latest News StoriesListen to Podcasts Find out more Where nature, science and culture intersect We are Australia’s first museum, and have over 21 million scientific specimens and cultural objects in our collections. Learn more from First Nations people, discover thousands of animal factsheets and explore our online education resources. Discover & Learn Our Collections Journals & Publications For teachers and students Our education programs and resources spark curiosity, develop scientific understanding and enhance cultural awareness in students of all ages. Virtual excursionsEducator-led toursLearning journeys Learn more Object and species identification Use our Ask an Expert enquiry form for help with Australian animal identification, natural history and cultural object enquiries. Identify an animalCultural objectsFossils and minerals Ask an expert Animal factsheets Discover the astonishing variety of mammals, birds, reptiles, marine life and more in the Australian Museum collections. InvertebratesVertebratesExtinct animals Find out more First Nations Learn more about this land’s First Nations peoples and cultures. CollectionsKnowledgeExhibitions Find out more Climate change The Australian Museum has been involved in raising awareness and researching impacts of climate change for over a decade. What are we doing?What is climate change? Learn more Natural Sciences Discover the AM's extensive collections and research areas, including the name-bearing type specimens held at the Museum. Why we collect Research areas Find out more Museum Archives and Research Library The Museum Archives and Research Library cares for the Museum’s institutional memory and its historic natural history book and journal collections dating from 1836. History of the MuseumArchivesRare booksPhotography Explore our history Get involved Make a donation. Become a member or volunteer. Or put your passion into practice on a citizen science project. Find out how you can get involved with the Australian Museum. Become a Member Make a Donation Contact Us Donate to the Australian Museum Foundation Support the Australian Museum and together we can continue to make a positive impact on the world around us. Annual GivingProgram supportBequests Donate now Australian Museum Eureka Prizes Rewarding excellence in Australian research & innovation, leadership, science engagement, and school science Key 2024 DatesAward CeremonyFrequently Asked Questions Learn more FrogID FrogID is a national citizen science project that is helping us learn more about what is happening to Australia’s frogs. Free mobile appRecord frog calls Find out more Work at the Museum Discover the exciting roles in research, exhibitions, education and communicating the relationship between people, culture and the natural environment. ResearchExhibitionsCommunicationScholarships Find out more Awards & Fellowships The Australian Museum Research Institute (AMRI) offers several different and exciting fellowships to visiting students and researchers. Postgraduate AwardsResearchFellowship Find out more Media Centre Discover the latest news about the Australian Museum and Australian Museum Research Institute. The Media Centre also provides information, images and expert comment on scientific and cultural research, exhibitions and wider Museum activities. Media releasesPhotography & filmingMedia contact Find out more Get involved Make a donation. Become a member or volunteer. Or put your passion into practice on a citizen science project. Find out how you can get involved with the Australian Museum. Join & GiveCitizen ScienceVolunteer & Work Find out more About the AM The Australian Museum has been inspiring exploration of nature and culture for more than 190 years. Learn more about what we do, our extraordinary collections or our fascinating history. Our Organisation Our History Commercial Services About the Australian Museum (AM) Learn more about our organisational structure, what we do, the passionate people who work at the Australian Museum and our fascinating history. OrganisationGovernanceOur historyFuture plans Find out more Visit the Australian Museum in Sydney Visit Australia’s first museum in the heart of Sydney to discover Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander culture, our collection of Australian dinosaurs, and the deadliest of down under animals. See you at the Australian Museum. Discover more Australian Museum Research Institute (AMRI) AMRI brings together scientific expertise and world-class research infrastructure to increase our knowledge of the world around us and inform environmental decision-making for a better future. Biodiversity & geodiversityCollections-based research Discover more Climate Solutions Centre Bringing diverse voices together to inform and inspire more Australians to support climate solutions. Climate change insightsCutting-edge research Find out more Australian Museum Lizard Island Research Station The Lizard Island Research Station is a world-leading supplier of on-reef facilities for coral reef research and education. Located on the northern Great Barrier Reef, 270 km north of Cairns in Queensland, Australia. Reef research Planning a tripFellowships and grants Discover more Contact us Contact information for customer feedback, members team, school and group visits, website feedback, booking venues and functions, touring exhibitions and media contacts. General enquiries: +61 2 9320 6000Media: +61 2 9320 6181 More information Close Modal Dialog Subscribe to our eNewsletter Keep up to date on events, special offers and scientific discoveries with our What's On eNewsletter. Receive the latest news on school holiday programs and much more! Sign up now You have reached the end of the main content. Go back to start of main content Go back to top of page The Australian Museum respects and acknowledges the Gadigal people as the First Peoples and Traditional Custodians of the land and waterways on which the Museum stands. — We pay our respect to Aboriginal Elders and recognise their continuous connection to Country. This website may contain names, images and voices of deceased Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. Go back to top of page Opening Hours Mon-Wed: 9am-9pm Thurs-Sun: 9am-5pm during February 2024 Address 1 William StreetSydney NSW 2010 Australia Phone +61 2 9320 6000 www.australian.museum Copyright © 2024 The Australian Museum ABN 85 407 224 698 View Museum News Skip Footer Navigation Visit & Book Toggle Visit & Book submenu What's on at the Australian Museum Ramses & the Gold of the Pharaohs Admission information Accessibility and inclusion Membership Location and access Parking and public transport Food and drinks Museum Shop Education and group bookings Multilingual visit information Australian Museum venue hire Australian Museum Visitor Map Audio guides of exhibitions Discover & Learn Toggle Discover & Learn submenu News from the Australian Museum For teachers and students Australian Museum collections First Nations Climate change Sustainability Expeditions and fieldwork Animal factsheets Australia over time Dinosaurs and their relatives Science of life Earth science Journals & Publications Research Library Object and species identification Get involved Toggle Get involved submenu About the Australian Museum Become a Member Donate to the Museum Australian Museum Research Institute (AMRI) Australian Museum Eureka Prizes Work at the Museum Student opportunities Citizen science projects Volunteer at the Australian Museum Partnerships Commercial services Touring exhibitions Media Centre Contact us About Toggle About submenu Our Organisation Our history Media Centre Connect with us The Australian Museum Facebook page The Australian Museum Twitter account The Australian Museum on Instagram The Australian Museum Linkedin profile The Australian Museum YouTube channel Join our Newsletter Receive the latest news on events, exhibitions, science research and special offers. Subscribe Today! Site map Privacy Social Media Guidelines Terms of Entry Copyright © 2024 The Australian Museum is a New South Wales Government funded cultural institution. Back to top You have reached the end of the page. Thank you for reading. The Australian Museum respects and acknowledges the Gadigal people as the First Peoples and Traditional Custodians of the land and waterways on which the Museum stands. Image credit: gadigal yilimung (shield) made by Uncle Charles Chicka Madden Close modal dialog Search website Submit Search Close Modal Dialog Close Modal Dialog Close Modal Dialog Close Modal Dialog