Home page |Czech Railways for International EN Search 0 Menu International EN Searching and ticket Train station My travel e-shop timetable Our trains Types of tickets Other services for the company Email Log In the permanent password register the benefits of registration e-shopTickets Log In or Register E-mail Password Login Log In the permanent password register with the benefits of registration 0 Menu International EN Searching and ticket train station My travel e-shop E-shop.Connection and ticket train station My travel logs or register E-mail Password Login Log In the permanent password register with the benefits of connection and ticket from where the extended assignment 1st class 2Czech Railways launched their fanshop 1 press.We simplify online purchase of tickets for delayed trains More news by train on a trip to select a trip travel by train for experiences has many advantages.Get inspired by us, or download directly to your mobile for a free train on a trip.By train on a train trip by train for experiences has many advantages.Get inspired by us, or download directly to your mobile for a free train on a trip.Choose Railjet Detail Brno - Prague for 2 hours 35 min The fastest connection with Austria and between Brno with Prague ... Our trains Railjet Brno - Prague for 2 hours 35 minSC Pendolino Detail Ostrava - Prague for 3 hours 12 min The fastest comfortable connections across the Czech Republic ... Our trains SC Pendolino Ostrava - Prague for 3 hours 12 min fastest comfortable connections across the Czech Republic ... Our trains detail Eurocity detail Prague - Dresden for2 hrs 26 min Comfortable connections for your far journeys ... Our Trains Eurocity Prague-Dresden for 2 hours 26 min Comfortable connections for your far journeys ... Our trains detail Euronight Detail Prague-Poprad-Tatry for 9 hours 53 min while convenientlyYou are sleeping, the train will take you hundreds of kilometers away ... Our EURONIGHT PRAGUE-Poprad-Tatry trains for 9 hours 53 min while you sleep comfortably, the train will take you hundreds of kilometers away ... Our trains Intercity detail Plzeň-Prague in 1 hour 21 minComfortable and fast travel between regions ... Our Trains Intercity Pilsen - Prague for 1 hour 21 min comfortable and fast travel between regions ... Our trains Detail express train Detail Poděbrady - Prague for 52 min from the city to the city and between the regionsRychlik ... Our trains Rychlik Poděbrady - Prague for 52 min from town to town and between regions will quickly take you to the express train ... Our trains Detail personal train Detail Domažlice - Plzeň for 1 hour 2 min to the smallest towns and villages will bring you regionalTrain ČD ... Our trains Personal train Domažlice - Plzeň for 1 hour 2 min to the smallest towns and villages will take you regional train ČD ... Our trains Detail Fanshop ČD Historical trains ČD Nostalgie Property for rent and sale of services for carriers Additional informationCustomer Support +420 221 111 122 info@cd.cz Contact forms Return / replace ticket Frequent questions to order the Group's trip to order a passenger trip or assistance Cookies HelpNo obstacles map of RSS website Tickets and information on mobile AppStore Google Play Mobile Apps My train ČD on social networks Twitter YouTube Facebook Instagram What do we follow the rules for purchasing in the e-shop What we follow the operating conditions of the Personal Data LawPersonal data on the company Refund of Public Procurement of Real Estate Press release Career © Czech Railways, a.s., 2016