Home - Mind Skip to main content Get help now Make a donation Search mind.org.uk Search mind.org.uk Menu Information and support Information and support When you’re living with a mental health problem, or supporting someone who is, access to the right information is vital. Coronavirus If you're finding things hard emotionally right now, you're not alone. We're here to give information and support. Information and advice Types of mental health problems A-Z mental health Drugs and treatments Tips for everyday living Your Stories Support Online peer support Support and services Find your local Mind Helping someone else Helplines Your legal rights Legal rights Sectioning Disability discrimination Discrimination at work Young people For young people Coronavirus Introduction to mental health How to get help and support Your rights About us About us We won't give up until everyone experiencing a mental health problem gets support and respect. Mind Cymru Together with our local Minds in Wales we’re committed to improving mental health in this country. Together we’re Mind in Wales. What we do What we do Our impact Our achievements Equality and Human Rights Our policy work How we work Supporter promise Local Minds How we raise and spend our money Our strategy Celebrity Support Get in touch with us Working for us Contact us News and campaigns News News Media centre Our campaigns Campaigns Mind Cymru Campaigns Our events Marsh Awards Get involved Get involved There are lots of different ways that you can support us. We're a charity and we couldn't continue our work without your help. Donate or fundraise Donate or fundraise Take on an active challenge Support Mind in memory Support our work Membership Volunteering and participating Partner with Mind Current campaigns Mental Health Awareness Week World Mental Health Day Workplace Workplace Information Music sector guides Taking care of your staff Toolkits Influence and Participation Toolkit Products and services Mind Training eLearning Workplace Wellbeing Index Information booklets Partnerships Partner with Mind Our current partners Our partnership principles Shop Find your local Mind shop Mind have over 150 shops across England and Wales raising money to fund vital mental health support services. Shop with Mind online Browse our online range including our range of mental health resources, wedding favours, Pause for Mind and greetings cards. Online shop highlights Christmas cards Information booklets Wedding stationery Pause self-care box How to help our shops Volunteering in a Mind shop Donate items to your Local Mind shop Support with gift aid Shop with us Find your local Mind shop Shop with Mind online Mind eBay shop Get help now Make a donation Search mind.org.uk Search mind.org.uk Seasonal affective disorder Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is a type of depression you can experience during certain times of the year. Learn about the causes, treatment options, and self-care. Get support with SAD Help someone this Christmas Christmas isn't wonderful for everyone. Especially for those of us struggling with mental health problems. Donate and help keep our vital services running so we can be there for everyone. Donate today How can we support you? I want... Help with how I'm feeling right now Support and I'm under 18 Coronavirus information and support Support with my mental health problem To help someone I know To help Mind with their work To find support from Mind where I live Are you worried about money? Lots of us have money worries at the moment. And this can have a big impact on our mental health. If you’re struggling right now, we’re here for you. Get information and support Are you under 18? If you're going through a tough time, you're not alone. We've got lots of information and resources to help. Find support We're fighting for mental health. For support. For respect. For you. Information and support When you're living with a mental health problem, having access to the right information is vital. Go to our information pages to find out more. Find information and support Helping someone else It can be hard to know what to do when supporting someone with a mental health problem. Our information includes helpful advice on giving support. Find advice Ways to get involved Campaign We'll fight your corner. We believe everyone with a mental health problem should be able to access excellent care and services. Join our team of over 40,000 campaigners. Our campaigns Volunteer Give your time supporting in our offices or shops, reviewing our information, cheering on our fundraisers, sharing your story, talking to the media or as a Youth Voice Network member. Volunteering Donate or fundraise Nobody should face a mental health problem alone. We need your help so we can be there – on the other end of the phone, in local communities and campaigning hard. Make a difference Become a member Our members are at the heart of our work. Join Mind today, add your voice and become part of a movement for better mental health across England and Wales. Mind membership Where your money goes 130,973 queries answered by our helplines in 2022-2023 83p from every £1 we spend on supporting people with mental health problems 23.3 m times someone accessed our mental health information in 2022 - 2023 You can find out more about our work in our 2022 - 2023 annual review Support when you need it most Local Minds Local Minds offer mental health services in local communities across England and Wales. Local Minds Side by Side Side by Side is a supportive online community where you can listen, share and be heard. Side by Side: our online community “If it wasn't for Mind I wouldn't be here now. I will never forget their part in my recovery.” Mind in the media Wednesday, 21 February 2024 Mind responds to ambulance service concerns over Right Care Right Person The Association of Ambulance Chief Executives (AACE) has today warned that patients and paramedics are both coming to harm, following the roll out of a new scheme to reduce police involvement in mental health calls. Thursday, 08 February 2024 Young people’s mental health referrals reach record half a million as cost-of-living bites households Mind analyses the latest NHS Statistics on children and young people being referred to mental health services Tuesday, 06 February 2024 Athletau Cymru a Mind Cymru yn datgelu partneriaeth ddwy flynedd i wella iechyd meddwl drwy redeg Sefydliadau blaenllaw ym maes chwaraeon ac iechyd meddwl yn uno i wella hyfforddiant a sbarduno neges ‘symud er lles iechyd meddwl’ Read more news Call Mind Infoline0300 123 3393 Legal information Privacy policy Young person's privacy policy Cookie policy and management Terms and conditions Contact us Contact us Helplines Media Centre Working with us Working for us Vacancies and volunteering Accessibility Accessibility © 2024 Mind We're a registered charity in England (no. 219830) and a registered company (no. 424348) in England and Wales. arrow_upwardBack to Top