Tails - Home Tails Search Donate Everyday, thousands of vulnerable people use Tails to control their digital lives. Donate now to fight surveillance and censorship! Home How Tails works Install Tails Documentation Support Contribute News English Català Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Русский Improve translations Home Home Tails is a portable operating system that protects against surveillance and censorship. Avoid surveillance, censorship, advertising, and viruses Tails uses the Tor network to protect your privacy online and help you avoid censorship. Enjoy the Internet like it should be. Your secure computer anywhere Shut down the computer and start on your Tails USB stick instead of starting on Windows, macOS, or Linux. Tails leaves no trace on the computer when shut down. Digital security toolbox Tails includes a selection of applications to work on sensitive documents and communicate securely. Everything in Tails is ready-to-use and has safe defaults. Free Software You can download Tails for free and independent security researchers can verify our work. Tails is based on Debian GNU/Linux. How Tails works Install Tails Who uses Tails Activists use Tails to hide their identities, avoid censorship, and communicate securely. Journalistsand their sources use Tails to publish sensitive information and access the Internet from unsafe places. Domestic violence survivors use Tails to escape surveillance at home. You whenever you need extra privacy in this digital world. Recommended by If you look at the way post-2013 whistleblowers have been caught, it is clear the absolute most important thing you can do to maintain your anonymity is reduce the number of places in your operational activity where you can make mistakes. Tor and Tails still do precisely that. — Edward Snowden, NSA whistleblower Tails expands Tor's protections to an entire operating system, and they do so with an unwavering commitment to their Social Contract. Tails is a favorite companion tool of Tor. — Roger Dingledine, co-founder of the Tor Project One of the most robust ways of using the Tor network is through a dedicated operating system that enforces strong privacy- and security-protective defaults. That operating system is Tails. — EFF, Electronic Frontier Foundation Sponsors Our work is funded by donations from people like you and organizations that support Internet freedom. Meet our sponsors. English Català Deutsch Español Français Italiano Português Русский Improve translations Tails Home How Tails works Install Tails Documentation Support Contribute News Support FAQs Known issues Warnings Security advisories Accessibility Upgrade Contribute Report an error Translate Source code GitLab Donate About us Contact Mission and values Social contract Sponsors Code of conduct License Jobs News Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe