Home — The New Atlantis About Journal Projects Books Subscribe Donate Search Sign in About Us Contact Praise Donate About Us Contact Praise Donate About Journal Projects Books Subscribe today for early access to new articles and subscriber-only content Buy Back Issues print + digital $34 digital $24 Subscribe Today Renew Existing Subscription Buy Back Issues Subscribe The New Atlantis is building a culture in which science and technology work for, not on, human beings. Read a note from our editor on what it takes to sustain our work. amount to donate $50 $100 $250 Donate Read a note from our editor on what it takes to sustain our work. Donate Search Sign in to access subscriber-only content and to manage your account Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Sign In ?> Barbie vs. Botox Transhumanism is so over. Wrinkles are so back. Rachel Altman Current Issue No. 75 Winter 2024 View Issue Tech Strikes Back “Accelerationism” is an overdue corrective to years of doom and gloom in Silicon Valley. Nadia Asparouhova What Is Space For? Why we gaze and why we should go William Boyce Did Exxon Make It Rain Today? Why headlines blaming extreme weather on climate change don’t hold up, the peril of catastrophism, and the case that we’re actually safer than ever before Ted Nordhaus Surveilling Alone Home security cameras are booming in an era of rising crime and declining trust. But they’re driving neighbors further apart. Christine Rosen Accelerating to Where? The anti-politics of the new jet pack lament Robert Bellafiore Bears in the Villa For the first time since the fall of the Roman empire, wilderness is returning to Italy. Are Italians ready? John Last Things Used to Work in This Country An appliance used to be a machine. Now it’s a bureaucracy. Clare Coffey A President’s Council on Artificial Intelligence The White House’s bland solution doesn’t match the problem. Here’s what would. M. Anthony Mills Barbie vs. Botox Transhumanism is so over. Wrinkles are so back. Rachel Altman Fall 2023 Oiling the Chicken Machine Queasy about lab-grown meat? Too bad — you’ve pretty much been eating it for decades. Garth Brown If Scientists Were Angels Francis Bacon has been charged with robbing science of its innocence. But what if we’ve all been reading him wrong? Louise Liebeskind The Downer About Uppers Adderall is America’s new legal drug of choice. Is it fueling the drug crisis? Charles Fain Lehman The New Atlantis at 20 2003 – 2023 Three essays from the editors Who Is The New Atlantis For? • If Scientists Were Angels • Missing the Manhattan Project In Your Face Apple’s friction eliminators want to get under your skin. John Fechtel Who Is The New Atlantis For? Why 20 years of throwing cold water on utopianism found an audience Ari Schulman Warm Planet, Cool Heads A new book warns against pushing all the world’s problems into the climate bucket. Nicholas Clairmont The Fantasy of Energy Independence 50 years ago, America was shocked by gas lines during the Arab oil embargo. The memory still haunts bad energy policy today. Peter Z. Grossman Wounded Healers In a new book, an eminent psychologist with an “unquiet mind” explores why it often takes one to treat another. Algis Valiunas The Open Sky How revolutions in space, imaging, and AI could open up satellite surveillance to the masses Lars Erik Schönander Summer 2023 Why This AI Moment May Be the Real Deal This time, believe the hype. Ari Schulman AI Can’t Beat Stupid Predictions of AI apocalypse suffer the classic egghead blunder: they overrate the power of raw intelligence. Adam Elkus Sam Altman Doesn’t Want To Be Your AI King ...but he might be anyway. Louise Liebeskind They’re Here… The AI moment has arrived. Symposium Ari Schulman • Brian J. A. Boyd • Adam Elkus • Robert Mariani • Clayton O’Dell • Tess Doezema • Nina Frahm • Daniel Walden • Louise Liebeskind Spring 2023 Rational Magic Why a Silicon Valley culture that was once obsessed with reason is going woo Tara Isabella Burton Out of the Wild Why we can’t rid nature of us Samuel Matlack Nature, Toothless and Declawed Martha Nussbaum’s dubious case for animals as liberal subjects Clare Coffey The Demise of the Garage Inventor How Hollywood forgot the tinkering dad Joseph Joyce Out of the Wild Why we can’t rid nature of us Samuel Matlack Nature, Toothless and Declawed Martha Nussbaum’s dubious case for animals as liberal subjects Clare Coffey The Demise of the Garage Inventor How Hollywood forgot the tinkering dad Joseph Joyce Subscribe today for early access to new articles and subscriber-only content print + digital $34 digital $24 Subscribe Today Special Series: “Reality: A Post-Mortem” An America of Secrets Democracy dies in darkness. Jon Askonas Reality Is Just a Game Now Scoring points, hunting for clues, building plotlines, revealing the Grand Narrative... Why are people acting like the national fracture is fun? Jon Askonas How Stewart Made Tucker A world of authentic, post-spin journalism: The dream Jon Stewart spent a decade making real is now America’s waking nightmare. What did he get so wrong? Jon Askonas What Was the Fact? Here lies a beloved friend of social harmony (ca. 1500–2000). It was nice while it lasted. Jon Askonas Reality Is Just a Game Now Scoring points, hunting for clues, building plotlines, revealing the Grand Narrative... Why are people acting like the national fracture is fun? Jon Askonas How Stewart Made Tucker A world of authentic, post-spin journalism: The dream Jon Stewart spent a decade making real is now America’s waking nightmare. What did he get so wrong? Jon Askonas What Was the Fact? Here lies a beloved friend of social harmony (ca. 1500–2000). It was nice while it lasted. Jon Askonas Our aim is a culture in which science and technology work for, not on, human beings. About Us Explore Projects Staying Human A More Natural Science On the Modern Project The Technological Condition Mind & Human Nature A More Political Science Beyond Earth The Good Earth The Practice of Science Featured Collections Special Series Recovering the Organism Symposium | Winter 2022 Debating the “Public Interest” Online Responses to “How to Fix Social Media” by Nicholas Carr From the Archives Fall 2019 After Climate Despair The hope for a global conversion to austerity has failed to stop climate change. What comes next? Matt Frost Winter/Spring 2013 Do Elephants Have Souls? On the evidence for non-human intelligence, awareness, and emotion Caitrin Keiper Summer 2006 Shop Class as Soulcraft The case for the manual trades Matthew B. Crawford Spring 2003 Ageless Bodies, Happy Souls Biotechnology and the pursuit of perfection Leon R. Kass Winter 2004 The Human Explorer Why sending robots is not enough Robert Zubrin Summer 2010 How Can I Possibly Be Free? Why the neuroscientific case against free will is wrong Raymond Tallis A Journal of Technology & Society Subscribe | Back Issues | Blogs | About | Contributors | Contact | Donate Published by The Center for the Study of Technology and Society © 2024 The New Atlantis Privacy Policy