The Privacy Suite for WordPress - GDPR/CCPA/PECR and more. Skip to content Pricing Features Support Menu Pricing Features Support Search Search Close this search box. Account Login GET PREMIUM Consent Management As it Should Be Join 900.000 users and install The Privacy Suite for WordPress locally, automated or fully customized, and access our awesome support if you need any help! Get Started 900.000+ Users Awesome Support Easy Configuration for Complex Features 30-Day Money Back Guarantee Features 4.9 out 1200+ reviews  4.9/5 As it should be... Self-hosted & server-side Automated & customizable Integrates with Plugins and Themes Experience the unique advantages of Native WordPress Consent Management with Complianz. Get Started Easy set-up Let Complianz do the heavy-lifting. Follow the configuration wizard and get set-up easily. Always up-to-date Continuous development, optimization and legal research. Every update is a better Complianz for you. Awesome support We’re here to help. If you get stuck or just have a question, our team will communicate fast and adequately. Feature requests Not exactly what you’re looking for? We have an active roadmap with client feature requests. Always in development. It's all you need! The overview above is just a short and quick explanation of the plugin’s functionalities. If you’re looking for something specific or want to see all the fantastic possibilities check out all features If you have any follow-up questions or something is unclear, leave a pre-sale question! All Features Reviews @butzli13Great Compliance Tool Read More One of the best Compliance tools I’ve installed and configured. Easy and very helpful to integrate. Nice modern pop-up on the front end. Thanks a lot and keep up the good work! @danischenkerEasiest solution I found Read More The setup wizard is really simple. You just have to go through the steps. I tried a few other plugins, but this was the best. @airdinA great plugin Read More I’ve been using this plugin on several sites over the past couple of years, and it’s easy to set up and works great. @petercassagiGreat cookie plugin Read More Great plugin with very helpful and kind support. Documentation & Support Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Please log a support ticket so our amazing team can help you out! Customization Configuration Integrations TCF / Google CMP F.A.Q. Development Feature Requests Log a Support Ticket Easy Compliance Your WordPress website privacy compliant in no time! Get started Join our mailing list - 8 Tips & Tricks in your inbox over the next week, that's all! Your Email subscribe Plugins Complianz | GDPR Cookie Consent Really Simple SSL Burst Statistics © Complianz BV CoC 717814475 Kalmarweg 14-5 9723 JG, Groningen (NL) Wordpress Linkedin Github Get Started Pricing Documentation Feature requests Support F.A.Q About Really Simple Plugins Business enquiries Jobs Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms of Use Premium Account Agencies Affiliates Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent Manage consent