National Women's History Museum Skip to main content National Women's History Museum Toggle navigation Main navigation WOMEN'S HISTORY Biographies Oral Histories Oral Histories Articles Resources Women on the Web: Links and Resources Women on the Web: Links and Resources Women's History Month Chronicles of American Women: Your History Makers Women Writing History: A Coronavirus Journaling Project Frequently Asked Questions Feminism on the Flat Track The Women of NASA EXHIBITIONS We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist DC Online Exhibitions Students & Educators Crusade for the Vote Suffragist Biographies Suffragist Biographies Digital Classroom Resources Explore by Topic Field Trips For Educators, By Educators National History Day Research Resources Where are the Women? Curriculum Study Virtual Workshops for Educators Biographies National History Day PUBLIC PROGRAMS & EVENTS Upcoming Events American Women Quarters™ Program Book Clubs Feminist History Tree Ring Glass Ceiling Breaker Request a Speaker NWHM Speakers Bureau Women's History 101 Virtual Talks NWHM Speakers Bureau Women's History 101 Virtual Talks Walking Tours: Black Feminist DC Women Making History Awards Women Making History Awards Gala DC 2023 Women Making History Awards Gala DC 2023 Women Vote Women Win Learning Resources on Women's Political Participation Women Vote! Video Project Learning Resources on Women's Political Participation Women Vote! Video Project ABOUT US Leadership Newsroom Scholars Advisory Council National Coalition History Careers Contact Us Our Mission Supporters and Sponsors SUPPORT US Donate More Ways to Give Honor Roll Charter Member Experience 1920 Society Honor Roll Charter Member Experience 1920 Society Shop Charter Member Experience Shop Now! SHOP Donate Search JOIN SHOP Donate Book lecturer from NWHM Speakers Bureau for your eventBook a lecturerBook lecturer from NWHM Speakers Bureau for your eventBook a lecturerFeminism: The Second Wave - Virtual Exhibit also available in SpanishView exhibitFeminism: The Second Wave - Virtual Exhibit also available in SpanishView exhibitPreviousNext Museum News View All News Upcoming Events View All Events About Us Founded in 1996, the National Women’s History Museum (NWHM) is an innovative museum dedicated to uncovering, interpreting, and celebrating women’s diverse contributions to society. A renowned leader in women’s history education, the Museum brings to life the countless untold stories of women throughout history, and serves as a space for all to inspire, experience, collaborate, and amplify women’s impact—past, present, and future. We strive to fundamentally change the way women and girls see their potential and power. NWHM fills in major omissions of women in history books and K-12 education, providing scholarly content and educational programming for teachers, students, and parents. We reach more than five million visitors each year through our online content and education programming and, in March 2023, mounted our first physical exhibit at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Library in downtown Washington, DC, "We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist DC." Support Our Work Each time a girl opens a book and reads a womanless history, she learns she is worth less. Myra Pollack Sadker Professor, Author, Researcher, and Activist Explore More! Transcribe Clara: A Women’s History Month Transcribe-A-Thon Join this Women’s History Month to transcribe Clara Barton’s papers, held at the Library of Congress! Help unlock the past, one word at a time, by delving into the archives! This virtual, free event is open throughout the month of March to anyone who wants to be a part of this essential, crowdsourced public history project! Learn more and register here. Featured Biographies for March Environmental health advocate Catherine Coleman Flowers uncovered startling consequences of Lowndes County, Georgia’s wastewater problems. After a visit to a resident’s flooded lawn, she noticed insect bites on her legs that led to a rash – one her doctors could not diagnose. She reached out to scientists at Baylor College’s National School of Tropical Medicine and they determined that hookworm, a tropical parasite thought to have been eradicated with the advent of modern plumbing, was responsible for her rash as well as many of the health problems plaguing local residents. The findings spurred the Centers for Disease Control to investigate the prevalence of these diseases throughout the region. Flowers later testified before Congress on the issue, leading to legislation to fight these "neglected diseases of poverty.” Congress budgeted millions of dollars of new funds for rural septic and wastewater programs in 2019. Learn more about women engaged in community activism in this month’s featured biographies. Use the NWHM’s compendium of online biographies to spark curiosity and dig deeper into women’s impact throughout our shared national history. Explore more here. Learn More If we want our girls to benefit from the courage and wisdom of the women before them, we have to share the stories. Shireen Dodson Explore Virtual Exhibits Is Education Truly Equal? Explore NWHM’s new online exhibition that provides an overview of the history of women's access to higher education. Read More Educational Equality & Title IX: Explore the ways women have been running for president before they could vote for the president. Read More First but Not the Last Feminism: The Fourth Wave Read More Feminism: The Fourth Wave More Exhibits Students and Educators Discover our educational resources. Find lesson plans, biographies, posters, timelines, videos, and more on a wide variety of women's history topics. Explore Now × NHWM Response to COVID-19 While we've closed our administrative offices, our staff continues to work remotely during regular business hours, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m., M-F.Beginning April 6, we're pleased to offer free daily virtual programming for learning and educating from home. Museum News NWHM and Collaborative Partner Blue Telescope Named 2023 Gold Winner Recipient of the Muse Award for Experiential & Immersive Exhibition Experience for "Black Feminist DC" The award, which recognizes technological innovation, follows in the Museum’s tradition of utilizing cutting-edge technology and creating digital experiences in the service of women’s history learning. READ MORE Statement from Frédérique Irwin, President and CEO of the National Women’s History Museum, on the American Women Quarters Program and the 2025 Honorees "As in previous years, the fourth and final year of this powerful program features five remarkable, barrier-breaking women whose vast contributions to our country have made a more equitable, inclusive, and just society." READ MORE Transcribe Clara: A Women's History Month Transcribe-a-Thon!02/28/2024 - 12:00 Help unlock the past, one word at a time. Join us to transcribe Clara Barton’s papers, held at the Library of Congress! This free, virtual event is open throughout the month of March to anyone who wants to be a part of this essential, crowdsourced public history project. How much you transcribe is up to you.Learn more and sign up here./sites/default/files/2024-02/Transcribe%20Clara%20Carousel.png03/31/2024 - 23:59 /sites/default/files/2024-02/Transcribe%20Clara%20Mobile%20Carousel.png Brave Girls Virtual Storytime: Martin & Anne: The Kindred Spirits of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Anne Frank02/20/2024 - 12:00 Calling All Kids (and their grownups)! Join author Nancy Churnin on March 20 as she reads her 2019 picture book, Martin & Anne: The Kindred Spirits of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Anne Frank. Nancy will then answer young readers’ questions! Register Here/sites/default/files/2024-02/Martin%20%26%20Anne%20Carousel.png03/20/2024 - 11:59 /sites/default/files/2024-02/Martin%20%26%20Anne%20Mobile%20Carousel.png We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist DC02/01/2024 - 12:00 Now Open at the MLK Library in Washington, DC! NWHM's award-winning exhibition, We Who Believe in Freedom: Black Feminist DC, traces Black feminism in Washington, DC from the turn of the 20th century through the civil rights and Black Power movements to today.LEARN MORE/sites/default/files/2024-02/We%20Who%20Believe%20in%20Freedom%20Carousel%203.png09/18/2024 - 23:59 /sites/default/files/2024-02/We%20Who%20Believe%20in%20Freedom%20Carousel%20Mobile%203.png New Exhibition: Educational Equality & Title IX12/17/2023 - 12:00 A History of Women's Access to Higher Education in the U.S. Learn more about Title IX and the champions behind this seminal legislation that significantly expanded access to higher education.Explore Exhibit/sites/default/files/2024-01/Title%20IX%20Carousel.png04/30/2024 - 23:59 /sites/default/files/2024-01/Title%20IX%20Carousel%20Mobile.png Upcoming Events 2024-03-09 FITDC Herstory 5k NWHM is proud to be an official partner of the FITDC Herstory 5k, the premier citywide celebration of women's history in Washington, DC. READ MORE 2024-03-20 Brave Girls Virtual Storytime: Martin & Anne with author Nancy Churnin Calling all young readers and their grownups! Join author Nancy Churnin as she reads her 2019 picture book Martin &amp; Anne: The Kindred Spirits of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Anne Frank. Nancy will then answer young readers’ questions! READ MORE 2024-04-13 Bus Tour: Black Feminist DC Explore the history of Black feminism in Washington, DC with National Coalition Partner A Tour of Her Own. READ MORE 2024-04-17 Virtual Workshop for Educators, Silences in the Archive: Women’s History and (lack of) Primary Resources Learn strategies for reading primary sources to help students understand those silences and make inquiries and analysis based on them READ MORE SUPPORT US DONATE STAY IN TOUCH We’ll never share your email with anyone else Terms of Use Privacy Policy GENEROUSLY SUPPORTED BY