Password – Zulily Zulily Dev - Zulily, LLC Dear Zulily Friends and Partners,As previously announced, Zulily, LLC and its parent Zulily Group LLC (collectively, “Zulily”) made the difficult but necessary decision to conduct an orderly wind-down of the business to maximize value for the companies’ creditors. This decision was not easy nor was it entered into lightly. However, given the challenging business environment in which Zulily operated, and the corresponding financial instability, Zulily decided to take immediate and swift action. To effectuate the process, on December 22, 2023, Zulily entered into an Assignment for the Benefit of Creditors (“ABC”) whereby an assignee – Zulily ABC, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Douglas Wilson Companies – will complete an orderly wind-down of the business to maximize the recovery for the companies’ creditors as a third-party fiduciary. Importantly, prior to the ABC, Zulily attempted to: Fulfill all pending orders and anticipates a vast majority of those will be fulfilled within the next two weeks;For orders that could not be fulfilled, Zulily endeavored to ensure those orders were cancelled and refunded; andIf you have placed an order and do not receive it or a refund by January 22, 2024, please contact Omni Agent Solutions, our claims agent, at the contact provided below. We realize that this news comes with many questions, and we have put a team in place to address customer, vendor, and other interested party inquiries. The Zulily ABC hotline can be reached at 888-202-5829 or (+1) 747-288-6406 outside the U.S., or visit https://omniagentsolutions.com/ZulilyABC for more information and additional support. In addition, customers can send email inquiries to ZulilyCustomersABC@OmniAgnt.com, while vendors and other parties of interest can email ZulilyABCInquiries@omniagnt.com. Zulily will strive to continue to provide everyone with the best service possible during the holiday season. We appreciate yourpatience as we move through this process as swiftly and efficiently as possible.Sincerely,Ryan C. BakerVice PresidentDouglas Wilson Companies Zulily Zulily We are down for maintenance We are down for maintenance.