The Episcopal Church – The Episcopal Church Skip to content The Episcopal Church Welcomes You The Episcopal Church What We Believe What We Do Organizations & Affiliations About Us The Way of Love The Way of Love Getting Started with the Way of Love Podcast Traveling the Way of Love Ministries Creation Care Evangelism Racial Reconciliation View All Storytelling Video Podcasts Sermons That Work Image Galleries Resources Lectionary Calendar Glossary of Terms Public Affairs Staff Directory Site Search Find a Church Search Report Misconduct Loving, Liberating, and Life-Giving. Find A Church Lent Resources Donate Today Meet Presiding Bishop Michael Curry Learn More Learn about and give to the Good Friday Offering Give Join the Episcopal Service Corps Learn More Apply for a Creation Care Grant Apply Here Resources for the Conflict in the Holy Land Click here for a list of Episcopal Church resources relating to the ongoing conflict in Gaza. It will be updated as further information and resources become available. Get Resources News from Public Affairs Presiding Bishop Michael Curry home, recovering following heart procedure Read More Episcopal Church statement on deaths of civilians seeking aid in Gaza Read More Health update on Presiding Bishop Michael Curry Read More Episcopal Service Corps seeks applicants for 2024-25 service year Read More Episcopal Church announces new measures for increased transparency in matters of bishop misconduct Read More Toward GC81: Registration open for General Convention visitors Read More United Thank Offering matching grant nets $187K for Jerusalem diocese Read More Good Friday Offering, special online concert to support Middle East ministries Read More View More from Public Affairs Featured Video: Ashes to Go Almighty and everlasting God, you hate nothing you have made and forgive the sins of all who are penitent: Create and make in us new and contrite hearts, that we, worthily lamenting our sins and acknowledging our wretchedness, may obtain of you, the God of all mercy, perfect remission and forgiveness; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, one God, for ever and ever. Amen. What We Believe The mission of The Episcopal Church, as stated in the Book of Common Prayer’s catechism, is “to restore all people to unity with God and each other in Christ.” In step with that mission, we follow Jesus into loving, liberating, and life-giving relationships with God, with each other, and with the earth. Learn More Learn more about our ministries The mission priorities and ministries of The Episcopal Church rise from the decisions of The General Convention, our governing body. The work of the church is carried out by our core ministries of evangelism, racial reconciliation, and creation care, along with the program ministries below. Learn more about each ministry by clicking below. Learn more about our ministries The mission priorities and ministries of The Episcopal Church rise from the decisions of The General Convention, our governing body. The work of the church is carried out by our core ministries of evangelism, racial reconciliation, and creation care, along with the program ministries below. Learn more about each ministry by clicking below. Learn More About Us History of the Church Lectionary and Sermons Governance Follow Us on IG Give to The Episcopal Church Episcopal News Service General Convention Careers Contact Us © 2024 The Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society The Episcopal Church, 815 Second Avenue, New York, NY 10017 212-716-6000 | 800-334-7626 | Terms of Service