Georgia.gov Skip to main content An official website of the State of Georgia. How you know Language icon English Organizations Search The .gov means it’s official. Local, state, and federal government websites often end in .gov. State of Georgia government websites and email systems use “georgia.gov” or “ga.gov” at the end of the address. Before sharing sensitive or personal information, make sure you’re on an official state website. Still not sure? Call 1-800-GEORGIA to verify that a website is an official website of the State of Georgia. Georgia.gov logo Georgia.gov Search Menu Main navigation Services A-Z How-To Guides Your Government Contact Us Header Utility Narrow Search this site Search Close Popular searches Mission Statement Organization of the office History Meeting Requests Key Staff Duties of the Office Event Requests Contact Welcome to Georgia.gov Your starting place for living, growing, and thriving in the Peach State. Services A-Z Legislature in Session The Georgia General Assembly convened under the Gold Dome on Jan. 8 and is set to adjourn sine die on March 28 after 40 working days. Follow the events in Atlanta Learn about the legislative process Vote in the Primary Election Early voting has begun for the March 12 presidential primary to decide the Democratic and Republican nominees. Vote Early in Person Vote by Absentee Ballot State Income Taxes Are Due April 15 The Georgia Department of Revenue collects taxes from businesses and individuals. Find this year's forms, the latest updates, and secure access to e-services provided by the Georgia Tax Center. File your taxes Top-Accessed Services SNAP Benefits Find an Offender Register a Business Taxes & Refunds Voting in Georgia Birth and Death Certificates Moving to Georgia Checklist New and prospective residents will interact with several state agencies in their first 30 days in Georgia. Start here Featured Guides Assistance Programs Starting a Business Driving and Owning a Vehicle Recreation All Guides Happening Now Medicaid Eligibility Review The Department of Community Health is doing eligibility checks through May 2024 for those residents in Medicaid and PeachCare for Kids® programs. Stay covered Beware of SNAP scams Scammers have been sending phony email or text messages to customers in an attempt to obtain EBT card numbers and PINs to steal Georgians’ SNAP benefits. Protect your benefits Digital Driver's License Now you can add your Georgia driver's license or state ID to Apple Wallet on iPhone and Apple Watch. This makes TSA checkpoints quick, easy and secure. Add your Georgia ID Georgia.gov logo Georgia.gov Facebook page for Georgia.gov X (Twitter) page for Georgia.gov How can we help? We are here to connect you to information and answer questions about Georgia state government. Georgia Call Center 1-800-GEORGIA (1-800-436-7442) contact online Send a Message hours Monday to Friday 08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m. Eastern Time Zone State of Georgia State Organizations Elected Officials State Jobs © Georgia.gov Accessibility Privacy/Security Website powered by GovHub Human Trafficking Notice Georgia Web Analytics