Home - ASA | CAP Sign in / Sign up Menu Home About ASA and CAP People About regulation The work we do Our history Our ad campaign Careers Meet our Press Team Learn more about our Press Team and how to sign up to gain access to embargoed rulings. Codes and rulings Advertising codes Rulings Independent reviews Non-compliant advertisers Sanctions Trading Standards referrals Non-compliant social media influencers Published rulings Our rulings are a transparent record of our policy on what is and isn’t acceptable in ads. Advice and resources News Resource library Bespoke Copy Advice Training and events Online Training Our Rulings podcasts CAP Bitesize CAP Webinars Research at the ASA and CAP Advice for small businesses AdviceOnline AdviceOnline entries provide guidance on interpreting the UK Code of Non-broadcast Advertising and Direct & Promotional Marketing. Issues and topics Social and political Beliefs and cultural identity Privacy and popular culture Charity, education and Third sector Children and the vulnerable Claims, endorsements and testimonials Gender, sex and relationships Politics and public services Safety and security Lifestyle and living Alcohol Clothing, shoes and jewellery Food, drink and supplements Gambling Holidays, travel and motoring Home and garden Sports, leisure and hobbies Vaping, smoking and drugs Money and legal Financial products and services Legal and regulation Pricing and charges Promotions and competitions Property sales and lettings Recruitment and work Technology and environment Animals and farming Appliances, electronics and machinery Computers, phones and telecoms Delivery, construction and logistics Utilities, energy and environment Health and beauty Beauty products, grooming and hygiene Cosmetic surgery and procedures Health conditions Medical devices Medical procedures and services Medicines, remedies and therapies Weight and slimming Media channel Packaging and point of sale Online, catch-up TV and radio, in-app and in-game Mailings, email, phone/fax and messaging Cinema TV and radio (broadcast only) Poster and other out of home Newspapers, magazines and printed materials Issue Offensive Copy Advice Issue No Issue Miscellaneous/Other Misleading Harm/Irresponsibility Harmful Issues and topics Helpful information on the advertising rules and examples of previously published ASA rulings based upon topics, issues and media channels. Make a complaint Complaints FAQ Report an online scam ad Guide to making a complaint Dig deeper into 'green' claims… with our expert-led online training event that covers the key principles of environmental advertising with real case studies, and we share our new research results on food and electric/hybrid vehicle claims. Discounts available. Register now Supporting the National Campaign Against Fraud The ASA is supporting the Government's National Campaign Against Fraud. Read more Understand the rules on e-cigs… at our upcoming Zoom webinar on 21 March from 10-11am. Topics to be covered include permissible media for e-cig ads, content restrictions, targeting restrictions for children and young people, and much more. Register now Master honest advertising... with our new interactive eLearning series on misleadingness. Learn how to showcase your brand while following the rules. Learn more Climate change and the environment The ASA has a long track record in tackling problematic environmental claims, take a look at our work so far. Read on CAP Bitesize! Our latest CAP Bitesize series helps businesses get to grips with advertising non-surgical cosmetic interventions, such as dermal fillers, teeth whitening treatments, laser or light treatments, and more. Watch now Report a Scam Ad We have a Scam Ad Alert system to better protect consumers, as well as an ad reporting tool to help us act quickly. If you've seen an online scam ad, let us know. Find out more Subscribe to our newsletters Keep up to date with our work, plus receive guidance, tips and training alerts sign up now Who we are and what we do The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) is the UK’s independent regulator of advertising across all media. We apply the Advertising Codes, which are written by the Committees of Advertising Practice (CAP). Learn more Advice and guidance Make a complaint Training & events Our latest news Latest rulings Hovis Ltd t/a Hovis Not upheld Internet (website content), Social media (own site) 28 Feb 2024 Capital Credit Union Ltd Upheld Social media (paid ad) 28 Feb 2024 DUSK (Retail) Ltd Not upheld Television 28 Feb 2024 Show more Latest news Investigation into the supplier pathway of irresponsible ads online ASA News 05 March 2024 CAP takes action against e-cigarette ads breaking the rules CAP News 29 February 2024 Advertising Vitamin Drips – Injecting regulatory knowledge with a quick jab CAP News 22 February 2024 View all news Popular advice & resources Having an ad banned by the ASA can be costly. At CAP we want you to produce successful campaigns that also follow the rules. That’s why we offer a wide range of advice services to support you: Latest advice Electronic cigarettes: Media prohibitions Advice online 04 Mar 2024 Children: Safety Advice online 27 Feb 2024 Electronic cigarettes: Overview Advice online 27 Feb 2024 View all Useful resources AdviceOnline Advertising Guidance Training and events Consultations Research at the ASA and CAP Also of interest CAP eLearning Our newsletters Our research Contact us: The Advertising Standards Authority Ltd. (trading as ASA), registered in England and Wales, Registered Number 0733214 The Advertising Standards Authority (Broadcast) Ltd. (trading as ASAB), registered in England and Wales, Registered Number 5130991 The Committee of Advertising Practice Ltd. (CAP), registered in England and Wales, Registered Number 8310744 The Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice Ltd. (BCAP), registered in England and Wales, Registered Number 5126412 All companies listed are registered at: Castle House, 37-45 Paul Street, London, EC2A 4LS [view on map] Tel: 020 7492 2222 Click here for FAQs and to submit an enquiry. Useful links Accessibility Privacy policy Cookies policy Twitter policy Unacceptable contact Careers Transparency Cymru ASA Press Office Our newsletters Copyright © 2024 ASA and CAP Website by Pixl8 Want to make sure your ads are right first time? Get helpful advice and tips by signing up to our newsletter.