Home - KTAR.com Close KTAR.com Home Top Stories Listen Live Podcasts Video Contests ArizonaSports.com News Arizona News Arizona Sports Arizona Business Arizona Votes Arizona Immigration Arizona Education Arizona Health Arizona Traffic Arizona Weather Arizona Technology Eyes On Parenting Arizona Wildfires National Community Spotlight Sponsored Articles Shows Arizona's Morning News The Mike Broomhead Show The Ramsey Show The Chris and Joe Show Outspoken with Bruce and Gaydos The Chad Benson Show Complete Lineup Blogs Silent Witness Rosie on the House Chew On This Data Doctors Kim Komando Tech Tips KTAR News on 92.3FM On-Air Schedule KTAR Apps YouTube Staff Social Media Newsletter Contests and Events Text Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Everyday Strong KTAR NEWS ARIZONA SPORTS Top Stories Listen Live Podcasts Video Contests Menu THE LATEST City of Chandler begins 3-year process of converting grass to xeriscape Valley man sentenced to 170 years in prison for child sexual exploitation 40 minutes ago Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and Threads go down in widespread outage 2 hours ago Body camera footage shows moment leading up to fatal shooting of armed suspect in Phoenix 3 hours ago Poll shows immigration, inflation as top issues for most Arizona voters 4 hours ago Son allegedly shoots mother, his brother before fleeing scene in far West Valley TOP STORIES Here's everything you need to know about 2024 Chandler Ostrich Festival Arizona News An East Valley program is providing free tuition to adult learners Arizona News Gov. Katie Hobbs partners with nonprofit to free 1M Arizonans from medical debt Arizona News 'Barbie The Movie: In Concert' coming to Phoenix this summer LIVE FROM THE KTAR NEWS STUDIO WEATHER | Phoenix 77° | 53° 66° and mostly sunny TRAFFIC View Traffic Map Today will be all about two elderly men. What should we rename this particularly Super Tuesday? Super Old Tuesday. Senior Tuesday. Subpar Tuesday. Senile Tuesday. Loading ... Arizona News Associated Press Man sought in New York fatal bludgeoning won't waive extradition from Arizona He said he wouldn't agree to be sent back to New York while he's also facing charges for stabbing two other women in Phoenix. Serena O'Sullivan Gov. Katie Hobbs vetoes GOP-backed bill on border crossing, says it's a political ploy Gov. Katie Hobbs' vetoed Senate Bill 1231, a GOP-backed border crossing bill, according to a Monday announcement. Kevin Stone Dirty Heads, Slightly Stoopid to wrap up Slightly Dirty Summer Tour in Phoenix Alt-reggae comrades Dirty Heads and Slightly Stoopid are teaming up in 2024 on the appropriately titled Slightly Dirty Summer Tour, which wraps up in Phoenix. KTAR.com Helios Education Foundation aims to accelerate progress in early literacy across Arizona This month's KTAR’s community spotlight shines on Helios Education Foundation and its mission to accelerate progress in early literacy across Arizona. KTAR.com West Valley man sentenced to 26 years in prison for targeted shootings at law enforcement A West Valley man was sentenced to 26 years in prison after he shot at multiple members of law enforcement, authorities announced Monday. SuElen Rivera UArizona President Robert Robbins to take pay cut amid budget crisis After leadership changes, the newly elected chair of the state university's governing board plans to cut the salary of UArizona's president. Featured KTAR News Content AHS closing Sunnyslope campus, new facility opening in Phoenix Arizona utility regulators approve rate hike for APS Second consecutive wet winter is a big win for Valley’s water supply ArizonaSports.com Arizona Sports This 2-round NFL mock draft has Cardinals finding value in CB Kool-Aid McKinstry The NFL Draft is about finding value. The Arizona Cardinals have three of the first 35 picks where standing pat could help them fill needs. Arizona Sports Suns injury report: Jusuf Nurkic questionable, Devin Booker out vs. Nuggets Phoenix Suns center Jusuf Nurkic is questionable, while Devin Booker, Josh Okogie and Nassir Little are out vs. the Denver Nuggets. David Veenstra Former Sun Devil, Valley native Ricky Pearsall dominates at 2024 NFL Scouting Combine Former Arizona State wide receiver and Corona Del Sol High School graduate Ricky Pearsall put on an impressive showing at the NFL Combine. Vincent DeAngelis Arizona Wildcats float around No. 1, 2 seed in bracketology projections The University of Arizona is in contention with the University of Tennessee for a No.1 seed for the 2024 NCAA Tournament. Dan Bickley It’s time to discard expectations of championship-or-bust for Phoenix Suns It’s not over yet for the Suns, but the first that has to change is our luck as a basketball city, and that’s completely out of our control. Vincent DeAngelis Cardinals’ OT D.J. Humphries talks Marvin Harrison Jr., recovery from torn ACL Arizona Cardinals offensive tackle D.J. Humphries expressed that he thinks Marvin Harrison Jr. is too easy to miss in the 2024 NFL Draft. Podcasts Listen to the KTAR News 92.3 FM podcasts. The Mike Broomhead Show The Chris and Joe Show Outspoken with Bruce and Gaydos Arizona Business Damon Allred Pentagon Technologies to build $50 million semiconductor cleaning facility in Mesa Construction is underway for a semiconductor equipment cleaning facility in southeast Mesa expected to open later this year. Brandon Brown/Phoenix Business Journal Sports betting saw gains in Arizona in 2023, but not all sportsbooks shared in the surge The sports betting market continued to grow in Arizona in 2023 with more than $6.57 billion wagered on sporting events in the state last year. Ron Davis/Phoenix Business Journal Major aerospace developments near Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport move forward The skyline around Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport has some changes in store, including major aerospace develoments. Arizona Health Damon Allred Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to fund Yavapai County mine cleanup project The Iron King Mine -- Humboldt Smelter Superfund site is set to receive $15 million in federal funding to support cleanup efforts. Kevin Stone Valleywise Health replenishing mental health care capacity after staffing setback Valleywise Health is working to replenish its mental health care capacity after cutting back because of staffing shortages in 2022. Kevin Stone West Valley assisted-living facility settles lawsuit over secrecy practices A West Valley assisted-living facility has settled a lawsuit over secrecy clauses in its arbitration agreements, officials announced Tuesday. Arizona Votes Jim Sharpe Wishing the Wizard would grant us a mentally stable presidential candidate With a Trump vs. Biden rematch all but certain, KTAR News host Jim Sharpe wonders when we will next have a mentally stable presidential candidate. KTAR.com VP Kamala Harris to visit Phoenix day after president's State of the Union address Vice President Kamala Harris is coming to Phoenix this week, one day after President Joe Biden delivers his State of the Union address. Associated Press Supreme Court decision on Trump's election status could come Monday morning A SCOTUS decision could come Monday in the case about whether Trump can be kicked off the ballot over his efforts to undo his 2020 defeat. More KTAR News Content Amazing Arizonans Chew on This Blogs Sharper Point Commentary Arizona Homeless News Balin Overstolz McNair State lawmaker wants to change Arizona law related to drug use and homelessness Arizona state Rep. Matt Gress introduced a bill that would amend current law to create drug-free zones within areas around service providers. Colton Krolak New Phoenix court helps those experiencing homelessness through the legal system The Phoenix Community Court is a new path where people experiencing homelessness who are facing low-level criminal charges. Balin Overstolz McNair Here's an inside look at Valley's yearly census of unhoused population It was a cold, rainy morning as volunteers and city and nonprofit workers gathered in Phoenix this week for the 2024 point-in-time homelessness count. Arizona Education SuElen Rivera UArizona President Robert Robbins to take pay cut amid budget crisis After leadership changes, the newly elected chair of the state university's governing board plans to cut the salary of UArizona's president. KTAR.com Former Arizona education employees accused of stealing money from ESA program Three former Arizona Department of Education employees are accused of obtaining funds from the state's school voucher program for personal use, authorities announced Thursday. SuElen Rivera Amidst UArizona's financial challenges, Hobbs chastises university public governing board Arizona Gov. Katie Hobbs on Monday chastised the state's public university governing board for attacking UArizona's faculty instead of addressing its failures and a $177 million deficit. Arizona Technology Damon Allred Pentagon Technologies to build $50 million semiconductor cleaning facility in Mesa Construction is underway for a semiconductor equipment cleaning facility in southeast Mesa expected to open later this year. Kevin Stone Phoenix pilot program allows e-scooter, e-bike and bicycle rentals 24 hours a day Phoenix is expanding its Shared Micromobility Program on a trial basis, allowing e-bike, e-scooter and bicycle riders to rent and roll all night. Kevin Stone Planatome, a Phoenix-based surgical blade maker, plans to double size of workforce Planatome, a Phoenix-based medical device company that makes advanced surgical blades, announced plans to double its workforce. United States Associated Press Man freed from prison after 34 years after judge vacates conviction in 1990 murder PHILADELPHIA (AP) — A man has been released from Pennsylvania prison after more than three decades following a judge’s decision to vacate his conviction in a 1990 murder. The Philadelphia Inquirer reports that 61-year-old Ronald Johnson was released from State Correctional Institution-Phoenix on Monday night following a Philadelphia judge’s decision and the prosecutor’s move to […] Associated Press Liberty University agrees to unprecedented $14 million fine for failing to disclose crime data Liberty University has agreed to pay an unprecedented $14 million fine after the Christian school failed to disclose information about crimes that occurred on its Lynchburg campus, including those involving sexual assaults, the U.S. Department of Education announced Tuesday. The fine is by far the largest ever levied under the Clery Act, a law that […] Associated Press Former Speaker Gingrich donates congressional papers to New Orleans' Tulane University NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has donated his congressional papers to Tulane University’s Louisiana Research Collection. Gingrich earned a master of arts and a doctorate in education at the New Orleans university. He later became a teacher at West Georgia College before his 1978 election to the House, where he served […] Associated Press Lab leader pleads no contest to manslaughter in 2012 Michigan meningitis deaths The co-founder of a specialty pharmacy that was at the center of a deadly national meningitis outbreak in 2012 pleaded no contest to involuntary manslaughter in Michigan, authorities said Tuesday. Under a deal, Barry Cadden’s prison sentence of 10 to 15 years will be served at the same time as his current 14 1/2-year federal […] Associated Press First baby right whale of season dies from injuries caused by ship collision The first confirmed baby right whale of the year has been found dead from a collision with a ship, a devastating blow for the vanishing species. North Atlantic right whales number less than 360 and they are vulnerable to ship strikes and entanglement in fishing gear. Federal authorities were notified of a dead right whale […] Associated Press Court rules Florida's "stop woke" law restricting business diversity training is unconstitutional ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — A Florida law pushed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis that limits diversity and race-based discussions in private workplaces is unconstitutional, a federal appeals court has ruled. A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Monday upheld a Florida federal judge’s August 2022 ruling that the so-called […] Sponsored Articles Midwestern University Midwestern University Clinics: transforming health care in the valley Midwestern University, long a fixture of comprehensive health care education in the West Valley, is also a recognized leader in community health care. DISC Desert Institute for Spine Care Sciatica pain is treatable but surgery may be required Sciatica pain is one of the most common ailments a person can face, and if not taken seriously, it could become one of the most harmful. Collins Comfort Masters Here's 1 way to ensure your family is drinking safe water Water is maybe one of the most important resources in our lives, and especially if you have kids, you want them to have access to safe water. Day & Night Air Conditioning, Heating and Plumbing Day & Night is looking for the oldest AC in the Valley Does your air conditioner make weird noises or a burning smell when it starts? If so, you may be due for an AC unit replacement. Fiesta Bowl Foundation The 51st annual Vrbo Fiesta Bowl Parade is excitingly upon us The 51st annual Vrbo Fiesta Bowl Parade presented by Lerner & Rowe is upon us! The attraction honors Arizona and the history of the game. Collins Comfort Masters Avoid a potential emergency and get your home’s heating and furnace safety checked With the weather getting colder throughout the Valley, the best time to make sure your heating is all up to date is now. Phoenix, Arizona USA Contact Us Contest Rules Follow on Facebook Follow on X Email Alerts Employment FCC Applications © 2024 Bonneville International. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Data | All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report: KTAR-FM | KMVP-FM | KTAR(AM) Copyright Infringement Licensing FCC Public File: KTAR-FM | FCC Station Representative: Erin Garrett • egarrett@bonneville.comm • 602.200.2638