The Minimalists The MinimalistsBlog Start Here What’s Minimalism? 30-Day Minimalism Game Our 21-Day Journey Popular Essays All Essays How to Start a Blog Podcast Books Films Events Resources About The Minimalists Media Praise Interviews Hire to Speak Simplify Everything How to Write Better Contact Patreon Read our free ebook: 16 Rules for Living with Less The Minimalists are Emmy-nominated Netflix stars and New York Times–bestselling authors Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus. Alongside their podcast cohost, T.K. Coleman, this simple-living trio helps millions of people eliminate clutter and live meaningfully with less. Learn More. Email* CAPTCHA Facebook Instagram YouTube Search Podcast 433 | Shoes By The Minimalists · Follow: Facebook, Instagram In this public episode of The Minimalists Podcast, we talk about what to do when success feels like failure, how to let go of shoes, and taking breaks from technology. Watch all 2 hours of episode 433 on The Minimalists Private Podcast. Subscribe Apple · Spotify · Google · Soundcloud · MP3 Discussed in This Episode How can we stop caring what society wants us to do? How can I declutter the files on my phone and computer? How can I choose between two fantastic job opportunities? What are some ways to fundraise without buying and selling things? Why can’t I let go of shoes I never wear? What’s the balance between listening to experts and doing our own research? How can we take breaks from technology when everything is digital these days? How many coffee mugs are too many? Why is a paid-off car the best car? Is minimalism racist? What is “junk journaling?” Why did this Patron downsize her home? What does Seth Godin mean by “jump in the lake”? Minimal Maxims Joshua, Ryan, and T.K.’s pithy, shareable, less-than-140-character responses. Find more quotes from The Minimalists at MinimalMaxims.com. When success feels like failure, you’re playing the wrong game. Success is a multiplayer game; satisfaction is a single-player game. If you do everything you’re “supposed” to do and you’re still unhappy, question the prescriptions, not the unhappiness. If your decluttering principles get in your way, then declutter those principles. The uncomfortable path is the most fulfilling path. A thing becomes clutter the moment it ceases to add value. Meditation is a technology. Fire will either warm you or burn you depending on how deliberately you use it. Links Mentioned in This Episode Added Value: “Headlights Home“ Article: 7 Places You Can Donate Sneakers For Cash Audiobook: Emotional Clutter Book: 16 Rules for Living with Less Book: Everything That Remains Book: There Is No How Essay: The Successful Man’s Path to Lasting Satisfaction Podcast: Matt Kearney Podcast: Seth Godin Subscribe: The Minimalists’ Newsletter Tour: The Everything Tour Website: Soles4Souls.org Follow Our Team Joshua Fields Millburn Ryan Nicodemus T.K. Coleman Malabama Professor Shawn Danny Unknwn Post-Production Peter Subscribe to The Minimalists via email. SHARE Facebook Share X Post Email a Friend Email a Friend Benefits of Rest in a Busy World The different kinds of rest and when they are beneficial. MORE + The Cult of Self-Care How self-care turns into self-harm when one is self-absorbed in self-pity and suffering. MORE + Letting Go Is a Sign of Maturity The immaturity of hoarding. MORE + Emotional Clutter (Audiobook) Listen to our Emotional Clutter audiobook for free. MORE + The Shame Caused by Decluttering The judgment, criticism, and shame that sometimes accompany decluttering. MORE + The Proven Benefits of Earthing The proven scientific benefits of grounding… MORE + Monthly Zoom Calls with The Minimalists Interact with Joshua, Ryan, and T.K. on the first Friday of each month during our “Friday Afternoon Minimalist Zooms.” MORE + The Fall into Consumerism Emotional clutter sits beneath the physical clutter. MORE + The Everything Tour 2024 Join The Minimalists for a minimalism talk, live reading, audience Q&A, hugs, and more! MORE + Your Credit Score Does Not Matter Speaking with George Kamel about low credit scores. MORE + Emotional Clutter Download our new ebook, Emotional Clutter. MORE + The Shocking Marketing Tactics That Influence Bad Purchases Exposing two corporate marketing tactics that encourage people to make bad purchases. MORE + 93 Shirts, 38 Pants, 19 Shoes, 17 Jackets, 41 Socks, 21 Underwears Helping a listener with too many clothes. MORE + Simplify Everything The Minimalists’ first-ever decluttering course. MORE + Next Page »View More Powered by Bluehost | Site by SPYR | © & policies This site uses cookies. Privacy PolicyOK