Beyond Blue | 24/7 Support for Anxiety, Depression and Suicide Prevention Skip to content Back to menu Search Donate Need support? Close Need support? Our free, anonymous Forums and confidential Support Services are open 24/7 for everyone in Australia. Connect with others Online peer support community Call a counsellor 1300 224 636 for phone counselling Chat Online Webchat counselling Email us Questions answered in 24 hours Suicide and crisis support If there's an immediate risk of harm to yourself or others, please call: 000 If you are feeling suicidal, or want to support someone who is, talk to a crisis counsellor now: Lifeline 13 11 14 Every 30 seconds, a person in Australia reaches out to Lifeline for help. Suicide Call Back 1300 659 467 Providing 24/7 counselling to people affected by suicide. Get support Back Get support Talk to a counsellor today Visit our forums Get a mental health coach Find a mental health professional Support someone Learn about mental health Back Learn about mental health Check your mental health Look after your wellbeing Understand anxiety Understand depression Prevent suicide Browse stories from others Get involved Back Get involved Donate Fundraise Volunteer with us Partner with us Search Login My Account Logout Close Menu Menu Need support? We're here for you Your mental health is important. Some days are better than others and we all need a helping hand from time to time.Wherever you are in your mental health journey, we'll be here to help. Find mental health support today How can we support you? I want to check my mental healthI want to find a mental health professionalI want to learn about mental health NewAccess - Mental Health CoachingNewAccess is a confidential mental health coaching program for anyone feeling stressed or overwhelmed about everyday life issues. It's free of charge and you don't need a doctor's referral.NewAccess is currently offered in parts of New South Wales and Queensland.Find a coach today Connect with others Learn from others like you Anonymously read, share and learn from people who understand what you're going through. The Beyond Blue Forums is a welcoming peer support community. Join the Forums Stories to inspire you Sharing a story about mental health is one of the bravest things anyone can do. Hear how others from the community are moving through their own mental health experiences and be inspired by their journeys. Explore personal stories Represent Beyond Blue Volunteering for Beyond Blue is a great way to encourage conversations about mental health in the community, help to reduce stigma and the impacts of anxiety and depression. Volunteer with us Parenting, depression and coping with life – Georgie’s storyAfter a tough upbringing, Georgie wants to use her past experiences to create a safe environment for her family.See Georgie's story Get involved Fundraise for mental health Help us fund Beyond Blue's 24/7 Support Service by running a marathon, celebrating a milestone, or fundraising with your event of choice. Make an impact Partner with Beyond Blue Build your brand, engage your staff and drive the change you want to see for mental health by getting your business involved with Beyond Blue. Make a difference Give back to support others Make a donation to help improve the lives of individuals, families and communities. Support others affected by anxiety, depression and suicide. Make a donation If you're in crisis or feeling unsafe, please call 000 or Lifeline on 13 11 14. Reach out to a counsellor today Call a counsellor on 1300 22 4636 Chat to a counsellor online This website has been established to provide information about anxiety, depression and suicide to the Australian community. The website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. You should seek the advice of an appropriately qualified healthcare professional before making decisions about your own circumstances. You should not disregard professional medical advice, or delay seeking it, because of any information contained on this website. Your session is about to expire. You have 2 minutes left before being logged out. Please select 'ok' to extend your session and prevent losing any content you are working on from being lost. Subscribe to receive info about mental health, keeping well and stories from our community. Subscribe to newsletter About us Media Careers Contact us Get involved Donate Mental health at work Mental health in education Mental health in the home Beyond Blue acknowledges First Nations peoples and communities as the Traditional Owners of the land. We acknowledge and pay our respects to Elders past and present, and emerging leaders. Beyond Blue is committed to safe inclusive spaces, policies and services for people of LGBTIQ+ communities and their families. Premier partner Copyright © 2022 Beyond Blue Ltd All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy policy Site map Back to top