Peter Engels is one of the best contemporary portrait painters Portrait paintings Sculptures Commission-Opdracht Exhibitions Press Bio Art News Contact Newsletter Search Portrait painter Peter Engels See the ArtSee the sculpturesPeter Engels is one of the best portrait painters Why collecting art by Peter Engels? The main reason to buy a portrait by artist Peter Engels is primarily because you love his art. Because the style, colors, texture and subject appeal to you. But also because Peter Engels regularly produces new work, exhibits internationally, generates high-profile press, and because he has a large clientele at home and abroad. These are the 6 most important paintings by Peter Engels: Peter Engels’ portrait of Nelson Mandela was displayed on Reuters’ largest billboard of the world on Times Square, New York, on Mandela’s birthday. Prince Albert of Monaco bought the portrait painting of Grace Kelly. Nicole Kidman lived in Peter Engels’ home town and he painted her Vintage Portrait. He painted Estée Lauder’s portrait for her villa in Cannes, France. Richard Branson was painted ‘live’ in front of an audience of 1,600 people. Karl Lagerfeld said that Peter Engels is the ‘painter of the soul’ Peter Engels is one of the best portrait painters Peter Engels gained international fame with the portrait painting of Nelson Mandela. Portraits by artist Peter Engels are characterized by his black and white tones and sepia colors. He applies the paint with the pallet knife, which gives the artwork a lot of texture and character. He portrays prominent people, celebrities and he paints portraits of members of the royal family and captains of industry. Peter Engels paints commissioned portraits: children, spouses, parents, entire families and wedding portraits. He also creates portraits of people with their passion: someone with his classic car, with his sailing yacht, the architect with his building … Karl Lagerfeld said that Peter Engels mainly paints the soul. CONTACT Peter Engels Peter Engels is een van de beste portretschilders Peter Engels verwierf internationale bekendheid met het portretschilderij van Nelson Mandela. Portretten van kunstenaar Peter Engels worden gekenmerkt door zijn zwart-witte tinten en sepia-kleuren. Hij brengt de verf aan met het palletmes, wat het kunstwerk veel textuur en karakter geeft. Hij portretteert prominente mensen en beroemdheden. Hij schildert portretten van leden van de koninklijke familie en bedrijfsleiders. Peter Engels schildert portretten in opdracht: kinderen, echtgenoten, ouders, hele gezinnen en trouwportretten. En ook portretten van mensen met hun passie: iemand met zijn klassieke auto, met zijn zeiljacht, de architect met zijn gebouw … Karl Lagerfeld zei dat Peter Engels vooral de ziel schildert. CONTACTEER Peter Engels Peter Engels est l’un des meilleurs portraitistes Peter Engels a acquis une renommée internationale avec le portrait de Nelson Mandela. Les portraits de l’artiste Peter Engels se caractérisent par ses tons noir et blanc et ses couleurs sépia. Il applique la peinture au couteau à palette, ce qui confère à l’œuvre d’art beaucoup de texture et de caractère. Il représente des personnalités et des célébrités et peint des portraits de membres de la famille royale et des gestionnaires de grandes entreprises. Peter Engels peint des portraits sur commande: enfants, conjoints, parents, familles entières et portraits de mariage. Et aussi des portraits de passionnés: quelqu’un avec sa voiture classique, avec son voilier, l’architecte avec son bâtiment … Karl Lagerfeld a déclaré que Peter Engels peignait principalement l’âme. CONTACTEZ Peter Engels Peter Engels ist einer der besten Porträtmaler Peter Engels ist einer der besten zeitgenössischen Porträtmaler. Internationale Bekanntheit erlangte er mit der Porträtmalerei von Nelson Mandela. Porträts des Künstlers Peter Engels zeichnen sich durch Schwarz-Weiß-Töne und Sepia-Farben aus. Er trägt die Farbe mit dem Spachtel auf, was dem Kunstwerk viel Textur und Charakter verleiht. Er porträtiert Prominente und Bekante Menschen und er malt Porträts von Mitgliedern der königlichen Familie und Manager großer Unternehmen. Peter Engels malt Auftragsporträts: Kinder, Ehepartner, Eltern, ganze Familien und Hochzeitsporträts. Und auch Porträts von Menschen mit ihrer persönlichen Leidenschaft: Jemand mit seinem Oldtimer, mit seiner Segelyacht, dem Architekten mit seinem Gebäude … Karl Lagerfeld sagte, dass Peter Engels hauptsächlich die Seele malt. Peter Engels KONTAKTIEREN Questions? Information? Prices? Contact Peter Engels ABOUT Peter Engels is a contemporary international artist well-known for his ‘Vintage Portraits’. His celebrity portraits, painted with the pallet knife in his typical sepia tones are unique and innovatory. Peter Engels Highlights Nelson Mandela Karl Lagerfeld Grace Kelly Michael Jackson … more info Biography Instagram Facebook Privacy policy Contact art@peterengels.eu +32 4 77 42 58 58 Trade name: Marathon Agency BV TVA number: be 0463760265 Receive promotions and news: subscribe here Email address: Laat dit veld leeg als je een mens bent: © 2019 Peter Engels – All rights reserved This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy Sluiten Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Altijd ingeschakeld Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. OPSLAAN & ACCEPTEREN Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences Privacy Policy