Sustainable Fishing | MSC | Marine Stewardship Council Toggle Search Skip to main content Select a language or country Australia & New Zealand - English Belgium China - Mandarin Denmark - Danish Finland - Finnish France - French Germany, Austria, Switzerland - German Iceland Indonesia Italy - Italian Japan - Japanese Korea - Korean MSC International - English Netherlands - Dutch Norway - Norwegian Poland - Polish Portugal - Portuguese Russia - Russian Spain - Spanish Sweden - Swedish UK & Ireland - English US & Canada - English News & media Certification bodies Teachers & parents Donate End overfishing What is sustainable fishing? What is overfishing? Our approach Our impact Fishing methods and gear types Fishers' stories MSC and the United Nations Climate change and fishing Sign up for MSC newsletters Sustainable seafood Sustainable seafood recipes Foodie guides What is the blue label? Fish guides Fishers' stories Ocean ambassadors Sign up for our recipe newsletter Science Climate change research Ocean Stewardship Fund - Funded projects Our Standards - Fisheries Standard - Chain of Custody Standard - ASC-MSC Seaweed Standard - Developing our Standards The MSC and the United Nations Fisheries Why get MSC certified? - Find your local MSC contact - Certification guide Fishery Improvement projects Fisheries funding Track a fishery The Fisheries Standard The MSC-ASC Seaweed Standard Certification bodies - Fishery program documents - Supporting documents - Harmonisation database Supply chain Why get MSC certified? - Find your local MSC contact - Certification guide Find a supplier The Chain of Custody Standard The MSC-ASC Seaweed Standard After certification: resources Use the MSC label Certification bodies - Chain of Custody program documents - Supporting documents About the MSC Contact us What is the MSC? Press releases How we meet best practice Reports and brochures Our governance Our executive committee Working at the MSC Our history Our strategy Our funding and finances Select a language or country Australia & New Zealand - English Belgium China - Mandarin Denmark - Danish Finland - Finnish France - French Germany, Austria, Switzerland - German Iceland Indonesia Italy - Italian Japan - Japanese Korea - Korean MSC International - English Netherlands - Dutch Norway - Norwegian Poland - Polish Portugal - Portuguese Russia - Russian Spain - Spanish Sweden - Swedish UK & Ireland - English US & Canada - English The Decision: A tuna fishery’s quest for sustainability Our short documentary is among the finalists for the Smiley Charity Film Awards 2024 and longlisted in Geographical magazine's Better World video awards. Watch and vote The MSC in numbers 19% of marine wild catch engaged with the MSC program (certified, in assessment, suspended, and in-transition) 2,225 improvements made by MSC certified fisheries by the end of March 2023 95% of certified fisheries have made improvements in practice What drives fishery improvements? A new peer-reviewed paper by MSC researchers sheds light on the factors and incentives that drive improvements in fisheries seeking to achieve certification. Read the story Join us for Seafood Futures Forum 2024 Our annual flagship event will take place on 24 April 2024 at 9am CEST, live from Seafood Expo Global in Barcelona. All our stakeholders are invited to attend, either in person or online. Find out more and register Ocean Stewardship Fund projects Reducing sawfish interactions in Australia Reducing sawfish and sea snake bycatch in the Northern Prawn fishery through gear modifications. Improving data on seabird interactions in Alaska A new app is to be developed and trialled in the Alaska salmon fishery to gather data on seabird interactions. Genetic testing to identify octopus species in Madagascar A PhD Student will carry out DNA analysis to confirm the species present in catch from the Southwest Madagascar fishery. Witness to Climate Change: Austral fisheries Witness to Climate Change: Austral fisheries What does the blue MSC Label mean? Read more Fisheries Why get your fishery MSC certified? Certification ensures sustainable resources and livelihoods for future generations. Fishery certification guide What's needed to achieve MSC certification. Fisheries Standard 3.0 implementation Timelines have been extended for the implementation of MSC Fisheries Standard Version 3 Ocean lives Fishing is more than just a job, it forms the backbone of many communities. Read about passionate people bringing sustainable seafood to your plate and download our small-scale fisheries report. Read the fishers' stories Image Credits '{{item.Image.Title}}', {{item.Image.Artist}}, {{item.Image.Description}} Help Contact us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Submitting a complaint Explore Our approach What is the MSC? The MSC Standards Working at the MSC - Jobs MSC Global HeadquartersMarine House1 Snow HillLondonEC1A 2DH EuropeRegistered Charity number:1066806The Charity Commission - GOV.UKRegistered Company number:3322023 North AmericaNon profit status: 501 (C) (3)AustraliaNon profit status: Registered with ACNC Select a language or country Australia & New Zealand - English Belgium China - Mandarin Denmark - Danish Finland - Finnish France - French Germany, Austria, Switzerland - German Iceland Indonesia Italy - Italian Japan - Japanese Korea - Korean MSC International - English Netherlands - Dutch Norway - Norwegian Poland - Polish Portugal - Portuguese Russia - Russian Spain - Spanish Sweden - Swedish UK & Ireland - English US & Canada - English Track a fishery Email sign up © 2024 Marine Stewardship Council. All rights reserved.