Lomography Lomography Shop Photos Magazine Competitions Events School Homes About Login Menu Hello Login Register Shop Cameras Film Lenses Instant Other Photos Random Photo Selected Photos Magazine Homes Movies Competitions Events School About The 10 Golden Rules History Store Locator Careers FAQ Terms & Conditions Contact Gifts, Custom Editions & Corporate Purchases Downloads More Tags Cameras Films Countries & Regions Cities Dates Times Search Shoutbox Lomography International Lomography Deutschland Lomography España Lomography France Lomography Italia Lomography 日本 Lomography 대한민국 Lomography ประเทศไทย Lomography Türkiye Lomography 台灣 Lomography 香港 Lomography Indonesia Lomography Hello, it’s nice to see you! A tropical treat for the senses, this special edition Fisheye No.2 camera is so juicy and lively that you might just want to take a bite – but hold that thought…This vibrant gem isn’t for eating; it’s for capturing life’s most exhilarating moments in delectable spherical snaps! Scoop up your Fisheye No. 2 Papaya Pop now to indulge in creativity with any 35 mm film. Shop Seize the day and savor each moment captured in Instant Square photos with theLomo’Instant Square Glass Combo (Black Edition)! Grab it today at a reduced price! Photos Making magic out of ordinary moments through film. From everyone here in Lomography, congratulations to deme on winning Photo of the Day! Magazine Last spring, in collaboration with Perimetro, we launched an Open Call in which we invited photographers from all over Italy to create a personal project with one roll of 35 mm Lomography film. Today we present Elisa Norcini’s "Città da Favola", shot on LomoChrome Turquoise. Rodrigo (@Heymars) on the Creativity of Instant Photography With the Lomo'Instant Square Glass Looking to use instant photography more professionally and creatively, Rodrigo (@heymars) picked up the Lomo'Instant Square Glass for his project photographing legends of the Marseilles hip-hop scene. Explore Our Films No matter if you are looking for 35 mm, 120 Medium Format, 110 or Instant Film, there’s a roll waiting for you! Some Interesting Things What are you looking for? Search If you’ve been around for a while: join the conversation in our Shoutbox, take a look at the ongoing Competitions or browse through all Homes. Lomo School Forget about stuffy classrooms with chewing gum on the seats, welcome to the most exciting school you’ve ever been to! Learn everything from the analogue basics to advanced experimental techniques with these photography courses. Lomography Store Locator Whether on holiday or at home, Lomography is never far away. Wherever you are in the word, find your closest Lomography stockist and explore what analogue goodies they supply. Shop News The Fisheye Baby is Back Whilst the Fisheye Baby 110 is small and simple, don’t let that fool you – it delivers truly breathtaking Lomographic snapshots full of vignettes, light leaks and good old analogue charm. Available in our Shop Looking to Partner With Lomography and Customize a Camera, Film or Art Lens? We have a proven track record of delivering corporate gifting and customization projects with leading companies across the Museum, Fashion, and Luxury sectors! Get in touch and let’s talk about your idea! @pixleepics on Discovering Analogue Photography and His Love of 110 Format written by rocket_fries0036 on 2024-02-28 #gear #people #places We talk to one of our top new comers from last year @pixleepics on how he discovered analogue photography, his love for 110 format and what he has in store for his second year of film photography. 4 Share Tweet How to make a darkroom at home? When setting up a darkroom, it is crucial to find an adequate space and purchase a good enlarger. Every other tool can be easily found online. Ongoing Competitions Women in Analogue Community Captures: Lomography x CRC NYC Lomography x Masseria Wave - Out of Office Travel and Documentary Awards 2024 Experimental Photography Award 2024 Now or Never Award 2024 Nature Photography Awards 2024 Special Category Award 2024 Portraiture Award 2024 Street Photography Awards 2024 Marco Kiko Chan: Celebrating Culture and Friendship with Lomography Color Negative 120 Film written by eloffreno on 2024-02-22 #gear #culture #people #places With his camera loaded with Lomography Color Negative 120 ISO 400 film, New York City-based photographer Marco Kiko Chan hit the streets with an old friend to reminisce on Filipino culture and snap some incredible shots. 1 4 Share Tweet Lomographer Natallia Russiyan on Analogue Experimentation and Creative Inspirations written by sylvann on 2024-02-26 #culture #people For film photographer Natallia Russiyan, the Lomography community is "a big open gate to a bright, warm world". This view translates to her work which is as varied and vibrant as her creative methods. 3 9 Share Tweet Shop News The Lomo LC-A Minitar-1 Art Lens This compact Art Lens brings the iconic LC-A+ characteristics of brilliantly vivid colors and gorgeous vignettes to your mirrorless camera using a compact and lightweight close-up adapter, for a special bundle price! Get it in our Shop Most Popular Tags 35mm summer xpro kodak lomo lomography film friends x-pro city nature color beach lc-a expired b&w street fun travel people fuji winter cross lca sea redscale diana canon doubles trip analog fisheye bw sun spring double portrait party black holga white sky slide holiday night black and white water nikon japan blackandwhite Deconstructing the Boundaries Between Humans and Nature: In Conversation with Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen written by emiliee on 2024-02-21 #people #in-depth We spoke with the Scandinavian artist duo Karoline Hjorth and Riitta Ikonen behind the decade-long analogue project "Eyes as Big as Plates", which sees elderly people from all over the world dressed in wearable sculptures made from the likes of mosses, lingonberries, nettles, and mushrooms. 1 10 Share Tweet Shop News Lomo LC-Wide Camera Capture the world in wonderfully wide-angle snap shots on 35mm film with the 17mm Minigon 1 Ultra-Wide-Angle lens and the Lomo LC-Wide! Buy Now In Depth: Photos as Objects of Recollection written by sylvann on 2024-02-29 #in-depth What do we do with photos that conjure painful memories we'd rather forget? We'll talk about that and more in this in-depth article on photos as objects of recollection. 4 14 Share Tweet Our great community members have uploaded 16,642,366 photos so far. Browse all of them or search by tags, countries, cities, cameras or films. Be a part of it and add your photos as well! More Interesting Things Most Popular Films Lomography Color Negative 400 (35mm) Kodak Gold 200 (35mm) Lomography XPro 200 ISO 35mm Lomography Color Negative 100 Kodak Color Plus 200 (35mm) Fuji Superia 400 (35mm) Lomography X-Pro Chrome 100 Agfa CT Precisa 100 (35mm) Fuji Superia 200 (35mm) Lomography Color Negative 800 ISO 35mm Capture Your Wedding on Film With this Reusable Alternative to Disposable Cameras written by kylavillena on 2024-03-05 #gear Your wedding day is one of the most special moments of your life. So, what's the best way to capture your once-in-a-lifetime memories on film? Say hello to the Lomography Simple Use Camera Wedding Bundle! Share Tweet Shop News Digitalize Your Analog Wolrd with the New DigitaLIZA Max Take full control over the scanning of your 35mm, 120 and special format negatives using your smartphone or digital camera and the DigitaLIZA Max scanning kit! Get it in our Shop Love With The LomoKino by Judd Figuerres and Ipe Cervantes written by rocket_fries0036 on 2024-03-05 #gear #people #places Filipino LomoAmigos Judd Figuerres and Ipe Cervantes took out the LomoKino as a third wheel for their date around the historic Old Manila. Check out their results and read their story here! Share Tweet Irene Baqué on Seeking Timeless Moments and Documenting Cultural Traditions written by macasaett on 2024-03-04 #people Filmmaker and photographer Irene Baqué isn’t afraid to tap into nostalgia in her work. Having started her film journey with a Lomograhy Fisheye One back when she was a teen, she speaks with us about how she employs qualities of film in her still and motion picture work. 4 Share Tweet Shop News Simple Use Reloadable Film Camera LomoChrome Turquoise Explore a wonderland of tantalizing turquoise tones with that authentic 80s disposable camera aesthetic without creating needless plastic waste. Get your hands on the Simple Use Reloadable Film Camera LomoChrome Turquoise today! Available in our Shop Interview: Ana Topoleanu on Motherhood, Film Photography & Feminism written by sylvann on 2024-02-28 #culture #people #places Documentary photographer Ana Topoleanu considers film as the catalyst for her love for photography. We got to know more about the cherished stories behind her images, and how her photography extends into all aspects of her life. 1 10 Share Tweet Community Gallery: Wildlife on Film written by sylvann on 2024-03-03 #culture #places In today's community gallery, we're sharing some incredible wildlife photos taken by community members that remind us of the importance of being connected with and protecting the natural world. 3 9 Share Tweet Most Popular Cameras Lomo LC-A Lomo LC-A+ Lomography Diana Mini & Flash Half-frame & Square Camera Lomography Diana F+ Lomo LC-Wide Lomography Fisheye No. 2 Lomo LC-A+ Russian Lens Lomography Fisheye One Lomography La Sardina Lomography Sprocket Rocket Kelsey Smith on His Medium Format Journey, Night Photography, and Love for Lomography CN 800 Film written by eloffreno on 2024-02-25 #gear #people Today we're catching up with LomoAmigo Kelsey Smith about his recent rekindled love for night photography, the magic of medium format, and the nuances of shooting with Lomography Color Negative 800 film. 2 Share Tweet Ongoing & Upcoming Events Capturing The Moment James Balog: Photographs from the Anthropocene Charlie Phillips’ How Great Thou Art – 50 Years of African Caribbean Funerals in London Frank Ockenfels 3 – Introspection Tony (AJ) Barratt Exhibition Transformations: American Photographs from the 1970s ICP at 50 David Seidner: Fragments, 1977–99 Diana Lomografías First Came a Friendship: Sidney B. Felsen and the Artists at Gemini G.E.L. Meet the Complete Lomography 110 Film Range written by macasaett on 2024-03-04 #gear View the complete catalogue of Lomography 110 film stocks: from our signature Color Tiger 200 to our uniquely color-shifting LomoChrome line. See how these rolls, fit for the pocket-sized camera, can transform your photography in ways unimaginable. 5 Share Tweet Shop News Get Really Experimental With The LomoMod No.1! Rediscover medium format photography with the ultimate DIY cardboard camera, the LomoMod No.1! Available in our Shop Tipster: Pulling the High Contrast Fantôme Kino B&W ISO 8 Film written by eparrino on 2024-02-27 #tutorials Explore different developing techniques to work with a high contrast black and white film and get the perfect negative for darkroom prints. We analyze pulling the Fantôme Kino B&W 35 mm ISO 8. 2 4 Share Tweet Shop News Make LomoChromatic Magic with Metropolis Film! Desaturate colors, mute tones, and make contrasts pop with the unique chemical formula of the LomoChrome Metropolis film. Buy Now Jeremi is our LomoHome of the Day! Lomographer jeremi's LomoHome is a floral wonderland. From everyone here in Lomography, congratulations to jeremi on winning Home of the Day! Even More Interesting Things Lomography Newcomers: @bemsha on the Analogue Artist's Way written by macasaett on 2024-03-03 #people In this edition of Lomography Newcomers we get to know Tatsuo (@bemsha), and learn about his analogue passions, from film photography to vinyl. 4 Share Tweet New York Angles: Brian Cho's Ultra-Wide Shoot with the Atoll Art Lens written by alexa_alexiades on 2024-02-21 #gear #people #places A while back, we sent photographer Brian Cho one of our Atoll Ultra-Wide 2.8/17 Art Lenses to test out, in a place none other than New York City. He's here today to chat with us about what he's been up to and his experience shooting with the lens! 4 Share Tweet Shop News Lomo LC-A+ 35 mm Film Camera Conquer the world one iconic 35mm photo at a time with the camera that started it all, the Lomo LC-A+! Available in our Shop Lomography x Perimetro – 36 Shots, One Story: Interview with Elisa Norcini written by melissaperitore on 2024-02-29 #gear Last spring, in collaboration with Perimetro, we launched an Open Call in which we invited photographers from all over Italy to create a personal project with one roll of 35 mm Lomography film. Today we present Elisa Norcini’s "Città da Favola", shot on LomoChrome Turquoise. 2 7 Share Tweet Should you push film in low light? Pushing the film in low light conditions depends on a few variables including how dark the environment is, and if you think it will be necessary to let in more light to achieve the image you’re going for. Shop News Explore the Urban Jungle With the Simple Use Metropolis Camera Capture stark color shifts and muted tones with the LomoChrome Metropolis ISO 100-400 Simple Use Film Camera! Get it in our Shop Gavin Lowndes' Environmental Portraits with Lomography Film 2024-03-01 #news Dublin-based Photographer Gavin Lowndes has been experimenting with a mix of Lomography films for a variety of different photo shoots and talked to us about the preparation that goes into shooting with film. 3 Share Tweet What is a contact sheet? A contact sheet is a printed photographic paper that includes on a single page all the photos taken on the roll. Capturing the Northern Californian Landscape with Brendan Flesher and Lomography's Color Negative Family written by alexa_alexiades on 2024-02-23 #people #places Brendan Flesher (a.k.a Expired Bren) shares a wonderful series of photos shot on Lomography Color Negative 100, 400, and 800. He gives us insight into his journey into analogue photography, the influence of history in his work, and his process shooting with our Color Negative film family. 4 Share Tweet Most Popular Countries & Regions United States Germany United Kingdom Italy Spain Japan Russia France Philippines Malaysia Thailand Taiwan Brazil Canada Indonesia Singapore Netherlands Austria Portugal Turkey Australia Hong Kong China Ukraine Belgium Mexico Czech Republic Finland Poland Argentina Switzerland Chile Sweden Greece South Korea Slovakia New Zealand Denmark Hungary Ireland India Romania Belarus Iceland Peru Norway Bulgaria Vietnam Venezuela Croatia Event Recap: 120 on 1/20 Portrait Study with Essential Photo Supply & Jonathan Lovett written by eloffreno on 2024-02-22 #gear #culture #news #people Our efforts to keep medium format alive have snowballed thanks to the support of our community members, LomoAmigos, and film partners. Perfectly exemplifying this is the recent workshop held in collaboration with Essential Photo Supply and led by LomoAmigo Jonathan Lovett. 2 Share Tweet Shop News Fisheye No. 2 Acapulco La Quebrada Get loco in Acapulco with your new fisheye friend, dressed in a one-of-a-kind striped fabric design, to capture your wildest adventures in an incredible 170° fisheye view! Get it in our Shop Daylight VS Tungsten Light In Analogue Photography written by eparrino on 2024-02-23 #gear In today's article, we discuss white balance in film photography. Which films are suitable for which circumstances, how to use them, and what to do when you find yourself in challenging light situations. 3 Share Tweet Your Quick Guide to Analogue Photography Don’t know your 35 mm from your 110? Never heard of medium format? Confused about cross-processing? This guide gives a brief overview of everything analogue and you’ll be an expert in no time! Get a head start with film photography with our downloadable 12-page PDF guide. Macy Castañeda Lee: Exploring New Territory with Medium Format Street Photography written by alexa_alexiades on 2024-02-24 #people #places In this article highlighting the versatility of medium format, New York and Manila-based photographer Macy Castañeda Lee shares their experience of shooting street photography on 120 film while traveling through Southeast Asia. 6 Share Tweet Trending Photos Even More Interesting Things What is light painting? Light Painting (sometimes known as Light Graffiti) is a technique where you can alter the photo by creating movements of light within the image. Shop News Exclusive and Elegant - The Lomo’Instant Wide Monte Carlo Edition Glistening sports cars crunch on the gravel as they pull up the iconic driveway. Stilettos click on polished marble floors and diamond-encrusted jewelry sparkles on elegantly dressed figures. With a refined black leather and silver metallic design, this sharp and sophisticated ultra-wide instant camera is dressed to impress. Get it in our Shop Making a Moment: @grenville's Simple and Clean Composition written by alexgray on 2024-02-25 #making-a-moment Lomographer John (AKA @grenville) gives us his tips on how to photograph strangers, and shares an image taken in the unique environment of a peaceful and unoccupied art gallery. 6 Share Tweet Most Popular Cities London Berlin Bangkok Paris Moscow Barcelona New York Tokyo Madrid Singapore Vienna Istanbul Hong Kong Saint-Petersburg Amsterdam Taipei San Francisco Bandung Prague hong kong Rio de Janeiro Hamburg Toronto kuala lumpur jakarta Los Angeles, CA Manila Rome Buenos Aires Taipei City Melbourne Rostov-on-Don Budapest Seoul Beijing Sydney Manchester São Paulo Shanghai Lisbon Milano Honolulu Singapore Como Helsinki Vaasa Porto Chicago Kuala Lumpur Landshut The Charm of Medium Format: Filmlog Manager Dahae Lee Shoots with the Diana F+ written by hey_springtime on 2024-03-01 #gear #partners Lee Dahye, the manager of Filmlog's Seoul flagship store, shoots with the Diana F+ and LomoChrome Metropolis film, and shares with us her hopes for the future of 120 film photography. 2 Share Tweet Community Gallery: Star Trails on Film written by sylvann on 2024-02-26 #people #places Heavenly bodies make heavenly images on film! In this community gallery, we're taking a look at a few star trail photos taken by our community members and appreciating the challenges and rewarding nature of astrophotography. 2 14 Share Tweet What does it mean to overexpose vs underexpose a photo? Put simply, an overexposed image is one that is brighter than the reality of the scene you’re trying to photograph, while an underexposed image is darker than reality. Overexposure generally means you are giving your film too much light, and with underexposure you have the opposite problem of not enough light. Shop News Shake off Expectations and Let the Diana Instant Square Fill Your Frame "The new Diana Instant Square camera is an instant camera that rekindles the charm of the 1960s classic." —profifoto Buy Now Open Positions at Lomography Wholesale Marketing Internship - DACH market (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) International Marketing Traineeship Wholesales Marketing Trainee Marketing Volontariat Austria, Germany & Switzerland (m/f/x - Internship) Online Marketing & Retail Internship Spain (HQ Vienna, Austria) Graphic Design Intern (m/f/x) Finance & Administration Executive (Manila) E-Commerce & Shop Assistant – Manila Wholesale Marketing Internship - Australian Market Wholesale Marketing Internship - Indian Market Subject in Movement with Ben Bradish-Ellames and the Lomo LC-A 120 2024-02-27 #news #people Portrait and dance photographer Ben Bradish-Ellames tested out the Lomo LC-A 120 camera in a studio setting. He talked to us about capturing movement through long exposures with this unique medium format camera. 4 Share Tweet What are the best techniques for taking multiple exposure photos? Multiple exposures are one of the best ways to push your creativity with film photography. Here are a few techniques to help you take your photos to the next level. Shop News Always Have the Right Prime at the Right Time With the Neptune Convertible Art Lens System Reach different levels of creative heights with the epic, handcrafted, interchangeable lenses of the Neptune Convertible Art Lens System! Get it in our Shop Tell Beall Incorporates Digital Art in Medium Format Portraiture written by alexa_alexiades on 2024-03-02 #people Atlanta-based photographer and cinematographer Tell Beall presents a series of portraits shot on Lomography Color Negative 800 120 film, including a wonderful blend of analogue photography and digital art. 2 Share Tweet Shop News Back Again by Popular Demand! The Diana F+ CMYK and Black Jack Editions have come back in stock! Grab yours while supplies last! Equipped with a classic flash, the Diana F+ 120 film camera is back! Available in four standard process colors of CMYK, or stylish black in Black Jack, this classic Lo-Fi machine is not to be missed! Get it in our Shop Everyday Scenes in 120 with Parallax Photographic Coop and the Diana F+ 2024-02-24 #gear #partners As part of our mission to save 120 film we invited the team at Parallax Photographic Coop in Brixton to try out the Diana F+ around the streets of south London and talk to us about the future of medium format. 2 3 Share Tweet Languages You’re currently viewing this page in English. You can change your language preferences any time you like — just select your language from the dropdown list! Lomography International Lomography Deutschland Lomography España Lomography France Lomography Italia Lomography 日本 Lomography 대한민국 Lomography ประเทศไทย Lomography Türkiye Lomography 台灣 Lomography 香港 Lomography Indonesia Newsletter Keep up to date with all things Lomography! Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know about amazing deals, brand new products, and essential creative photography news. Subscribe Shop Online Cameras Films Lenses Accessories Gifts, Custom Editions & Corporate Purchases Browse our Photos Tags Cameras Films Countries Cities Magazine News People Gear Tutorials Places Videos Join our Competitions About Our Competitions Ongoing Competitions About Us What the Hell is Lomography? The Ten Golden Rules Calendar Store Locator Work for Lomography Contact our Customerservice Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Explore our Channels Art Lenses Analogue Digitaliza Instant LomoMod Multiple Exposure Simple Use Got any questions? Contact Us Frequenty Asked Questions Find us elsewhere Facebook Instagram Twitter Vimeo Youtube © Lomography 1994–2024 × Subscribe to our newsletter Sign up to our newsletter and get 10% off a selection of items! We’ll send you exciting photography interviews, crazy tips and tricks, competitions giveaways, and unmissable offers. No funny business, just a whole heap of Lomography love right to your inbox. Subscribe