British Museum Facebooksprite-icon-instagramTwittersprite-icon-wechatWeiboXsprite-icon-youtubesprite-icon-accessibleGroup 3sprite-icon-arrowsprite-icon-audio-descriptionsprite-icon-calendarsprite-icon-cameraUI/Chevron/Large/Blacksprite-icon-chevronArtboard 1sprite-icon-copyrightsprite-icon-datasprite-icon-downloadsprite-icon-gridsprite-icon-imageisprite-icon-listsprite-icon-magazinesprite-icon-maximisesprite-icon-museumsprite-icon-osd-minussprite-icon-osd-plusGroup 6sprite-icon-pinsprite-icon-plussprite-icon-printFill 1sprite-icon-sharesprite-icon-shopsprite-icon-tagsprite-icon-teasprite-icon-ten-percent-tagArtboard 1sprite-icon-walletsprite-icon-zoom Skip to main content Please enable JavaScript in your web browser to get the best experience. Menu Main navigation Visit Toggle Visit submenu Back to previous menu — Visit — Visit — Family visits — Group visits — Audio app — Out-of-hours tours — Tours and talks — Object trails — Accessibility — Food and drink — Late opening on Fridays — Museum map Exhibitions and events Collection Toggle Collection submenu Back to previous menu — Collection — Collection — Collection online — Galleries — Blog — The British Museum podcast Learn Toggle Learn submenu Back to previous menu — Learn — Learn — Schools — Communities — Adult learning — Young people Membership Toggle Membership submenu Back to previous menu — Membership — Membership — Members' events — Young Friends — Existing Members — Visiting as a Member Support us Toggle Support us submenu Back to previous menu — Support us — Donate — Corporate support — Become a Patron — Supporter case studies — Become a Volunteer — Existing Patrons — Leave a legacy — American Friends of the British Museum Secondary navigation Shop Search Donate Hide menu The British Museum Welcome to the British Museum Experience cultures across the globe, from the dawn of human history to the present. Plan your visit Pause video Audio described version Show image caption Close image caption The Great Court at the British Museum. Explore the Great Court Discover two million years of human history and culture Free entry – book online Open today: 10.00–17.00 Last entry: 16.45 Exhibitions and events See all exhibitions and events Legionlife in the Roman army . Book now . Exhibition 1 Feb 2024 – 23 Jun 2024 Book now Michelangelothe last decades . Book now . Exhibition 2 May 2024 – 28 Jul 2024 Book now Visit the Museum Plan your visit Book tickets and plan your day including exhibitions, facilities, access, food and travel. Museum map Navigate the Museum with ease, using our floor-by-floor plan and discover what not to miss. Galleries Walk through two million years of history and culture across more than 50 galleries. Family visits From family facilities to activities and events, discover how to enjoy the best experience with kids. Become a Member Enjoy exclusive events, unlimited access to exhibitions and the Members' Room, plus discounts in the Museum shops, cafés and restaurants. Find out more What's online... Introduction to Michelangelo: the last decades Discover the extraordinary dynamism of Michelangelo's work in the final 30 years of his life with exhibition curator, Sarah Vowles. Explore the Roman empire Wander the streets of the ancient Roman city of Pompeii, with these archival photos from the 1930s and 1960s on Collection online. Who was the Chevalier d'Eon? This LGBTQ history month, learn about gender diversity in the 18th century through the fascinating life of this soldier, diplomat and spy. Discover Japan Find out how continuity and change have shaped Japan's past and present. See imposing Samurai armour and ornate Kakeimon elephants. Sign up to our newsletters Stay connected to the British Museum for the latest news, stories, exhibitions, events and visitor information. Sign up UK and the world Research Driving the care, display and understanding of the collection, find out about projects, studentships and publications. Departments Learn about our research departments, outreach, training, study rooms and access to the collection. National Find out how the Museum shares expertise and the collection across more than 250 UK cultural organisations. International Loans, research and touring exhibitions are some of the many ways we build ties internationally. See our current collaborations. Search Collection online From the Rosetta Stone to Japanese netsuke, discover a wealth of information about Museum objects in our searchable database. Start your search Explore the collection See all Egypt Read more Desire, love and identity Read the blog Animals See the collection Americas See the collection Death and memory Read more Africa See the collection Welcome to the British Museum Shop Shop now Inspired by the Museum https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/inspired-by-the-british-mus… Inspired by the Lewis Chessmen https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/lewis-chessmen-collection.h… Inspired by Sutton Hoo https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/sutton-hoo.html Inspired by London https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/inspired-by-london.html Inspired by cats https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/inspired-by-cats.html Inspired by Hokusai https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/inspired-by-hokusai.html Inspired by ancient Egypt https://www.britishmuseumshoponline.org/inspired-by/ancient-egypt.html Connect with us Enter your email address to receive our newsletter Facebook X (formerly Twitter) Instagram Youtube weibo wechat . Opens a pop-up detailing how to access wechat. Close wechat Scan the QR code to be taken to WeChat. Back to the top Free entry Great Russell Street London WC1B 3DG +44 (0)20 7323 8000 Opening hours Daily: 10.00–17.00 (Fridays: 20.30)Last entry: 16.45 (Fridays: 20.15) Footer About us Governance The British Museum story Jobs Press Contact us Visit Museum map Exhibitions and events Accessibility Food and drink Audio guide Commercial Commercial hire Filming BM Images Licensing British Museum Press Travel trade tours Our work Departments National International How to borrow Research Research projects Research publications Scientific studies Resources Study rooms Library and archive Search the collection Blog Footer Legal Links Privacy policy Cookies Accessibility statement Terms of use Modern Slavery Act Statement Chinese site 中文 © 2024 The Trustees of the British Museum