Home | Archive of Our Own Main Content While we've done our best to make the core functionality of this site accessible without javascript, it will work better with it enabled. Please consider turning it on! Archive of Our Own beta Log In User name or email: Password: Remember Me Forgot password? Get an Invitation Site Navigation Fandoms All Fandoms Anime & Manga Books & Literature Cartoons & Comics & Graphic Novels Celebrities & Real People Movies Music & Bands Other Media Theater TV Shows Video Games Uncategorized Fandoms Browse Works Bookmarks Tags Collections Search Works Bookmarks Tags People About About Us News FAQ Wrangling Guidelines Donate or Volunteer Search Works Work Search: tip: buffy gen teen AND "no archive warnings apply" A fan-created, fan-run, nonprofit, noncommercial archive for transformative fanworks, like fanfiction, fanart, fan videos, and podfic more than 63,920 fandoms | 6,806,000 users | 12,620,000 works The Archive of Our Own is a project of the Organization for Transformative Works. With an AO3 account, you can: Share your own fanworks Get notified when your favorite works, series, or users update Participate in challenges Keep track of works you've visited and works you want to check out later You can join by getting an invitation from our automated invite queue. All fans and fanworks are welcome! Get Invited! Find your favorites All Fandoms Anime & Manga Books & Literature Cartoons & Comics & Graphic Novels Celebrities & Real People Movies Music & Bands Other Media Theater TV Shows Video Games Uncategorized Fandoms News All News Open Doors celebrates the completion of 101 archive imports since 2012! Published: Mon 04 Mar 2024 04:30PM UTC Comments: 13 Open Doors is pleased to announce the completion of 11 archive import projects in 2023, a total of over 10,000 works! We hope that you will find old and new favorites in the collections listed below. Read more... Five Things with Tanya D. Zuk Published: Sat 24 Feb 2024 09:52PM UTC Comments: 14 Every month or so the OTW will be doing a Q&A with one of its volunteers about their experiences in the organization. The posts express each volunteer's personal views and do not necessarily reflect the views of the OTW or constitute OTW policy. Today's post is with Tanya D. Zuk, who volunteers for Transformative Works & Cultures. Read more... The OTW is Recruiting for Fanlore and Translation Volunteers Published: Wed 21 Feb 2024 04:44PM UTC Comments: 0 Do you have an interest in fandom history or in fannish culture and the different tropes, ships, communities and viewpoints that make up fandom? Are you interested in social media, community management or outreach? Would you like to moderate fannish social media accounts? Would you like to help keep the Fanlore Discord server a lively and welcoming place? Are you fluent in a language other than English? The Organization for Transformative Works is recruiting! Read more... Follow us Follow the Archive on Twitter or Tumblr for status updates, and don't forget to check out the Organization for Transformative Works' news outlets for updates on our other projects! @AO3_Status on Twitter ao3org on Tumblr Footer About the Archive Site Map Diversity Statement Terms of Service DMCA Policy Contact Us Policy Questions & Abuse Reports Technical Support & Feedback Development otwarchive v0.9.361.12 Known Issues GPL-2.0-or-later by the OTW