Bing Blogs | Home Menu This is a place devoted to giving you deeper insight into the news, trends, people and technology behind Bing. Follow us: Subscribe RSS Search for Blogs Home Search Maps Webmaster Search Quality Insights Jobs Engineering Blog Regions Australia Canada China France Germany India Japan UK Skip to content How are climate changes affecting your location? Find out with Weather from Microsoft Start. The new Weather Trends page is a powerful feature which draws… Read More The next wave of Microsoft Copilot for employees and students Since becoming generally available in December, Microsoft… Read More Mastering Website Management with Site Explorer Embark on a digital expedition to take your SEO game to the… Read More Turn your ideas into songs with Suno on Microsoft Copilot We are excited to share that that we have partnered with Suno,… Read More HO HO HO Two Point OH! The holiday season has come and NORAD is set to track Santa… Read More Introducing Deep Search Today&rsquo;s search engines are powerful tools that help us… Read More Continued AI Innovation in Copilot Today, in addition to celebrating the first year of Microsoft… Read More Microsoft Copilot is now generally available Since Microsoft Copilot (formerly Bing Chat and Bing Chat… Read More Announcing Generative AI Captions Supercharge your search results with Bing&rsquo;s… Read More Our vision to bring Microsoft Copilot to everyone, and more Learn about Microsoft&rsquo;s vision for Copilot (formerly… Read More February222024 How are climate changes affecting your location? Find out with Weather from Microsoft Start. The new Weather Trends page is a powerful feature which draws on up to 70 years of global weather history. It can help users learn how their recent weather compares with the past by year, month, or even by day. Historical averages and detailed records show how many rainy, snowy, cloudy, or sunny days there typically are this month, and visualization tools such as innovative new pie charts make it easier to understand and compare the data. Read More February132024 The next wave of Microsoft Copilot for employees and students Since becoming generally available in December, Microsoft Copilot has been adopted by workers, faculty, and—most recently—higher ed students, as their everyday AI companion with commercial data protection. They’re using it to find better answers, maximize their efficiency, and instantly be more creative—all while helping to keep their organization’s data safe with commercial data protection. Read More January252024 Mastering Website Management with Site Explorer Embark on a digital expedition to take your SEO game to the next level with Bing Webmaster Tools’ Site Explorer! Navigate your site’s SEO landscape, uncover hidden treasures in clicks and impressions data, and chart a course for unparalleled visibility with detailed analytics. Read More December192023 Turn your ideas into songs with Suno on Microsoft Copilot We are excited to share that that we have partnered with Suno, a leader in artificial intelligence-based music creation to bring their capabilities to Microsoft Copilot. Through this partnership, people will have at their fingertips the ability, regardless of musical background, to create fun, clever, and personalized songs with a simple prompt. Read More December122023 HO HO HO Two Point OH! The holiday season has come and NORAD is set to track Santa’s travels around the globe with a little help from Microsoft and other great partners. Find out the latest at NORADSanta.ORG! Read More December52023 Introducing Deep Search Today’s search engines are powerful tools that help us find information on the web, but sometimes they fall short of our expectations. When we have complex, nuanced, or specific questions, we often struggle to find the answers we need. We ourselves know what we’re looking for, but the search engine just doesn’t seem to understand. That's why we created Deep Search, a new Microsoft Bing feature that provides even more relevant... Read More December52023 Continued AI Innovation in Copilot Today, in addition to celebrating the first year of Microsoft Copilot, we announced several new Copilot features that are beginning to roll out. We’re excited to give you a more detailed glimpse into some of these features. Read More December12023 Microsoft Copilot is now generally available Since Microsoft Copilot (formerly Bing Chat and Bing Chat Enterprise) launched in preview in February, people around the world have embraced it as their everyday AI companion. It’s been used to generate billions of prompts and responses, helping people be more creative and productive in their lives. Read More November152023 Announcing Generative AI Captions Supercharge your search results with Bing’s groundbreaking Generative AI Captions! Harnessing the power of GPT-4, Generative Captions extract the most pertinent insights from web pages, and skillfully transform them into highly relevant and easily digestible snippets. Learn how AI Generative Captions can elevate your SEO game today! Read More November152023 Our vision to bring Microsoft Copilot to everyone, and more Learn about Microsoft’s vision for Copilot (formerly Bing Chat and Bing Chat Enterprise), general availability, expansion of commercial data protection availability, data sensitivity protection, and expanding the ecosystem with support for GPTs and plugins. Read More Posts navigation 1 2 3 4 5 … 265 Next » Links for Bing Explore Bing Bing AI Tips Bing Rewards Bing Help Bing Ads Other Microsoft links Official Microsoft Blog About Microsoft Microsoft AI Microsoft News Diversity and Inclusion Other product blogs Bing Ads Blog Skype Blog Windows Blog M365 Blog Xbox Wire Powered by Azure Legal Trademarks Privacy Statement Manage Cookies © 2024 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.