Portland, Oregon - The Official City Guide Skip to content The Official Guide to Portland Attractions View All Attractions Museums Parks & Gardens Family Friendly Shopping On a Budget EVEN MORE THINGS TO DO Culture View All Culture Arts Beer Biking Cannabis Cultural Communities Craft Spirits Food Makers Music Nightlife Outdoors Sports Weird Wine MORE CULTURE Neighborhoods View All Neighborhoods Alberta Arts District Belmont Central Eastside Division/Clinton Downtown Hawthorne Lloyd Mississippi Northwest / Nob Hill Old Town Chinatown Pearl District St. Johns Sellwood-Moreland Williams ALL NEIGHBORHOODS Region View All Region Near the City Columbia River Gorge Mount Hood Oregon Coast Willamette Valley ALL REGIONS Plan View All Plan Portland Maps Portland Visitor Center Where to Stay Tours & Itineraries Transportation When to Visit Accessible Portland Portland Weather Safety in Portland Plan a Meeting Events Search Primary Menu 31 Events Near Me Search Attractions View All Attractions Museums Parks & Gardens Family Friendly Shopping On a Budget EVEN MORE THINGS TO DO Culture View All Culture Arts Beer Biking Cannabis Cultural Communities Craft Spirits Food Makers Music Nightlife Outdoors Sports Weird Wine MORE CULTURE Neighborhoods View All Neighborhoods Alberta Arts District Belmont Central Eastside Division/Clinton Downtown Hawthorne Lloyd Mississippi Northwest / Nob Hill Old Town Chinatown Pearl District St. Johns Sellwood-Moreland Williams ALL NEIGHBORHOODS Region View All Region Near the City Columbia River Gorge Mount Hood Oregon Coast Willamette Valley ALL REGIONS Plan View All Plan Portland Maps Portland Visitor Center Where to Stay Tours & Itineraries Transportation When to Visit Accessible Portland Portland Weather Safety in Portland Plan a Meeting Events Search This is Portland Cozy up to Portland's season of hygge with foggy hikes, soaking pools and comforting eats. Ways to Practice Self-Care in Portland Walk in over 200 parks, find time for yoga, sauna, soaking, and health-conscious food to practice self-care like a Portlander. Portland Saturday Market Open every Saturday from March–December, Portland Saturday Market is the largest arts-and-crafts fair in the U.S. Winter in Portland Get snuggly in Portland with a warm cup of your favorite drink, indoor fun and premier events to enjoy. More Winter Ticket to Dine Portland’s “Ticket to Dine” offers patrons scratch-off tickets and a chance to win big prizes for the whole month of March. The Sports Bra in Portland Is the Nation’s First Women’s Sports Bar Owner and chef Jenny Nguyen reflects on creating an inclusive community for women and LGBTQ+ sports lovers at The Sports Bra, the first and only U.S. sports bar highlighting women athletes. A Booklover’s Guide to Portland From coffee houses with community libraries to writing workshops and a book festival, bookworms rejoice; this is for you. What to Do When It Rains Yes, it’s true — it rains in Portland. Locals don’t let that stop them, and neither should you! From kid-friendly indoor activities to parks and gardens that keep you covered, Portland will keep you busy rain or shine. Tea: Portland’s Other Hot Brewing Scene Tea drinkers can enjoy a favorite cuppa or sample exotic varietals in Portland's teahouses. Chai tea, bubble tea and classic green tea are just a few of the many teas brewed in and around Portland. A Guide to Specialty Markets in Portland Hunt for the souvenirs you can eat and take a little bite of Portland back with you. Here’s where to find fine chocolates, fragrant spice kits and ready-to-eat snacks and meals that make a perfect picnic. Guide to Portland’s Independent Movie Theaters Portland has more operating historical movie theaters than all but three other U.S. cities. Find art films, first-run movies, revivals and more in our guide. Portland Soup Spots Whether you’re craving ramen, Mexican pozole or classic chicken noodle, these local soup spots will warm you from the inside out. Portland Board Game Bars and Stores Pair your board game night with a crafty cocktail or find a new favorite tabletop game at these Portland board game bars and stores. READ MORE Portlanders Meet some of the people who make this place what it is in our new community-based video series. Watch now Food Cart Finder Search 200+ Portland food carts by cuisine, trademark dishes and dietary needs. Find Carts Now Illustration by Subin Yang A City of Neighborhoods Portland is known for the vibrancy and uniqueness of its many neighborhoods, each with a distinct sense of place, and — in quirky Portland fashion — spread across six so-called "quadrants." Locals will tell you that you haven’t truly been to Portland until you’ve connected with our diverse communities. Visit our neighborhoods page to get acquainted with more than 20 awesome Portland neighborhoods. View our neighborhood guide North Portland North Portland sits atop the City of Roses, bordered by the Columbia River to the north, the Willamette River to the southwest and North Williams Avenue to the east. Portland’s so-called “Fifth Quadrant” is a lively patchwork of commercial districts, natural spaces and residential areas. It’s home to some of the city’s most charming neighborhoods, including St. Johns, Mississippi, Williams and Kenton. Explore North Portland Northwest Portland Northwest Portland stretches from Forest Park in the west to the Willamette River at the east, encompassing the central city’s Old Town Chinatown and Pearl District, Northwest/Nob Hill, Slabtown and miles of wooded hillsides. Its west side is forested and serene; its east side is urban and lively, a vital part of the central city. Explore Northwest Northeast Portland For shows, sports and big events, Northeast Portland is hard to beat. In addition to being home to the Moda Center and the Oregon Convention Center, Portland’s largest quadrant boasts striking architecture, historic theaters, a variety of public golf courses and other attractions. You’ll also find numerous colorful neighborhoods, including the Alberta Arts District, Hollywood, Lloyd and many more. Explore Northeast Southwest and South Portland Best known for lively downtown Portland — the compact, walkable heart of the City of Roses — Southwest Portland is also home to Washington Park’s numerous attractions, Goose Hollow’s blend of historic and modern, the small-town charm of Multnomah Village and more. Nearby South Portland is a laid-back river community offering water recreation, low-key urban green spaces and lots of spots to eat, drink and shop. Explore South Explore Southwest Southeast Portland If you’re searching for Portland’s best-known attributes — hip, artsy, quirky, foody — you may find yourself in Southeast Portland. It’s home to some of the city’s liveliest neighborhoods and popular areas for eating and imbibing, like the Hawthorne District, the Central Eastside and the Jade District. Farther out, you’ll find peaceful parks and family-friendly attractions like the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) and Oaks Amusement Park. Explore Southeast Upcoming Events Check out our events calendar to find fun events and activities around the city. Full Calendar Editor's Pick Mar. 1–31, 2024 Ticket to Dine Various Locations Free Portland’s “Ticket to Dine” offers patrons scratch-off tickets and a chance to win big prizes … Editor's Pick Editor's Pick Ongoing Haunted Shanghai Tunnel Tour Old Town Pizza & Brewing – Downtown $38 Old Town Pizza & Brewing is built directly above Portland's infamous Shanghai tunnels. The same tunn… Editor's Pick Beer, Guided Tour, History Editor's Pick Aug. 26, 2023–Mar. 17, 2024 Black Artists of Oregon Portland Art Museum $0 – $25 Black Artists of Oregon, highlighting and celebrating the work of Black artists in and outside the c… Editor's Pick Art & Design, Cultural Communities Editor's Pick Ongoing Portland Trail Blazers Moda Center Cost Varies Watch the Pacific Northwest's only NBA team, the Portland Trail Blazers compete this season. Cheer a… Editor's Pick Sports Editor's Pick Ongoing Karaoke From Hell Various Locations Cost Varies The Northwest's original live karaoke band, Karaoke From Hell, has been rocking Portland for over 25… Editor's Pick Music, Nightlife Editor's Pick Ongoing Farmers Market at Portland State University Portland Farmers Market at PSU Free The Portland Farmers Market at Portland State University will be open every Saturday, year-round. Ap… Editor's Pick Food & Drink, Shopping Frequently Asked Questions About Portland, Oregon Where is Portland, Oregon? Portland is on the northwestern border of the state of Oregon, in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States, north of California and south of Washington. Portland, Oregon’s largest city, is 78 miles (126 km) from the Oregon Coast, at the convergence of two major rivers (the Columbia and Willamette), near the Columbia River Gorge and Mount Hood, Willamette Valley wine country and other regional destinations. The Portland metro area rests on traditional village sites of the Multnomah, Wasco, Cowlitz, Kathlamet, Clackamas, Bands of Chinook, Tualatin Kalapuya, Molalla and many other tribes. How far is Portland from Seattle? Portland is 175 miles (282 km) from Seattle, or about a three-hour drive by car. The trip from Seattle to Portland can also be made by bus, train (via Amtrak), plane (via Alaska Airlines and Delta, among others) or even by bike — if you’re a seasoned distance cyclist, that is. How many days should I spend in Portland, Oregon? For the most robust Portland experience, a week will allow you to deeply immerse yourself in the city. If you’re limited to a weekend, however, you can still experience many of Portland’s main attractions. Check out our collection of itineraries to plan based on the length of your stay and which part of the city or region you’d like to explore. Our events calendar can also help you find things to do during your next trip to Portland. No matter how long your scheduled visit is, there are always more live music venues, art galleries, food carts and natural areas to explore. What is life in Portland, Oregon, like? Portland is known for having the amenities of a major city (such as an international airport, an efficient public transit system, major league sports teams and many museums and art galleries) and the charms of a small city (such as plentiful arts and crafts fairs, independent bookstores and local traditions like the annual Rose Festival Parade and the World Naked Bike Ride). It’s typical to spend a day in Portland strolling through one of the city’s many unique neighborhoods, visiting locally owned businesses, restaurants, public green spaces and cultural attractions. Perhaps because of our abundant rainfall, Portland’s culture of coziness encourages people to spend time indoors honing their crafts, making art, enjoying delicious food, seeing live music, browsing bookstores, and sipping tea, beer, wine, cocktails and coffee. Rain or shine, you can take advantage of the city’s proximity to nature by playing in the Willamette River, wandering through lush public parks and gardens, biking the city’s 162 miles (261 km) of bike lanes and hiking trails both within city limits and in the nearby Columbia River Gorge. What is there to do in Portland, Oregon? Portland’s calendar is packed year-round with events, live music and performances, meaning there’s never a shortage of things to do. (Use our events calendar to explore upcoming Portland events based on their dates and your interests.) Portland also offers a seemingly infinite array of things to see, taste and do. For a first-time trip, we recommend checking out our list of top sights and things to do in Portland. To take a deeper dive, check out our culture collection where you can explore dozens of ways to enjoy Portland’s music, art, bike culture, food, beer, outdoors, makers, tax-free shopping, cultural communities, nightlife, sports, cannabis, weirdness and more. What should I see in Portland, Oregon? The things you should see during a trip to Portland, Oregon depend on your interests. For first-time visitors, we recommend checking out our list of top sights and things to do in Portland, which highlights popular attractions like Powell’s City of Books, Portland Japanese Garden, Portland Saturday Market, Forest Park and more. For a deeper dive into things to see and do in Portland, check out our culture collection where you can explore dozens of ways to enjoy the city’s music, art, bike culture, food, beer, outdoors, makers, cultural communities, nightlife, sports, cannabis, weirdness and more. What makes Portland, Oregon, unique? Above all, the people of Portland are why the city is so exceptional. Portland has a thriving community of artists and makers who encourage innovation in design and craft (whether it be creating a sneaker or a new flavor of doughnut). In Portland, it’s good to experiment with what you love. Portlanders also place a high value on sustainability, which can be seen in the way locals maintain and enjoy the city’s public gardens and green spaces, urban forests, miles of protected bike lanes, efficient public transportation and preserved natural areas. What is Portland known for? Portland is perhaps best known for being a sustainability-minded, bike-friendly city with easy access to nature; plentiful coffee, art, craft beer, delicious food and live music; and crafty people who celebrate individuality and creativity (which, yes, some people call “weird”). Check out our culture collection to explore more things Portland is known for and visit our list of top sights and things to do for a round-up of can’t-miss local attractions. Portland’s layout is also unique. With 12 bridges entirely within city limits, and several more connecting Portland to Vancouver, Washington, the city’s “Bridgetown” moniker is certainly accurate. Portland is divided into north and south by Burnside Street and into east and west by the Willamette River. What’s the final result of this awesome confluence of bridges, rivers and bustling streets? A vibrant city with six quadrants (yes, there are six of them!) and more than 90 formally recognized neighborhoods — each with its own unique style, each calling out to be explored. What food is Portland famous for? Portland is a renowned culinary destination — broadly speaking, it’s a city famous for fresh food featuring local ingredients. You’ll find everything from some of the finest seafood in the world to truly delectable doughnuts. Portland is also known as perhaps the greatest city for food carts. And if you’re looking for outdoor dining, you’re in luck: The number of patio options in Portland is truly impressive. While Portland doesn’t necessarily have a single iconic food, it does have a number of must-taste specialties. The Maple Bacon Bar at Voodoo Doughnut, the white curry (with brisket burnt ends) at Eem and khao man gai at Nong’s are a few you won’t want to miss. And don’t forget about the beverages for which Portland is most famous: coffee and craft beer. (We’re no slouches when it comes to wine and tea, either.) Is Portland, Oregon, safe to visit? Yes — Portland is a safe city for visitors. Like many cities, Portland is confronting issues related to social justice, livability and the coronavirus pandemic. But for a major American city, Portland continues to have comparatively low rates of violent crime. Of course, it makes sense for visitors to Portland to exercise caution, stay aware of their surroundings and take steps to learn more about safety in Portland. What is the best time of year to visit Portland, Oregon? The best time of year to visit Portland depends on your preferences, as each season has its own unique weather conditions, events and attractions. You can explore the changing colors of fall, the cultural offerings of winter, the gorgeous blooms of spring and the abundant outdoor adventures of summer. No matter when you visit, Portland offers tax-free shopping, diverse cultural offerings, live music, award-winning culinary experiences and more. To find out what each season and month in Portland offers, check out our When to Visit page. You can also visit our events calendar to discover more things to do and see based on your interests and the dates of your trip. Why do people say, “Keep Portland Weird”? The phrase “Keep Portland Weird” actually has roots in Austin, Texas, where independent businesses adopted the slogan “Keep Austin Weird” in 2002 to encourage people to shop locally. Terry Currier, the owner of Music Millenium, is said to have been so inspired by the phrase he brought it back to Portland (a city that, like Austin, has its own culture of weirdness). Portland’s quirks appear in many ways, including at annual events like the World Naked Bike Ride and the Adult Soapbox Derby, or in strange places like the Freakybuttrue Peculiarium and the world’s smallest park. The city’s thriving and ever-expanding community of artists, designers and makers also help foster Portland’s culture of embracing individuality and creative expression. You can find the city’s iconic black and yellow “KEEP PORTLAND WEIRD” mural at 22 SW Third Ave., behind Dante’s and across the street from Voodoo Doughnut. What is the racial makeup of Portland, Oregon? According to the U.S. Census, as of 2021 the racial makeup of Portland, Oregon, is:White: 77.4%Black or African American: 5.8%American Indian and Alaska Native: 0.8%Asian: 8.2%Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander: 0.6%Two or More Races: 5.3%Hispanic or Latino: 9.7% (These percentages do not add up to 100% because some categories reflect people who listed more than one race.) Can I drink tap water in Portland? Yes, Portland’s tap water is safe to drink. Most of the city’s tap water comes from rainfall collected in the Bull Run watershed, a drainage basin located 30 miles (48 km) east of Portland. Bull Run water isn’t filtered (though a new filtration system is being installed and is expected to start filtering Bull Run water by 2027), but chlorine is added to the water to disinfect it of any potential natural contaminants. For more information about Portland’s tap water, visit the City of Portland’s About Portland’s Water System website. Why do they call Portland “Stumptown”? Portland earned the nickname “Stumptown” during a period of unprecedented change to the once-forested area in the mid-1800s, when white settlers chopped down vast numbers of trees to make room for city development. Though the trees were cleared, many of their hard-to-remove stumps were left behind (they were so prevalent, in fact, that Portlanders used to jump from stump to stump to avoid trekking through muddy roads). The Portland of today is stump-free, but the nickname “Stumptown” lives on. Why is Portland called “Rip City?” The term “Rip City” was born during an NBA basketball game on Feb. 18, 1971, between the Portland Trail Blazers and the Los Angeles Lakers. When Blazers guard Jim Barnett hit an unexpected long-range shot, play-by-play announcer Bill Schonely blurted out (for reasons still unknown) “Rip city! All right!” Unfortunately, the Trail Blazers lost the game 136 to 114, but Schonely’s celebratory words, “Rip City,” live on today as both a nickname and rallying cry for Portlanders and Blazers fans around the world. Plan Your Trip Use these resources to guide your trip to the Rose City. More Resources Portland International Airport (PDX) Portland International Airport (PDX) boasts an easy light rail connection to downtown, local food and drink, free Wi-Fi, tax-free shopping with no markups — and 500 flights daily. MAX Light Rail Portland's efficient light rail system connects the metro area and downtown core. Learn how to ride and where to go on MAX. Where to Stay Those looking to learn where to stay in Portland have plenty of options, from glamorous, high-rise hotels to cozy homes embedded within Portland’s many neighborhoods. Lodging options throughout the city are as plentiful as they are unique. Tours & Itineraries Let local experts — and our targeted itineraries — offer inspiration for your time in and around Portland. Portland Streetcar The City of Roses built the nation’s first modern-day streetcar in 2001: the sleek and modern Portland Streetcar. Illustration by Subin Yang The Portland Region Portland is the perfect launchpad for adventure, with the rugged Oregon Coast, snow-capped Mount Hood, lush wine country and waterfall-filled Columbia Gorge all within easy driving distance of the city. Explore the Portland Region Mount Hood Located 90 minutes from Portland, Mount Hood — Oregon’s tallest peak — offers four seasons of fun. Scenic recreation offerings range from camping, hiking and fishing to nearly year-round skiing. Whether you’re hitting the slopes, exploring the mountain’s miles of trails or cozying up to a fireplace, Mount Hood provides a treasured escape from the city. Explore Mount Hood The Columbia Gorge Just 30 miles (48 km) east of Portland, explore the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, a deep canyon that’s home to more than 90 gorgeous waterfalls, epic vistas and nearly endless options for outdoor recreation. Hiking and water sports like windsurfing and kiteboarding are major draws in the gorge. Explore the Columbia Gorge Wine Country A short drive from the city, Oregon’s Willamette Valley wine country wows with lush scenery and, of course, delectable wines. In addition to scores of vineyards and tasting rooms featuring pinot noir and other varietals, this area boasts quaint towns, farms and scenic routes to explore by car, bike or boat. Explore Wine Country The Oregon Coast Just 79 miles (127 km) west of Portland, the rugged, unspoiled Oregon Coast offers rocky vistas, miles of public beaches, family attractions and surfing. Towns along the coast include busy fishing ports, historic settlements, artistic enclaves and vacation resorts. Here, you can explore tide pools, hike, whale-watch and savor fresh seafood and microbrews. Explore the Oregon Coast Visitor Information visitorinfo@travelportland.com1-888-503-3291 (toll free)503-427-1372Monday–Saturday, 9 a.m.–5 p.m. Portland Visitor Center 1132 SW Harvey Milk St #104,Portland, OR 97205 Monday–Saturday, 9 a.m.–5 p.m. Map & Guide Pocket-sized brochure guide and map. Get the guide Near Me Now App An app to explore the best of Portland. Newsletter Signup Get your guide to Portland's events, attractions and news. Newsletter signup Sign up Follow Us TikTok Instagram Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Information For Local BusinessesMediaMeeting PlannersTravel Industry ProfessionalsEvent Organizers Brought to you by We are a promoter and steward of this evolving city and its progressive values, which have the power to transform the travelers who visit us. About Us Contact Us Jobs Español Français Deutsch 日本語 汉语 漢語 한국어 Copyright © 2024 Travel Portland Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Copyright Policy