Diseases & Conditions - Medscape Reference News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Video Decision Point Edition: English Medscape English Deutsch Español Français Português UKNew Univadis Log In Sign Up It's Free! English Edition Medscape English Deutsch Español Français Português UKNew Univadis X Univadis from Medscape Register Log In No Results No Results News & Perspective Drugs & Diseases CME & Education Academy Video Decision Point close Please confirm that you would like to log out of Medscape. If you log out, you will be required to enter your username and password the next time you visit. Log out Cancel Slideshow Collections More Bacterial Skin Infections: Beneath the Surface Learn the clinical signs, etiology, and management of common and potentially serious bacterial infections of the skin. February 29, 2024 Cutaneous and Mucosal Manifestations of Viral Diseases Viral infections can cause a range of cutaneous and mucosal manifestations, from isolated lesions to generalized exanthems. Learn more about the findings associated with various viruses. February 27, 2024 Adult Brain Tumors: A Spreading Problem Adult brain tumors constitute about 2% of all US cancers, and about one third of them are malignant. Although some are primary, most arise from metastases to the brain. Learn more about risk factors, diagnosis, and treatment of these lesions. February 14, 2024 Urinary Tract Infections: Pathologies and Challenges Urinary tract infections are common and range in severity from uncomplicated cystitis to pyelonephritis. Learn more about their causes, complications, and management. February 14, 2024 Can't-Miss Gastrointestinal Diagnoses Abdominal pain is one of the most common complaints that send patients to the emergency department. Find out the causes, symptoms, and treatments for potentially fatal gastrointestinal conditions. February 13, 2024 Keys to Diagnosing Broken Heart Syndrome (Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy ("broken heart syndrome") is a transient cardiac syndrome that mimics acute coronary syndrome. Do you know how to recognize this condition in your patients? February 5, 2024 Bedridden Breakdown: Classifying Pressure Injuries Pressure injuries are a major cause of morbidity and mortality, especially for patients with impaired sensation, prolonged immobility, or advanced age. Can you properly classify these pressure injuries? January 29, 2024 Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia: Evaluation and Treatment Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) occurs when an increased number of prostatic stromal and epithelial cells lead to enlargement of the prostatic tissue. Learn more about the evaluation of BPH and the different medical and surgical modalities used to treat it. January 22, 2024 6 Common-to-Rare Infant Skin Conditions Although most childhood skin disorders are benign and self-limited, some can be life-threatening. Learn more about dermatoses that may be encountered in infants. January 8, 2024 Hair Disorders: Finding the Root of the Problem Hair loss, or alopecia, can be associated with a wide variety of conditions, from genetic to autoimmune to infectious to environmental. Can you identify and distinguish the most common forms of hair loss? December 7, 2023 Psoriasis: Presentation, Imitators, and Treatment Psoriasis is a disfiguring and often painful skin condition that affects an estimated 125 million people worldwide. Know the facts about this dermatologic issue. December 6, 2023 Alcohol Abuse: Don’t Drink to That People who chronically abuse alcohol are at increased risk for cirrhosis, GI bleeding, pancreatitis, cardiomyopathy, trauma, mental health disorders, and a wide variety of cancers. Learn more about the potentially devastating complications of excessive, long-term alcohol use. November 21, 2023 Hypothermia: The Cold Facts Hypothermia has dramatic effects on many physiologic processes and organ systems (eg, cardiovascular, neurologic). How can you best bring your patient in from the cold? November 21, 2023 Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD): Facts and Misconceptions Seasonal affective disorder is not a discrete disease but reflects the seasonality of affective illness. It is part of a mood cycle that also includes mania. How can you best manage this cycle? November 15, 2023 Poisoning Clues on the Skin: 8 Cases Poisonings often manifest on the skin, with presentations that can provide vital diagnostic tips. Sinister or dangerous etiologies may be responsible for cutaneous signs. Can you correctly diagnose these 8 patients based on their dermatologic clues? November 13, 2023 Gout for the Holidays Not all patients with preexisting hyperuricemia develop gout. How many of these questions about gout can you correctly answer? November 9, 2023 Browse by Specialty Medicine Allergy and Immunology Anatomy Anesthesiology Cancer Treatment, Staging, & Guideline Syntheses Cardiology Cardiology Guidelines Clinical Procedures Critical Care Dental & Oral Health Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genomic Medicine Hematology Infectious Diseases Laboratory Medicine Nephrology Neurology Obstetrics/Gynecology Oncology Pathology Perioperative Care Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rare Diseases Rheumatology Sports Medicine Surgery Clinical Procedures General Surgery Neurosurgery Ophthalmology Orthopedic Surgery Otolaryngology and Facial Plastic Surgery Plastic Surgery Thoracic Surgery Transplantation Trauma Urology Vascular Surgery Pediatrics Cardiac Disease & Critical Care Medicine Developmental & Behavioral General Medicine Genetics & Metabolic Disease Surgery Contributor Login Find Us On About About Medscape Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Cookies Manage Preferences Terms of Use Advertising Policy Help Center Membership Become a Member About You Professional Information Newsletters & Alerts Market Research App Medscape WebMD Network Medscape Live Events WebMD MedicineNet eMedicineHealth RxList WebMD Corporate Medscape UK Editions English Deutsch Español Français Português UK All material on this website is protected by copyright, Copyright © 1994-2024 by WebMD LLC. This website also contains material copyrighted by 3rd parties. Close