NACLA | Jump to navigation Donate Home MagazineWhat is the NACLA Report? Web Exclusives Recent Articles Subscribe FAQ Advertise WebNews and Analysis En Español Reviews Interviews Columns ArchiveBorder Wars Rebel Currents NACLA-Global Voices The Other Side of Paradise Extractives in Latin America Mexico, Bewildered and Contested Red Hot Burning Peace Cuadernos Colombianos Manufacturing Contempt Photo Essays PodcastBrazil on Fire NACLA Radio EventsUpcoming events Past Events Donate About UsWho Are We History Staff & Board Jobs/Internships Write for NACLA Contact Us Search form Search Is Hugo Chávez to Blame for Venezuela’s Collapse? The country’s current economic and democratic crisis should not be used to erase Chávez’s impressive accomplishments in working to build 21st-century socialism. A Strategic Cross-Border Labor Alliance A relationship between a U.S. and a Mexican union, forged in the face of NAFTA, has borne fruit over decades of struggle. Two leaders reflect on the importance of international solidarity. 2009 Honduras: La Resistencia | Under the Shadow, Ep. 7, Part I The 2009 U.S.-backed coup ruptured Honduras’s three-decade-old democracy. Despite a media blockade, militarization, and deadly repression, the people took to the streets—and refused to back down. Cultural Resistance in the Face of Javier Milei's Policies The cultural sector stands out in the resistance to right-wing austerity policies in Argentina. The Racist Undertones of Bolivia’s Environmental Movement As massive wildfires swept across Bolivia in late 2023, a classist, racist, and capitalist public outcry deflected from the primary drivers of drought and deforestation. “I Would Rather Die than Live in this Institution” As Peru’s elderly population grows, long-term care facilities are failing older adults dependent on their services in Lima. The Settlers: A Necessary Anatomy of a Genocide Felipe Gálvez's award-winning film Los Colonos delves into Chile’s brutal settler-colonial past, exposing the consequences of cultural extermination and resonating with Latin America's contemporary Indigenous struggles. USS Honduras | Under the Shadow, Ep. 6 Often overlooked in the story of U.S. imperialism in Central America, Honduras has served as a training base and staging ground for interventions throughout the region. In the 1980s, the impacts were devastating. “Oil for the Few” at Brazil's Export Ports For a small farmer in Rio de Janeiro state, a private port catering to the fossil fuel industry has brought a decade-long struggle to remain on the land. Brazil at a Crossroads: The Environment or Oil and Gas President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva’s administration brought high hopes of reversing devastating environmental destruction. Will a new fossil fuel boom undermine promises for change? Previous Pause Next Subscribe to the NACLA Report! Donate Enter your keywords Home Is Hugo Chávez to Blame for Venezuela’s Collapse? Gabriel Hetland March 5, 2024 The country’s current economic and democratic crisis should not be used to erase Chávez’s impressive accomplishments in working to build 21st-century socialism. A Strategic Cross-Border Labor Alliance David Bacon February 27, 2024 A relationship between a U.S. and a Mexican union, forged in the face of NAFTA, has borne fruit over decades of struggle. Two leaders reflect on the importance of international solidarity. 2009 Honduras: La Resistencia | Under the Shadow, Ep. 7, Part I Michael Fox February 27, 2024 The 2009 U.S.-backed coup ruptured Honduras’s three-decade-old democracy. Despite a media blockade, militarization, and deadly repression, the people took to the streets—and refused to back down. El trasfondo racista del movimiento ecologista boliviano Benjamin Swift con Laura Barriga Dávalos February 26, 2024 A finales de 2023 cuando incendios forestales arrasaron Bolivia, una protesta pública clasista, racista y capitalista desvió atención de las causas principales de sequía y deforestación. Resistencia cultural frente a las políticas de Javier Milei Daniel Cholakian February 23, 2024 El sector cultural se destaca en la resistencia ante las políticas de derecha en Argentina. Más allá de disciplinas, en dos años se conformó un movimiento unificado que se hace escuchar. Cultural Resistance in the Face of Javier Milei's Policies Daniel Cholakian February 23, 2024 The cultural sector stands out in the resistance to right-wing austerity policies in Argentina. The Racist Undertones of Bolivia’s Environmental Movement Benjamin Swift with Laura Barriga Dávalos February 22, 2024 As massive wildfires swept across Bolivia in late 2023, a classist, racist, and capitalist public outcry deflected from the primary drivers of drought and deforestation. “I Would Rather Die than Live in this Institution” Magdalena Zegarra Chiappori February 21, 2024 As Peru’s elderly population grows, long-term care facilities are failing older adults dependent on their services in Lima. The Settlers: A Necessary Anatomy of a Genocide Carole Concha Bell February 16, 2024 Felipe Gálvez's award-winning film Los Colonos delves into Chile’s brutal settler-colonial past, exposing the consequences of cultural extermination and resonating with Latin America's contemporary Indigenous struggles. USS Honduras | Under the Shadow, Ep. 6 Michael Fox February 13, 2024 Often overlooked in the story of U.S. imperialism in Central America, Honduras has served as a training base and staging ground for interventions throughout the region. In the 1980s, the impacts were devastating. Pages1 2 3 … next › last » Listen to Under the Shadow podcast SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER! Tweets by @NACLA Support NACLA! As the Americas stand at a crossroads, NACLA's research and analysis remains as important as ever. Can we count on your to support our work? DONATE NOW! From NACLA Partners n INFOAbout Staff & Board Jobs SUPPORT USDonate Subscribe MAGAZINECurrent Issue Archives Advertise CONNECTFacebook Twitter Instagram NACLA | c/o NYU CLACS, 53 WASHINGTON SQ. SOUTH FL. 4W, NEW YORK, NY 10012 | TEL: (212) 992-6965 Copyright NACLA 2019 The North American Congress on Latin America is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit organization.