Supply Chain News and Analysis | Supply Chain Dive Skip to main content CONTINUE TO SITE ➞ Don't miss tomorrow's supply chain industry news Let Supply Chain Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox. Daily Dive M-F view sample Topics covered: Logistics, freight, operations, procurement, regulations, technology, risk/resilience Operations Weekly Every Tuesday view sample Topics covered: S&OP, inventory/demand planning, technology integration, DC/warehouse management Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Topics covered: Supplier relationships, payments & contracts, risk management, sustainability & ethics, trade & tariffs Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Topics covered: Last mile, shipper-carrier relations, trends in rail, ocean, air, truck, and parcel shipping By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Topics Sign up Search Sign up Search Risk Technology Operations Procurement Logistics Freight Regulation Courtesy of Birkenstock Birkenstock’s expanding production capacity lifts sales as it eyes more growth ahead The footwear brand plans to double capacity in the next three years, spending tens of millions of dollars along the way. Read more ➔ Top stories Gemini Cooperation unlikely to expand: Hapag-Lloyd CEO Oatly slashed SKUs and canceled factory plans to rightsize its supply chain. Now it’s paying off. Wayfair plans consolidated delivery option to lower costs Supply chain mistake part of Lordstown Motors SEC case Walmart sells intermodal assets to JB Hunt The Latest Edwin Lopez/Supply Chain Dive Tracker US ports by volume: How maritime cargo trends are stacking up The amount of containers handled at 12 major gateways can help show how the economy is faring. Use this tracker to dig into trends by seaport, coast and month. Updated Feb. 12, 2024 Maritime 1933bkk via Getty Images Smaller suppliers’ finances have deteriorated since pre-pandemic Large buyers have been pressuring suppliers, dragging down smaller, private firms’ operational efficiency, according to RapidRatings analysis. Risk and Resilience Justin Sullivan via Getty Images O’Reilly invests in larger distribution centers The auto parts company is relocating two facilities and is building a site in Virginia to up capacity and service capabilities. Operations Management Sayed Hassan via Getty Images Construction supply chain headaches persist 4 years into pandemic As the fourth anniversary of COVID-19’s arrival in the U.S. nears, contractors are still dealing with challenges around materials pricing and availability. Risk and Resilience Courtesy of Boeing. FAA gives Boeing 90 days to address safety, quality control issues An expert panel, which included representatives from NASA and labor unions, found the aircraft maker’s implementation of its safety culture confusing and inadequate. Updated March 1, 2024 Manufacturing Phynart Studio via Getty Images Manufacturing pulling out of the ‘malaise’ despite some performance dips: PMI While some metrics like employment and production were down based on the ISM's monthly report, economists remain optimistic about the year ahead. Manufacturing Ingbife Tracking the speed, dwell and cars of Class I railroads This dashboard shows the average speed, dwell time and cars online for all of the Class I railroads operating in the U.S. Updated Feb. 29, 2024 Rail Jon Cherry/Getty Images via Getty Images UPS plans layoffs at facilities in California, Ohio and Pennsylvania Two sortation shift cuts, along with the closure of a trailer shop, add to reductions the company is making in at least eight other states. Operations Management Courtesy of Tesla Inc. Biden administration scrutinizes China’s links to connected vehicle supply chains The Commerce Department is exploring whether to regulate transactions with China-linked firms supplying automakers with goods, technology or services for their connected cars. Manufacturing Kaarin Vembar/Supply Chain Dive As Macy’s and others close stores, TJX is picking up the supplier base With big brand brick-and-mortar options dwindling, the off-brand retailer’s 21,000 vendors are increasingly looking to the company. Operations Management Spencer Platt via Getty Images CMA CGM to resume Red Sea transit on case-by-case basis The ocean carrier said it will assess each vessel before transit to make a final decision and can't provide shippers with anticipated routing choices. Maritime Courtesy of Flexport Flexport, Shopify strengthen logistics ties with merchant perks The freight forwarder is offering discounts for Shopify merchants to use its fulfillment services and a new shipping product. Logistics Retrieved from Missouri Partnership on February 28, 2024 URBN opens second fulfillment center for its rental brand Nuuly plans to invest $60 million into its 600,000-square-foot facility in Missouri in the coming years. Operations Management Mariakray via Getty Images Veho nabs crucial link to shippers’ West Coast operations via Clearjet The last-mile carrier is able to work with a wider range of clients via Clearjet's nationwide access to air cargo capacity. Air Cargo Nate Delesline III/Supply Chain Dive Family Dollar to pay $41.7M for issues tied to rat-infested warehouse The discount retailer pleaded guilty to a one count misdemeanor violation after product contamination at the Arkansas distribution center. Operations Management Mario Tama via Getty Images Port of Long Beach cargo volumes rise 18% YoY in January Retailers rushed to fill warehouses ahead of the slowdown that occurs during the Lunar New Year holiday, the port’s CEO Mario Cordero said. Maritime Slaven Vlasic via Getty Images Most employees say their mental health has declined or plateaued in past year Technology and management can worsen stress and burnout — but can also be part of the solution, Calm says. Technology Michael M. Santiago / Staff via Getty Images Report: Employers don’t practice what they preach on skills-based hiring Fewer than 1 in 700 new hires benefited from businesses dropping degree requirements, Burning Glass Institute and Harvard Business School estimated. Operations Management Retrieved from DHL eCommerce on February 26, 2024 DHL relocated Maryland e-commerce distribution center to Virginia The new facility provides double the space and is part of the company’s five-year growth plan. Operations Management Retrieved from OOCL on February 27, 2024 Ocean Alliance extended for 5 additional years The operational agreement between CMA CGM, COSCO, OOCL and Evergreen has been extended until 2032. Maritime Permission granted by Nestle Nestlé hit by supply constraints in health business IT hiccups at packaging sites created a supply chain backup in the food and beverage giant’s vitamin, mineral and supplement unit. Manufacturing Kelly Stroh/Supply Chain Dive 3 ways DHL Supply Chain is driving employee retention Automation, technology and data have helped the company retain workers and reduce turnover across its sites. Technology Justin Sullivan via Getty Images UPS revenue tied to Amazon fell over 5% in 2023 The reduction in business is intentional as the e-commerce giant delivers more of its own volume. Last-Mile Delivery Courtesy of Big Lots Big Lots acquires entire inventory of toy company Hearthsong The move is part of the company’s larger strategy to reclaim its position in off-price and closeout sourcing. Operations Management Sean Gallup via Getty Images Aerospace players form coalition to strengthen supply chain integrity Members, such as Boeing and Airbus, formed the group after a supplier was caught selling unapproved parts. Manufacturing More stories Get the free newsletter Subscribe to Supply Chain Dive for top news, trends & analysis Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Most Popular UPS plans layoffs at facilities in California, Ohio and Pennsylvania Wayfair plans consolidated delivery option to lower costs Smaller suppliers’ finances have deteriorated since pre-pandemic O’Reilly invests in larger distribution centers Library resources Webinar - on demand Building AI-Enabled Digital Twins to Secure Your Supply Chain Custom content for NTT Data Trendline The Supply Chain Dive Outlook on 2024 Supported by Supply Chain Dive Infographic How to Meet Critical SLAs in the Service Supply Chain Custom content for Flash Global View all Company Announcements nuVizz Leads the Way in Evolving Logistics Industry with Expanded Transportation Management Sy… From nuVizz More Heavy Equipment Brands to Go Online for U.S. Distribution with Machinery Partner From Machinery Partner Inc. Ecotape Increases Exports by 30% Using Descartes’ Global Trade Intelligence Solution From Descartes Systems Group Annual ISTA Forum with TransPack and TempPack events will bring together global transport pack… From International Safe Transit Association View all | Post a press release What We're Reading Manufacturing Dive Microsoft is Intel’s newest chip foundry customer Trucking Dive Veteran XPO driver navigates trucking’s daily challenges with ease The Loadstar Rubymar sinks, with cargo of fertiliser a threat to Red Sea ecosystem View all Events 13 MAR Webinar | 2 p.m. ET Moving Beyond Legacy MDM: How to Manage the New Realities of AI, Security, and Software Updates for Business Critical Devices Presented by studioID and Esper 06 MAY Conference Gartner Supply Chain Symposium | Xpo™ Orlando, Florida Presented by Gartner Industry Intel Becoming Flexible: Using Data to Quickly Pivot in a Rapidly-Shifting Industry Webinar - on demand • Provided by EasyPost Revolutionizing Bakery Operations: How Precision Forecasting with AI Transformed Bimbo Bakeries USA Webinar - on demand • Provided by Antuit and Zebra Technologies Supply Chain Dive news delivered to your inbox Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter. Explore About Editorial Team Contact Us Newsletter Article Licensing Press Releases What We're Reading Reach our audience Advertising Post a press release Submit an opinion piece Related Publications Retail Dive Trucking Dive image/svg+xml Industry Dive is an Informa business © 2024 Industry Dive. All rights reserved. | View our other publications | Privacy policy | Terms of use | Take down policy. Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell Search Home Topics Risk Technology Operations Procurement Logistics Freight Regulation Deep Dive Opinion Library Events Press Releases Get Supply Chain Dive in your inbox The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines Email: Select Newsletter: Daily Dive M-F Select Newsletter: Operations Weekly Every Tuesday Select Newsletter: Procurement Weekly Every Thursday Select Newsletter: Logistics Weekly Every Wednesday Select user consent: By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at anytime. Sign up A valid email address is required. Please select at least one newsletter.