Humanity+ 0 Skip to Content Home Mission Leadership Join Humanity+ Projects Humanitarian-Transhumanism News Donate Now Open Menu Close Menu Home Mission Leadership Join Humanity+ Projects Humanitarian-Transhumanism News Donate Now Open Menu Close Menu Home Mission Leadership Join Humanity+ Projects Humanitarian-Transhumanism News Donate Now Elevating theHuman ConditionAdvocating for a more humane humanity.Finding balance between opportunity and risk, seeking solutions to world problems.Advancing science and technology for a better, more beneficial future. Get Involved Change the World. Advance Healthy Longevity. Be the Future. Our Mission. Humanity+ advocates for the ethical use of technology and evidence-based science to expand human capabilities. We want people to be better than well. We support the development of high-impact technology to make beneficial futures attainable. We are often ahead of the curve and hope to bring seminal and important knowledge to the forefront. What is Humanity Plus? A humanitarian approach to the humanist values of human beings and toward alleviating vulnerabilities and injustices. We support the original Transhumanism goals of healthy transformations of the human condition and the many opportunities and challenges that lie ahead in being the foremost advocacy for healthy longevity and healthy environments. How can you help? Join now and help us continue our mission to focus on science, technology, culture, and social issues that are often in the incubation stages and may not have reached fields and businesses that are supported and funded by legacy institutions. We envision a more humane humanity that supports health care and justice. We welcome you to read our Newsletters! Education for All. Our Summits and TransVision conferences explore the future. We are working with Beneficial AGI’s 2024 summit! Read More. H+ SUMMITS Questioning facts and envisioning futures. It all begins with a panel debate and discussion. We envision what the future could be and how to make this a reality! Watch Videos. H+ Academy Videos Get knowledge. Be informed. The Center for Transhumanist Studies affiliate program offers a platform for studying transhumanism from primary sources. Read More. Future Studies The Transhumanism Affirmation Misinformation is unhealthy for epistemic reasons: it can produce false, inaccurate, and often unfair views. Open Letter Women In Longevity Leadership We affiliate with Women In Longevity Leadership and help sponsor its meetings and events organized around the world. WILL Website Sponsoring Afrolongevity We support the Afrolongevity conferences, education, and innovative initiatives with the TAFFD’s team! Afrolongevity Champion Healthy Environments. That's here, that's home, that's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. — Carl Sagan. Super Longevity Annual Festivities. Super Longevity advocates celebrate advancing biomedical therapies and lifestyles for extending healthy lifespans. Our focus is on creating a world that is worth living in. This requires clear headed thinking that takes all issues into account. To be informed, we need to be asking today about how the impacts of technology could change our future tomorrow. No one has all the answers, but we must continue to question and explore all possibilities. You can contact us by sending an email to: info at humanityplus.org Humanity+ MissionProjectsLeadershipFAQ Get InvolvedDonateNews Copyright © 2016-2023 Humanity+. All rights reserved.