Online Courses, Learning Paths, and Certifications - Pluralsight Skip to content Pluralsight Skills A Cloud Guru Flow Blog Sign in Sign in to Sign in to Sign in to Sign in Menu Sign in to Skills Sign in to A Cloud Guru Sign in to Flow Pluralsight Skills A Cloud Guru Flow Blog Solutions Business solutions Cloud transformation Overcome complex cloud challenges and build cloud talent from within Security Boost security skills, reduce cyber risk, and build customer trust Upskilling & reskilling Build the tech skills teams need for mission-critical projects Engineer onboarding Get new engineering hires to full productivity faster Tech fluency Remove knowledge barriers and accelerate every touchpoint to technology Software delivery Empower software teams to ship reliable, scalable, secure code on time Solutions overview Demo our solutions By industry Public sector Healthcare Financial services Insurance Products Skills Build tech skills to drive results Top features All Courses For individuals Labs Certification Skills assessments Hands-on learning Learning paths For developers Software development Data & machine learning IT Ops Security Cloud Business Why Skills? View Plans A Cloud Guru Cloud-focused learning Ansible AWS Azure Cloud playground DevOps GCP Kubernetes Linux Terraform Why A Cloud Guru? View plans Flow Get insights into your workflow Engineering transformation Engineering metrics Delivery diagnostics Distributed teams DevOps metrics Investment strategy Developer success lab Flow services Getting started with flow Why Flow? View plans Resources Learn Blog articles Tech guides Case studies Infographics Reports Video series Connect Events Webinars Resource hub Featured resource State of Cloud 2023 Report 62% of organizations aren’t fully cloud literate. Is your org one of them? Learn more Contact Sales View plans Contact Sales 1298 Redirect Link Thank you! Our team will be in touch shortly. Loading form...If this message remains, it may be due to cookies being disabled or to an ad blocker. × Pluralsight empowers you to master AI onboard quicker deliver faster upgrade your skills build tech fluency upskill teams collaborate better streamline processes innovate smarter Develop critical tech skills. Cut cycle times. Build happier, healthier tech teams. And innovate smarter using AI. All with Pluralsight. Get started Learn AI Organizations we’ve helped: Why Pluralsight? Whether you’re an individual looking to learn Python to advance your career or an enterprise team looking to cut cycle times, speed up onboarding, or give your teams the skills to realize your strategies, we remove the challenges and roadblocks slowing you down. We’re advancing the world’s tech workforce, and that starts with making your work more efficient and effective—and giving you more to celebrate. See our solutions Online demo See our solutions in action Check out our demos to see in action the platform features that'll transform your teams, and get all the details straight from the experts who know your problems—and your solutions—best. Tour solutions Products Empower yourself or your team to develop the skills critical to delivering on your career goals and initiatives with our tech skills platform. View all coursesFor individualsTake a skill assessmentView plans Explore Skills Develop deep cloud expertise and production-ready cloud talent and skills. View all coursesFor individualsCloud transformation in actionView plans Explore A Cloud Guru Unlock your team’s potential and upgrade your processes with our software delivery intelligence platform. Take a Tour View plans Explore Flow Unlock your team’s potential and upgrade your processes with our software delivery intelligence platform. Take a Tour View plans Explore Flow Unlock your team’s potential and upgrade your processes with our software delivery intelligence platform. Take a Tour View plans Explore Flow Unlock your team’s potential and upgrade your processes with our software delivery intelligence platform. Take a Tour View plans Explore Flow Popular Pluralsight Skills topics to learn now View all Skills topics A Cloud Guru: Learn cloud like never before The industry leader in learn-by-doing cloud skill training is now part of Pluralsight! Master the skills you need to boost your career or accelerate your company’s cloud transformation. In fact, 96% of our business customers see improved results within six months. Now you can, too. 100s of courses and 1000s of hands-on labs Coverage of all major cloud providers Real cloud development practice environments Tailored-to-you learning paths for every skill level View Pricing Tell Me More Our Solutions Face the future with confidence Transform your technology workforce. One developer. One delivery. One success at a time. Here's how we enable you to conquer the challenges you're facing: See all solutions Cloud Transformation Icon Cloud transformation Overcome complex cloud challenges and build cloud talent from within Learn more Upskilling/reskilling Icon Upskilling/reskilling Build the tech skills you need for career growth and mission-critical projects Learn more Tech Fluency Icon Tech fluency Remove knowledge barriers and accelerate every touchpoint to technology Learn more Engineering Onboarding Icon Engineering onboarding Get new engineering hires to full productivity faster Learn more Software Delivery Icon Software delivery Empower software teams to ship reliable, scalable, secure code on time Learn more Agile Transformation Icon Agile transformation Identify how your Agile journey is progressing and how to improve Learn more What our customers are saying A word from our partners “As a bank, we have a commitment to ensure that we have the right skills and competencies to become a truly digital organization.” Helen Tippell IB Technology Chief Architect and CTO, Deutsche Bank “This really has changed the game, in terms of the way we view the delivery of technology and how we can work with our business users to try these ideas and then move forward.” Terry Learmouth EMEA CIO, Nomura "We started streamlining so there’s more time for developers to actually focus on their task. The biggest surprise was the change in coding days—it jumped from 2.3 to 3 almost immediately.” Abesh Rajasekharan Director of Technology, Thompson Reuters See our growth, progress, and evolution At Pluralsight, we see firsthand every day how technology makes the impossible possible. It’s why Pluralsight One exists: to accelerate our mission of advancing the world’s tech workforce, challenging assumptions about solutions, and creating significant, lasting social impact. For non-profits Ready to get started withPluralsight Skills? Develop better. Deliver better. View individual plans View team plans Ready to get started withPluralsight Flow? Unlock your people. Upgrade your processes. Contact sales Schedule a Demo 1179 Redirect Link Thank you! Our team will be in touch shortly. Loading form...If this message remains, it may be due to cookies being disabled or to an ad blocker. Ready to skill upyour entire team? 20 Subscriptions Need more subscriptions? Contact sales. Continue to checkout Continue to checkout Cancel With your Pluralsight plan, you can: With your 30-day pilot, you can: Access thousands of videos to develop critical skills Give up to 50 users access to thousands of video courses Practice and apply skills with interactive courses and projects See skills, usage, and trend data for your teams Prepare for certifications with industry-leading practice exams Measure proficiency across skills and roles Align learning to your goals with paths and channels Ready to skill upyour entire team? 10 Subscriptions Need more subscriptions? Contact sales. Continue to checkout Cancel With your Pluralsight plan, you can: With your 30-day pilot, you can: Access thousands of videos to develop critical skills Give up to 50 users access to thousands of video courses Practice and apply skills with interactive courses and projects See skills, usage, and trend data for your teams Prepare for certifications with industry-leading practice exams Measure proficiency across skills and roles Align learning to your goals with paths and channels Support Contact Help Center IP Allowlist Site Map Download Pluralsight Skills Plans A Cloud Guru Plans Flow Plans Professional Services Community Guides Teach Partner with Pluralsight Affiliate Partners Pluralsight One Authors Company About Us Careers Newsroom Resources Industries Education Financial Services (FSBI) Healthcare Insurance Non-Profit Public Sector Newsletter Sign up with your email to join our mailing list. 1041 Redirect Link Form Submitted Successfully! Loading form...If this message remains, it may be due to cookies being disabled or to an ad blocker. Copyright © 2004 - 2024 Pluralsight LLC. All rights reserved Terms of Use Privacy Notice Modern Slavery Statement