Datanami: Big Data, Big Analytics, Big Insights Translation Disclaimer About Resources Subscribe Follow Datanami: Menu Home COVID-19 Features Articles This Just In People to Watch 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Readers’ Choice Awards 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Decade of Datanami Sectors Academia Biosciences Financial Services Government Healthcare Manufacturing Retail Science Other Applications Artificial Intelligence Complex Event Processing Data Mining Enterprise Analytics Predictive Analytics Research Analytics Visualization Technologies Cloud Frameworks Middleware Network Processors Storage Systems Vendors Job Bank Events Events Advanced Scale Forum HPC + AI Wall St Advertise DuckDB Walks to the Beat of Its Own Analytics Drum Rapid GenAI Progress Exposes Ethical Concerns Hyperautomation’s Benefits and Challenges and How To Use It In Your Enterprise Couchbase Bolsters GenAI Development with Vector Search, RAG This Just In Most Read March 5, 2024 Snowflake Partners with Mistral AI to Bring Language Models to Enterprises Through Snowflake Cortex Cloudera Unveils Next Phase of Open Data Lakehouse Focused on Maximizing Customer Data to Unlock Enterprise AI Bloomberg Survey Reveals ESG Data Coverage and Management as Top Challenges for Firms in Europe Entrada Secures Strategic Investment from Databricks Ventures to Scale AI + Data Capabilities March 4, 2024 Oracle Enhances Scalability and Automation with Globally Distributed Autonomous Database Release Purdue Expands Access to AI Education with New Fully Online Master’s Degree Program Pluralsight Introduces AI Sandboxes to Help Organizations Master AI Tools and Techniques SAS a Leader in Real-Time Interaction Management, Says Independent Research Firm Evaluation Reveal Survey Report: AI Integration is Biggest Software Challenge of 2024 Carruthers and Jackson Launches 7th Annual Summer School for Data Leaders: Navigating the Era of AI March 1, 2024 Teradata’s ClearScape Analytics Boosts Profitability with Enhanced Data Scientist Productivity, According to Forrester Study Intel Launches Altera, Its New Standalone FPGA Company Huawei Launches 3 Innovative Data Storage Solutions for the AI Era Neon Announces Enhanced Partnership Plan, Bringing Scalable Databases to Users Globally Informatica Launches Cloud Data Access Management for Automating Policy Enforcement at Scale OVHcloud US Launches OVHcloud Managed Databases as a Fully Managed Cloud Platform for Today’s Most Popular Databases February 29, 2024 Dresner Advisory Services Publishes 2024 Data Engineering Market Study MongoDB Expands Global Availability of MongoDB Atlas to 6 Additional Cloud Regions Denodo Recognized as a Leader in Enterprise Data Fabric Evaluation by Independent Analyst Firm H2O.ai Releases New Language Model H2O-Danube-1.8B for Mobile More This Just In… Most Read Features Sorry. No data so far. Most Read News In Brief Sorry. No data so far. Most Read This Just In Sorry. No data so far. Subscribe to Datanami's Weekly Update! Be the most informed person in the room! Stay ahead of the tech trends with industry updates delivered to you every week! Cognizant Predicts GenAI Will Inject $1 Trillion Into the U.S. Economy We know that GenAI has great potential to transform businesses and the economy. However, we don’t know how much impact it will have. Would the hype fizzle away in a few years or would have a most lasting impression? Read more… Linkedin To Open Source Its Data Lakehouse Management Tool OpenHouse LinkedIn has announced the open sourcing of OpenHouse - a management framework for data lakehouse. OpenHouse offers a control plane that gives users an interface with managed tables in open-source data lakehouse deploy Read more… 2024 State of Apache Airflow Report Shows Rapid Growth in Airflow Adoption Organizations have been working on becoming more data-driven for many years at this point, with mixed results. We understand that the value of data is undeniable. However, it has now become more crucial than ever for org Read more… Big Data Career Notes: February 2024 Edition In this monthly feature, we’ll keep you up-to-date on the latest career developments for individuals in the big data community. Whether it’s a promotion, new company hire, or even an accolade, we’ve got the details Read more… AI-Powered Work Assistant Glean Raises $200M at a $2.2B Valuation The ever-increasing volume of data and applications continues to flood the digital workplace, making it more challenging for users to find data. A recent survey by Gartner found that nearly half (47 percent) of digital w Read more… More AI Added to Google Cloud’s Databases Google Cloud is bolstering its analytics and transactional databases, including BigQuery, AlloyDB, and Spanner, with new capabilities designed to drive the development of generative AI applications among its customers. Read more… CAST AI Report Shows Major Underuse of Cloud Resources in Kubernetes Kubernetes, an open-source container orchestration system for automating software deployment, has had widespread adoption amongst organizations around the globe. However, accurately forecasting the resources needed by Ku Read more… Reducing Cloud Waste a Top Priority in 2024, FinOps Foundation Says The increasing cost of cloud computing, particularly when it comes to storing data to feed AI algorithms, is a growing concern among companies, particularly larger ones, according to a new report by the FinOps Foundation Read more… Does Big Data Still Need Stacks? The IT industry loves its stacks. First there was the LAMP stack, then the Hadoop stack became popular. Over the past five years, something called the Modern Data Stack has taken hold in our collective data psyche, and n Read more… Dun & Bradstreet Report Reveals Latest Data Trends Across Organizations With the high volume of data being generated by businesses and the sharing of common processes, every role at an organization can play a role in data management. However, there is often misalignment between enterprise fu Read more… Putting Your Data On the Table One of the big breakthroughs in data engineering over the past seven to eight years is the emergence of table formats. Typically layered atop column-oriented Parquet files, table formats like Apache Iceberg, Delta, and A Read more… Hakkoda Study Reveals the Need to Modernize Data Stack in 2024 We know the potential of GenAI is undeniable, however, to fully harness the power of GenAI, organizations must modernize their data stack. This means they will need to overcome challenges such as lack of organizational d Read more… University of Michigan is Developing an AI Coaching Bot For Students In recent times, generative AI (GenAI) has emerged as a transformative force, revolutionizing the way we work, live, and learn. GenAI refers to a class of AI that is used to generate content, such as text, images, an Read more… Leveraging GenAI and LLMs in Financial Services Data and large language models (LLMs) can save banks and other financial services millions by enhancing automation, efficiency, accuracy, and more. McKinsey reports that the productivity lift from generative AI can lead Read more… Overcoming the Financial Breaking Point: How Businesses Can Overcome Data Cost Anxiety A 2022 IDC survey involving over 500 senior IT decision-makers highlighted a significant concern in data management, as more than half (52%) considered their data management spending unsustainable. This alarming trend un Read more… Forrester’s State of AI Report Suggests a Wave of Disruption Is Coming The explosive growth of generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) heralds opportunity and disruption across industries. It is transforming how we interact with technology itself. During this early phase of GenAI technol Read more… Predibase Launches LoRA Land to Rival GPT-4 Predibase, the leading developer platform for fine-tuning LLMs, has introduced LoRA Land, a collection of 25 open-source fine-tuned models that the company claims can challenge or even outperform the hugely popular GPT- Read more… Data Observability in the Age of AI: A Guide for Data Engineers Data observability refers to the ability to comprehensively monitor and understand the behavior of data within a system. It provides transparency into real-time aspects of the data pipeline beyond data monitoring. These Read more… More Articles → Sponsored Partner Content Learn How to Build a Custom Chatbot Using a RAG Workflow in Minutes [Hands-on Demo] Overcome ETL Bottlenecks with Metadata-driven Integration for the AI Era [Free Guide] Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Analytics and Business Intelligence 2023 The Art of Mastering Data Quality for AI and Analytics Navigating the AI era: How to empower data engineers for success TileDB Adds Vector Search Capabilities The uses and abuses of Cloud Data Warehouses 4 Tips For Migrating From Proprietary to Open Source Solutions Leading Solution Providers Tabor Network Sponsored Whitepapers Building an Operational Data Warehouse for Real-time Analytics Can You Use Kafka as a Database? View the Whitepaper Library Sponsored Multimedia The Power of DataOps: Bring Automation to Life No Comments Tactical Steps for Cloud Migration No Comments Immuta Data Access Platform No Comments Data Mesh: Fact or Fiction? No Comments ‹ › Contributors Tiffany Trader Editorial Director Alex Woodie Managing Editor Jaime Hampton Contributing Editor Douglas Eadline Contributing Editor John Russell Contributing Editor Steve Conway Contributing Editor Featured Events Women in Data Science Worldwide Conference March 8 Stanford CA United States Memory Con 2024 March 26 - March 27 Mountain View CA United States Data Universe April 10 - April 11 New York United States Call & Contact Center Expo April 24 - April 25 Las Vegas NV United States AI & Big Data Expo North America 2024 June 5 - June 6 Santa Clara CA United States AI Hardware & Edge AI Summit 2024 September 10 - September 12 San Jose CA United States View More… © 2024 Datanami. All Rights Reserved. A Tabor Communications Publication Back to Top Contact Privacy Policy Cookie Policy About Datanami Update Subscription Preferences California Consumers Datanami This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT