Model View Culture | A magazine about technology, culture and diversity. Skip to main content Model View Culture Toggle navigation Home Resources All Issues Authors News Support Sign up for our mailing list Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Twitter Facebook Mailing List Model View Culture A magazine about technology, culture and diversity. Home Resources All Issues Authors News Support Recent Posts the Week of April 13, 2020 We’re back for 2020! Make sure to follow us on Twitter, sign up for our mailing list and support on Patreon. We’re independent and fully reader-supported as always. This month we’ve got articles responding to the COVID-19 crisis, and how it’s affecting everyone from visually impaired users to Indigenous game developers. Take a closer look at the “culture war” going on in open source, white-washing of the newsroom and a fresh approach to how we conceptualize our work: society-centered design. Photo CC-BY See-ming Lee. Worker Coops: A Better Way to Make a Living in Tech By building our cooperative upon these principles, supplemented by our politics and dedication to social and economic justice, worker-owners at tech coops are able to shape our own deeply rewarding careers in technology, unrestricted by the constraints and bitter compromises that characterize more traditional careers in the industry. by Jack Aponte Flocos de Neve Aqui, Ali e nos Trópicos: democratizando as notícias internacionais do Brasil ao Equador A máquina gigantesca da mídia convencional e ocidental mostra-nos quem é suficientemente articulado, realmente sofisticado, consciente e honesto para cumprir todas as demandas do jornalismo internacional. Tradução por Carlos Alberto Medeiros / Cultne. by Julian Cola #TechSolidarity: Tech and Warehouse Workers Need to Stand Together The history of the labor movement shows that big business will go to great lengths to keep workers divided and maintain their power. by Sam Kern & Matt Smith Tips on Unionizing Your Tech Workforce Organizers on getting started, holding conversations about your workplace and building solidarity. by The Editor Engineering To Death in COVID-19 The sheer existence of the Tech solution creates the “normal” regardless of whether the disease is actually contained and regardless of whether treatment exists and is accessible. by tante Society-Centered Design Is A New Approach to Tech Development "By recognizing that human-centered design is problematic in the way that it focuses on individuals, on consumers, we can recognize that we need a new framework to ask different questions." by Anna Dorothea Ker Snowflakes Hither, Yonder and In the Tropics: Ungentrifying International News Reporting from Brazil to Ecuador The mammoth machine of mainstream and western media at-large tells us who is articulate enough, indeed worldly, mindful, and honest enough to saddle the demands required of international journalism. by Julian Cola A Six-Month Retrospective on Ethical Open Source The open source community has a strong desire to evolve, and if necessary, to redefine itself, to ensure that it can address the magnitude and complexity of today’s social, political and technological challenges. by Coraline Ada Ehmke The Culture War in Open Source is On The challenges to open source's "noble neutrality." by Nathan Schneider Black Excellence in the Age of Pandemic America’s Black creative class is busy both re-framing some parts and eradicating others, of the life, culture, and history that we have led. by Marcus K. Dowling Re-Victimized: When Sexual Assault Gets Uploaded to Porn Platforms The role that technology played in my attack not only immortalized the worst night of my life, but made it so that I had no escape from the trauma. by Rose Kalemba Pixels and Pandemics: Indigenous Game Devs Respond To The Virus That flux is creating enormous changes in what might be little Indigenous-run studios, but it is these creatives who have been meeting those same challenges head on in ways that larger studios cannot hope to. by Elijah Forbes In The Middle of A Pandemic, COVID-19 Information Remains Inaccessible to Visually Impaired People Access to quality information, in addition to being a fundamental right, is what allows us to make consistent and informed decisions on the issues that affect us the most. by Milagros Costabel Recent Issues 2016 Year in Review We review the major events, themes and trends from 2016. Includes: Data, propaganda and critical literacy. The state of activism dedicated to mental health in tech. The accomplishments of Black women in technology. Issue 43 We explore the dangers of real name policies in virtual reality, discuss how marginalization and privilege function in the sex tech industry, and critique colonialism as it manifests in data management practices. Issue 42 We celebrate diversity-in-tech initiatives run by women of color, analyze bullying culture at tech companies, explore representation of women technologists in drama and critique the assumptions behind virtual reality. Issue 41 We discuss affirmative action myths in technology, and critique bias in the mainstream tech press. Plus, the politics of professional brands, being bi in STEM, and the impact of constant plagiarism on marginalized students. Support Feminist Tech Media: Give A Small Amount For Each Issue We Publish Home Contribute About ©2020 Feminist Technology Collective, Inc.