Lake George RV Camping | Ledgeview RV Park & Campgrounds X Home Our Park While You're Here Plan Your Trip Lake George Area Testimonials Contact “North America’s Best” Cliquez pour vois en francais Home Our Park Testimonials While You're Here Amenities Park Map Photo Gallery FAQs Park Rules Plan Your Trip Reservations Our Rates Rental Units Great Deals Directions Rental Units Park Map Lake George Area Activities Attractions Events Great Escape Discounts Contact Menu ≡ Home Our Park Testimonials While You're Here Amenities Park Map Photo Gallery FAQs Park Rules Plan Your Trip Reservations Our Rates Rental Units Great Deals Directions Rental Units Park Map Lake George Area Activities Attractions Events Great Escape Discounts Contact Menu ≡ Ledgeview is a spot of paradise in the Adirondacks. Our travels have taken us across the country and we are always happy to return to our RV park home at Ledgeview. Lin and Jack S., Ponce Inlet, FL Our family has been camping at Ledgeview RV Park for the past sixteen years. Our son requests to camp only at Ledgeview when we are in Lake George. Chris S., Addison, VT Ledgeview is our ‘home away from home.’ The sites are large and clean, and the surroundings provide a relaxing stay. It feels as if you are amongst family. Joe and Stacy B., Kerhonkson, NY Clean, quiet, beautifully maintained and professionally managed are just a few of the reasons we keep returning to Ledgeview. Butch & Karen G., Pattersonville, NY We enjoy visiting Ledgeview RV Park because the owners and staff are very friendly. The park is clean and well-maintained. We love the quiet and serene atmosphere. Paul & Flo G., Iselin, NJ Lake George RV Campground A special place where the water meets the woods The choices in family camping in Lake George are almost as diverse as the area’s attractions, but for pure Adirondack beauty and quiet relaxation, you won’t find a more accommodating option than Ledgeview RV Park. Our clean and impeccably maintained Lake George RV Campground is conveniently located near all of the favorite Lake George attractions, yet just far enough away to guarantee your peace and privacy. Watch Our Park Video! Explore Our Park Discover Lake George Make a Reservation Great Deals Whatever time of year you’re here, Ledgeview RV Park has special savings for you to take advantage of for a week, a weekend, or the whole summer. Memories in Season Embrace the beauty of the Adirondacks by making Ledgeview RV Park your ‘home away from home.’ Learn more about staying with us for the season! Photo Gallery Read a Review Or Write a Review! See What Our Guests Are Saying! Keep in Touch With Our Newsletter! Email Lake George, NY… Quiet & Peaceful Facebook Instagram YouTube Google+ Facebook Instagram YouTube Google+ Quiet and peaceful. © 2024 Ledgeview RV Park and Ledgeview Village. All Rights Reserved. | Accessibility-statement Website Design by Campground Studios