FBI Records: The Vault — The Vault Skip to content. | Skip to navigation Search Site only in current section Advanced Search… Sections Contact the FBI FBI Headquarters Local FBI Offices Overseas Offices Report Threats & Crime More Contacts... About the FBI Quick Facts What We Investigate Frequently Asked Questions History Partnerships and Outreach Reports and Publications Criminal Justice Information Services Information Technology Intelligence Laboratory Services National Security Branch Training Academy More About Us... Most Wanted Ten Most Wanted Fugitives Most Wanted Terrorists Seeking Terrorism Info Kidnappings & Missing Persons Bank Robbers Parental Kidnappings Cyber’s Most Wanted White–Collar Crimes More Wanted by the FBI... FBI News News Blog Photo Gallery Podcasts & Radio Press Releases RSS News Feeds Speeches Stories Testimony Video Widgets FBI Stats and Services Identity History Summary Checks Crime Statistics/UCR Criminal Justice Information Services Fingerprints & Other Biometrics FOIA/Records Requests Gun Checks/NICS Laboratory Services Law Enforcement Services Name Checks Reports & Publications Training Victim Assistance More Resources... Scams and Safety Be Crime Smart Advice Common Fraud Schemes E-scams & Warnings Sex Offender Registry Report Threats & Crime Get a Job! FBI Fun and Games! Personal tools Log in Get FBI Updates Vault Home Info The Vault The Vault is our new FOIA Library, containing 6,700 documents and other media that have been scanned from paper into digital copies so you can read them in the comfort of your home or office. Included here are many new FBI files that have been released to the public but never added to this website; dozens of records previously posted on our site but removed as requests diminished; files from our previous FOIA Library, and new, previously unreleased files. The Vault includes several new tools and resources for your convenience: Searching for Topics: You can browse or search for specific topics or persons (like Al Capone or Marilyn Monroe) by viewing our alphabetical listing, by using the search tool in the upper right of this site, or by checking the different category lists that can be found in the menu on the right side of this page. In the search results, click on the folder to see all of the files for that particular topic. Searching for Key Words: Thanks to new technology we have developed, you can now search for key words or phrases within some individual files. You can search across all of our electronic files by using the search tool in the upper right of this site, or you can search for key words within a specific document by typing in terms in the search box in the upper right hand of the file after it has been opened and loaded. Note: since many of the files include handwritten notes or are not always in optimal condition due to age, this search feature does not always work perfectly. Viewing the Files: We are now using an open source web document viewer, so you no longer need your own file software to view our records. When you click on a file, it loads in a reader that enables you to view one or two pages at a time, search for key words, shrink or enlarge the size of the text, use different scroll features, and more. In many cases, the quality and clarity of the individual files has also been improved. Requesting a Status Update: Use our new Check the Status of Your FOI/PA Request tool to determine where your request stands in our process. Status information is updated weekly. Note: You need your FOI/PA request number to use this feature. Please note: the content of the files in the Vault encompasses all time periods of Bureau history and do not always reflect the current views, policies, and priorities of the FBI. New files will be added on a regular basis, so please check back often. Vault Links FOIA Home Vault Home Search Vault Recently Added A-Z Index Categories( click to retract ) - Administrative Policy Procedures - Anti-War - Bureau Personnel - Civil Rights - Counterterrorism - Foreign Counterintelligence- Frequently Requested - Fugitives - Gangs Extremist Groups - Gangster Era - Miscellaneous - Organizations - Organized Crime - Political Figures Events - Popular Culture - Public Corruption - Supreme Court - Unexplained Phenomenon - World War II - Violent Crime Check Status of Your FOI/PA Request Explanation of FOI/PA Exemptions Contact Us | About Us | Most Wanted | News | Stats & Services | Scams & Safety | Jobs | Fun & Games Resources for: Law Enforcement | Intel Partners | Researchers/Students | Communities | Parents | Victims | Businesses Follow Us On: Facebook | You Tube | Twitter | iTunes | All Sites Accessibility | eRulemaking | Freedom of Information Act | Legal Notices | Legal Policies and Disclaimers | Links | Privacy Policy | USA.gov | White House FBI.gov is an official site of the U.S. government, U.S. Department of Justice