Home - Quick and Dirty Tips Skip to main content Home Podcasts Grammar Girl Get-Fit Guy Money Girl Project Parenthood Relationship Doctor Modern Mentor Nutrition Diva Savvy Psychologist Who Knew? Curious State Unknown History Modern Manners Guy Books Categories Health & Fitness House & Home Parenting Relationships Pets Education Tech Productivity Business & Career Money & Finance Offers About QDT What's Hot 10 Ways to Save Money on Car InsuranceMarch 1, 2024 How To Find the Best and Most Reliable Sites for Online Shopping?February 27, 2024 6 Ways to Prepare Kids for Financial FreedomFebruary 26, 2024 Facebook Twitter Instagram Podcasts Grammar Girl Get-Fit Guy Money Girl Project Parenthood Relationship Doctor Modern Mentor Nutrition Diva Savvy Psychologist Who Knew? Curious State Unknown History Modern Manners Guy Books Categories Health & Fitness House & Home Parenting Relationships Pets Education Tech Productivity Business & Career Money & Finance Offers About QDT Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest QDT Grammar Girl Mignon Fogarty Curious State Doug Fraser Get-Fit Guy Kevin Don Money Girl Laura Adams Project Parenthood Nanika Coor Relationship Doctor Rachel Vanderbilt Modern Mentor Rachel Cooke Nutrition Diva Monica Reinagel Savvy Psychologist Dr. Monica Johnson Who Knew? Bruce and Jeanne Lubin Unknown History Giles Milton Modern Manners Guy Richie Frieman How to Stay Motivated to Reach Fitness Goals Get-Fit Guy By Kevin Don — Dec 19, 2023 Why “We Need to Talk” Isn’t the Best Way to Save Your Relationship Relationship Doctor By Stephen Snyder, MD — Sep 21, 2023 8 Debt Payoff Methods You Should Know Money Girl By Laura Adams, MBA — Aug 17, 2023 Latest from quick and dirty tips Money Girl By Laura Adams, MBA Mar 01, 2024 10 Ways to Save Money on Car Insurance If you own or lease a vehicle, every state requires you to have some amount of auto insurance. Even if you don’t own a car but occasionally driv... Listen Now By Eliana James, Contributor Feb 27, 2024 How To Find the Best and Most Reliable Sites for Online Shopping? The concept of online shopping has gained a lot of precedence recently. From helping people have a streamlined shopping experience to offering variety... Listen Now Money Girl By Laura Adams, MBA Feb 26, 2024 6 Ways to Prepare Kids for Financial Freedom Raising financially independent adults involves more than just handing out money or funding their education. It’s about providing them with esse... Listen Now Get-Fit Guy By Kevin Don Feb 22, 2024 What is the Devil’s Workout, Hellishly General or Heaven Sent? As I booted up my laptop to create the show this week, realized that this is the 666th episode of Get-Fit Guy. Out of curiosity, I searched for &lsquo... Listen Now Money Girl By Laura Adams, MBA Feb 22, 2024 Understanding Zombie Debt: Tackling Old Debts Effectively One of my students, Darla M., eloquently put, “Your zombie debt information is fascinating. I loved this course and crave to learn more.” ... Listen Now Get texts from Grammar Girl Text (917) 540-0876 Visit Joinsubtext.com/Grammar trending 1 3 Meanings of ‘Out of Pocket’ Grammar Girl By Mignon Fogarty Sep 10, 2020 2 When to Use ‘Nor’ Grammar Girl By Bonnie Mills Apr 09, 2021 3 ‘In Regard To’ Versus ‘In Regards To’ Grammar Girl By Mignon Fogarty Oct 11, 2018 HOST SHOWCASE Grammar Girl Mignon Fogarty Mignon Fogarty is the founder of the Quick and Dirty Tips network and creator of Grammar Girl, which has been named one of Writer's Digest's 101 best websites for writers multiple times. She is also an inductee in the Podcasting Hall of Fame. Curious StateDoug Fraser Unexpected gems of knowledge are hidden all around us. Let’s dig them up, one offbeat question at a time. Get-Fit GuyKevin Don Get-Fit Guy will give you the fitness tools to rise above your former self and achieve the healthy balance between athletic performance and an enjoyable life. Money GirlLaura Adams, MBA From credit, to taxes, to retirement, to insurance – Money Girl makes money simple so you rule your finances, make smart investment decisions, and have a richer life. Project ParenthoodNanika Coor, Psy. D. Parenting is tough. But with Project Parenthood's practical advice, tips, and tricks you’ll add more balance, perspective, and fun into your family’s busy life! Relationship DoctorRachel Vanderbilt, PhD Dr. Rachel Vanderbilt is a relationship scientist whose research examines how we communicate in our romantic relationships. On the Relationship Doctor podcast, she'll share evidence-backed research on how to live, love, and communicate with your partner. Modern MentorRachel Cooke Modern Mentor is your guide to leadership and communication, helping you craft a workplace experience you can feel good about. Nutrition DivaMonica Reinagel, MS, LD/N, CNS Nutrition Diva will help you sort food facts from fiction, separate the good information from the bad, and make eating healthy just a little bit easier – and a lot saner. Savvy PsychologistDr. Monica Johnson Meet life’s challenges with evidence-based research, a sympathetic ear, and zero judgment. Savvy Psychologist uses the best of psychology to help you be happier, healthier, and most importantly, yourself. Unknown HistoryGiles Milton Unknown History brings you surprising, quirky, and remarkable tales from the past, so you can pretend you paid attention in history class! Who Knew?Bruce and Jeanne Lubin Who Knew collects time-tested household tips and lifehacks to help you live better, solve everyday problems, and save money! Gain the practical wisdom you need to make the most of every day and every dollar! Modern Manners GuyRichie Frieman Live a more polite life in your personal and professional worlds with Modern Manners Guy’s humorous, down-to-earth approach to 21st-century etiquette. Sign Up for Our Newsletters Never miss another tip! Join our list to get updates from your favorite hosts delivered straight to your inbox your email Email Address By signing up, you agree to the our terms and our Privacy Policy agreement. Sign Up for Our Newsletters Never miss another tip! Join our list to get updates from your favorite hosts delivered straight to your inbox ABOUT US Whether you want to manage your money better, rock your professional life, stay fit and eat healthy, or discover the keys to better mental health, Quick and Dirty Tips delivers short-form podcasts and articles every week to keep you at the top of your game, usually in ten minutes or less! Email: contact@quickanddirtytips.com QUICK LINKS Health & Fitness House & Home Parenting Relationships Pets Education Tech Productivity Business & Career Money & Finance How to listen Privacy notice Your Privacy Choices Ads & Cookies Terms of Use About QDT Our Hosts OUR PICKS 10 Ways to Save Money on Car InsuranceMarch 1, 2024 How To Find the Best and Most Reliable Sites for Online Shopping?February 27, 2024 6 Ways to Prepare Kids for Financial FreedomFebruary 26, 2024 Facebook Twitter Instagram Copyright © 2024 Macmillan Publishing Group, LLC. Quick & Dirty Tips™ and related trademarks appearing on this website are the property of Mignon Fogarty, Inc. and Macmillan Publishing Group, LLC. Search text Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.