USC News - USC Today Skip to Content USC Today Open Site Navigation / Menu Search USC News Back to Main Menu Home Sections Back to Sections Arts Athletics Business Health Humanities Policy/Law Science/Technology Social Impact Student Life University Spotlight Contact Search USC Trojan Family Magazine Back to Main Menu Home Features & News Back to Features & News Small Bites Class Notes Archive Submit Search About This Site Contact Us Pressroom Find an Expert Media Contacts Update your Faculty Profile What are you looking for? Search: Search USC News Home Sections Arts Athletics Business Health Humanities Policy/Law Science/Technology Social Impact Student Life University Spotlight Contact Search USC News Top Stories ALL USC NEWS STORIES Science/Technology USC Annenberg student works to increase visibility of women in games industry Growing up, Serena Garcia believed a career in gaming was beyond her reach: “It seemed like a very male-dominant field.” Mar 5, 2024 University USC Women’s Conference celebrates the women of Troy The 16th annual conference, organized by the USC Alumni Association, allowed attendees to connect with peers and learn from industry and USC leaders, including President Carol Folt. Mar 4, 2024 University USC Latino Alumni Association sets ambitious goals after raising more than $1 million in a single night The group’s 50th anniversary scholarship gala dinner brings generations of visionary Latino Trojans together. Mar 4, 2024 University Q&A: Why USC hosts two mobile voting centers Registered voters can drop off their completed ballots at mobile voting centers on the University Park and Health Sciences campuses. Why does USC have these centers? The executive director of USC Dornsife’s Center for the Political Future explains. Mar 4, 2024 The Perils and Promise of California’s ‘White Gold’ The race to mine lithium at the Salton Sea is intensifying, but USC experts caution against potential environmental health impacts in a region already burdened by poverty and air pollution. LEARN MORE Trending All USC News Stories Arts America Ferrera receives USC School of Dramatic Arts’ Multihyphenate Award Health Alzheimer’s diagnosis signals risk of shortened lifespan in patient’s siblings University Cats and the L.A. Memorial Coliseum: A purr-fect fit Athletics USC unveils strategic vision to transform athletics facilities USC in the News SPECTRUM NEWS 1 ◆ USC College Advising Corps makes higher education a reality for Compton students CNN ◆ There’s a Mexican restaurant in nearly every U.S. county; USC’s Natalia Molina explains why that’s important VARIETY ◆ USC Libraries’ Scripter Awards nominations: ‘Origin’ surprises alongside ‘Oppenheimer’ and ‘Poor Things’ LOS ANGELES TIMES ◆ How occupational therapists can help the formerly homeless: USC’s Deborah Pitts explains HUFFPOST ◆ How to improve your longevity: Why USC’s Jennifer Ailshire doesn’t use the word ‘exercise’ SCREENDAILY ◆ Scoring a blockbuster: USC alumnus Ludwig Göransson discusses ‘Oppenheimer’ 23 for ’23: The top stories of last year The last 12 months have seen groundbreaking accomplishments, ambitious launches and moving moments for the Trojan Family. Check out all 23 of our favorite stories of 2023. SEE THE STORIES Hot Topics USC Alumni Association turns 100 USC Alumni Association marks a century of celebrating the Trojan Family. Transforming USC’s athletics facilities University President Carol Folt’s “moonshot” for athletics builds on recent momentum to support all 21 sports programs and launch USC Athletics into the future. Frontiers of Computing USC launches a $1B-plus initiative for computing including advanced computation, quantum computing, AI and ethics. It’s the largest, most comprehensive academic initiative in USC’s history. University Park Campus (Map) 213-740-2311 Health Sciences Campus (Map) 323-442-2000 Tommy Cam Hecuba Cam USC News Spotlight Collection Subscribe to USC News Trojan Family Magazine Class Notes Magazine Issues Connect with Trojan Family Magazine Subscribe to Trojan Family Magazine Advertise with Trojan Family Magazine Pressroom Find an Expert Election 2024 Media Contacts Update Your Faculty Profile Pressroom Privacy Notice Notice of Non-Discrimination Digital Accessibility Copyright © 2024 University of Southern California