Office of Science | Department of Energy Skip to main content Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search National Labs Energy.gov Offices Careers Newsroom History Organization Chart Work with Us Office of Science Main navigation Office of Science Home About Us About Us Leadership History Honors and Awards Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Energy.gov Home Initiatives Initiatives Advanced and Sustainable Energy Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Genomics High Performance Computing Large Scale Scientific Instrumentation Quantum Information Science Mission Mission Science Programs Field Mission Support Office of Project Assessment Science & Innovation Science & Innovation National Labs Universities User Facilities PuRe Data Resources Science Highlights DOE Explains... SBIR/STTR Funding Funding Funding Opportunities Awards Budget Portfolio Analysis and Management System (PAMS) Resources Resources Newsroom Scientific and Technical Information Brochures, Logos, and Information Resources FACA Science HQ FOIA Requests CSC (Chicago and Oak Ridge) FOIA Requests Jobs button button Unmanned Aerial Systems Propel Atmospheric Science Forward Students Nationwide to Compete in 34th Department of Energy National Science Bowl® NSF and DOE Establish a Research Coordination Network Dedicated to Enhancing Privacy Research Our Mission DOE’s Office of Science has a mission to deliver scientific discoveries and major scientific tools to transform our understanding of nature and advance the energy, economic, and national security of the United States. We are the nation’s largest federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences and are a major supporter of research in such key scientific fields as physics, materials science, computing, and chemistry. We are also the lead federal agency supporting fundamental scientific research related to energy. To keep America in the forefront of discovery and innovation, we sponsor research at hundreds of universities, national laboratories, and other institutions across the country. We also build and maintain a vitally important array of large-scale scientific facilities at the DOE national laboratories, which are used by thousands of researchers every year. About the Office of Science Video Url The U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE’s) Office of Science is the nation’s largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences, the steward of 10 DOE national laboratories, and the lead federal agency supporting fundamental research for energy production and security. Our job is to keep America at the forefront of discovery. This video is an overview of the Office of Science’s mission, people, and resources. Video courtesy of DOE's Office of Science Office of Science Email Updates To receive the latest news and updates about the Office of Science, submit your e-mail address. Science Headlines VIEW ALL EcoFABs Could Lead to Better Bioenergy Crops Fabricated ecosystems created at Berkeley Lab will expedite microbiome research and help underrepresented students in the classroom. Argonne Training Program Alumni Find Success in Extreme-Scale Computing The ATPESC curriculum covers everything from emerging hardware technologies and software development to data analysis and AI for science. PNNL Researchers Contribute to UCAR Best Paper A paper co-authored by four PNNL-affiliated scientists has been awarded the 2023 UCAR Outstanding Accomplishment Award for Publication. Experts Say Energy Justice Must Be Part of Fusion Energy and Sustainable Construction The panel focused on fusion energy as a clean and carbon-free way to generate electricity and on ways to make the concrete industry more sustainable. University and Stakeholder News VIEW ALL T2K Experiment Enters a New phase with Significantly Improved Sensitivity for Its World-leading Neutrino Oscillation Research The KEK/J-PARC center upgraded the main ring accelerator and the neutrino beamline to increase the beam power, along with new neutrino detectors. Learn more Schnee Selected to Serve on National Particle Physics Panel Advising the National Science Foundation and U.S. Dept. of Energy The head of the South Dakota Mines physics department, Richard Schnee, spent 2023 serving on the national particle physics panel, P5. Learn more Columbia Chemists Create the First 2D Heavy Fermion The layered crystal, CeSiI, with heavier-than-normal electrons is a new platform to explore quantum phenomena. Learn more Climate Change Isn't Producing Expected Increase in Atmospheric Moisture Over Dry Regions The findings are particularly puzzling because climate models have been predicting that the atmosphere will become more moist, even over dry regions. Learn more Funding News VIEW ALL DOE Announces Plans to Host an Informational Meeting and Requests Expressions of Interest for the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility Management and Operating Contract Competition U.S. Department of Energy Announces $61 Million for Small Business Research and Development Grants U.S. Department of Energy Accepting Nominations for 2025 Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award DOE Issues Request for Information and Launches New Website for the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility Management and Operating Contract Competition Recently Featured Articles VIEW ALL How Scientists’ Ability to Adapt Led to New Insights into Magnetism Learn More The Search Engine of Materials Data: How the Materials Project Advances Research Learn More Amy J. Clarke: Then and Now / 2012 Early Career Award Winner Learn More FLARE Brings New Power to Magnetic Reconnection Research Learn More Testing the Evolution of the Universe with Galaxy Clusters Learn More Lab Repurposes a Former Particle Accelerator to Become a Scientific Data Center Facility Learn More Silviu Covrig Dusa: Then and Now / 2012 Early Career Award Winner Learn More DOE Contributors to the Fifth National Climate Assessment Share Their Stories Learn More SNO+ Reveals the Power of Neutrinos Learn More Supercomputers Shine New Light on Ocean Turbulence Learn More Science Highlights VIEW ALL The “Nested Doll” Nucleus Nitrogen-9 Stretches the Definition of a Nucleus to the Limit Learn More Filling in the Cracks: Scientists Improve Predictions for the Dissolution of Minerals in Rock Fractures Learn More Artificial Atoms Power a Novel Quantum Processor Architecture Learn More Novel Theory-Based Evaluation Gives a Clearer Picture of Fusion in the Sun Learn More Physicists Remotely Sense Radioactive Decay to Probe Fundamental Forces and Particles Learn More Surprising Strategies: Scientists Quantify the Activity of Algal-Associated Bacteria at the Microscale Learn More Fair Play for Data: Researchers Develop Practical FAIR Principles for Data Sets Learn More Scientists Locate the Missing Mass Inside the Proton Learn More Researchers Directly Detect Interactions Between Viruses and their Bacterial Hosts in Soils Learn More How the Quantum World Can Help Scientists Engineer Biology Learn More The Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. Image courtesy of the Department of Energy Office of Science Office of Science U.S. Department of Energy 1000 Independence Ave., SW Washington, DC 20585 (202) 586-5430 Sign Up for Email Updates Twitter Youtube Linkedin An office of About Office of Science Careers & Internships SC Home Contact Energy.gov Resources Budget & Performance Covid-19 Response Directives, Delegations & Requirements FOIA Inspector General Privacy Program Small Business Federal Government The White House USA.gov Vote.gov Web Policies Privacy No Fear Act Whistleblower Protection Notice of EEO Findings of Discrimination Information Quality Open Gov Accessibility Vulnerability Disclosure Program