Let's Encrypt Skip navigation links Documentation Get Help Donate Make a Donation Become a Sponsor Current Sponsors and Funders Get Involved About Us Let's Encrypt Internet Security Research Group (ISRG) Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Shortening the Let's Encrypt Chain of Trust Policy and Legal Repository Service Status Statistics Careers Contact Blog Languages ✓ English Català Čeština Greek Polish Tamil Thai Dansk Deutsch Español Suomi Français עברית Hungarian Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português do Brasil Русский සිංහල Srpski Svenska Українська Tiếng Việt 简体中文 繁體中文 A nonprofit Certificate Authority providing TLS certificates to 363 million websites. Read all about our nonprofit work this year in our 2023 Annual Report. Get Started Sponsor From our blog Dec 28, 2023 A Year-End Letter from our Vice President A summary of how ISRG’s three projects, Let’s Encrypt, Divvi Up, and Prossimo continue to improve security and privacy. Read more Dec 13, 2023 Our role in supporting the nonprofit ecosystem A look at how Let’s Encrypt provides security and privacy to public and social benefit organizations. Read more Sep 7, 2023 Increase your security governance with CAA Using Certificate Authority Authorization and Account & Method Binding is an easy way to enhance your DNS security. Read more Jul 10, 2023 Shortening the Let's Encrypt Chain of Trust In late 2024, Let’s Encrypt’s cross-sign from IdenTrust will expire. Here’s everything you need to know about the upcoming transition, and why it will be a non-event for most people. Read more May 24, 2023 ISRG’s 10th Anniversary As ISRG celebrates its 10th anniversary, Co-founder and Executive Director Josh Aas reflects on the accomplishments of the nonprofit and looks ahead to its continued impact in the years to come. Read more Subscribe via RSS Major Sponsors and Funders Support a more secure and privacy-respecting Web. Donate Let's Encrypt is a free, automated, and open certificate authority brought to you by the nonprofit Internet Security Research Group (ISRG). Read all about our nonprofit work this year in our 2023 Annual Report. 548 Market St, PMB 77519, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401, USA Send all mail or inquiries to: PO Box 18666, Minneapolis, MN 55418-0666, USA GitHub Twitter Mastodon View our privacy policy. View our trademark policy. Subscribe to our Newsletter