Latest research | eLife Skip to Content eLife home page Menu Home Magazine Community About Search Alerts Submit your research Search by keyword or author Reset form Search Immunology and Inflammation Insights into ulcerative colitis The vesicular trafficking protein Rab7 maintains homeostasis in the gut by regulating the secretion of a protein called CLCA1. Preksha Gaur, Yesheswini Rajendran ... Chittur V Srikanth Reviewed Preprint Updated Feb 23, 2024 All research categories Highlights Increasing inclusion Recruiting researchers with Black-heritage backgrounds to a leading research centre in the UK. Saher Ahmed, David J Adams ... Maria Augusta Arruda Feature Article Feb 21, 2024 Energy saving in fish Swimming in a school allows fish to reduce energy expenditure and recover faster from exercise. Yangfan Zhang, George V Lauder Research Article Feb 20, 2024 One year of eLife’s new model Thousands of authors have put their trust in a new approach to publishing, as have editors and reviewers. Timothy E Behrens, Yamini Dalal ... Detlef Weigel Editorial Feb 29, 2024 Latest research Magazine Latest research Structural Biology and Molecular Biophysics Activation of Polycystin-1 Signaling by Binding of Stalk-derived Peptide Agonists Shristi Pawnikar, Brenda S. Magenheimer ... Yinglong Miao Reviewed Preprint Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Cell Biology Multi-omics characterization of partial chemical reprogramming reveals evidence of cell rejuvenation Wayne Mitchell, Ludger J.E. Goeminne ... Vadim N. Gladyshev Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Biochemistry and Chemical Biology Structure and evolution of Alanine/Serine Decarboxylases and the engineering of theanine production Hao Wang, Biying Zhu ... Zhaoliang Zhang Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Neuroscience A Statistical Framework for Analysis of Trial-Level Temporal Dynamics in Fiber Photometry Experiments Gabriel Loewinger, Erjia Cui ... Francisco Pereira Reviewed Preprint Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Structural Biology and Molecular Biophysics Structural mechanisms for VMAT2 inhibition by tetrabenazine Michael P. Dalton, Mary Hongying Cheng ... Jonathan A. Coleman Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Medicine Membrane Bound O-Acyltransferase 7 (MBOAT7) Shapes Lysosomal Lipid Homeostasis and Function to Control Alcohol-Associated Liver Injury Venkateshwari Varadharajan, lyappan Ramachandiran ... J. Mark Brown Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Microbiology and Infectious Disease Epidemiology and Global Health Improving SARS-CoV-2 variants monitoring in the absence of genomic surveillance capabilities: a serological study in Bolivian blood donors in October 2021 and June 2022 Lucia Inchauste, Elif Nurtop ... Stéphane Priet Reviewed Preprint Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Neuroscience Antipsychotic drugs selectively decorrelate long-range interactions in deep cortical layers Matthias Heindorf, Georg B. Keller Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Chromosomes and Gene Expression Genetics and Genomics Single cell ‘omic profiles of human aortic endothelial cells in vitro and human atherosclerotic lesions ex vivo reveals heterogeneity of endothelial subtype and response to activating perturbations Maria L. Adelus, Jiacheng Ding ... Casey E. Romanoski Reviewed Preprint Updated Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Neuroscience Intrinsic dynamics of randomly clustered networks generate place fields and preplay of novel environments Jordan Breffle, Hannah Germaine ... Paul Miller Reviewed Preprint Mar 4, 2024 Formats available: HTML Load more Magazine Neuroscience Visual System: Wiring up for controlled flight Albert Cardona Insight Mar 4, 2024 Evolutionary Biology Computational Biology: Capturing the unpredictability of stem cells Arda Durmaz, Valeria Visconte Insight Mar 1, 2024 Being Neurodivergent in Academia: The meaning of a word Kirsty Lauder Feature Article Feb 29, 2024 Scientific Publishing: The first year of a new era Timothy E Behrens, Yamini Dalal ... Detlef Weigel Editorial Feb 29, 2024 Neuroscience Computational Neuroscience: Building a mathematical model of the brain Frances Skinner Insight Feb 28, 2024 Microbiology and Infectious Disease Stress Adaptation: Adapting to ever-changing conditions Serge Pelet Insight Feb 28, 2024 Structural Biology and Molecular Biophysics Archaea: Exploring surface structures Bernhard Schuster Insight Feb 28, 2024 See more Magazine articles Research categories Biochemistry and Chemical Biology Cancer Biology Cell Biology Chromosomes and Gene Expression Computational and Systems Biology Developmental Biology Ecology Epidemiology and Global Health Evolutionary Biology Genetics and Genomics Immunology and Inflammation Medicine Microbiology and Infectious Disease Neuroscience Physics of Living Systems Plant Biology Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine Structural Biology and Molecular Biophysics Back to top Be the first to read new articles from eLife Sign up for email alerts Privacy notice Skip to Content eLife home page Menu Home Magazine Community About Research categories Inside eLife Search Subscribe to alerts Submit your research Author guide Reviewer guide Back to top About Jobs Who we work with Alerts Contact Terms and conditions Privacy notice Inside eLife Monthly archive For the press Resources XML and Data Find us on GitHub eLife is a non-profit organisation inspired by research funders and led by scientists. Our mission is to help scientists accelerate discovery by operating a platform for research communication that encourages and recognises the most responsible behaviours in science. eLife Sciences Publications, Ltd is a limited liability non-profit non-stock corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA, with company number 5030732, and is registered in the UK with company number FC030576 and branch number BR015634 at the address: eLife Sciences Publications, Ltd Westbrook Centre, Milton Road Cambridge CB4 1YG UK © 2024 eLife Sciences Publications Ltd. Subject to a Creative Commons Attribution license, except where otherwise noted. ISSN: 2050-084X