Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Australian Government - CSIRO Blog icon Skip to content Skip to search AUSTRALIA’S NATIONAL SCIENCE AGENCY About Research Work with us Careers Education News Events Search Quick links Climate change COVID-19 research Diets Staff profiles Our work Explore our research We are among the world's largest and most diverse scientific research organisations, dedicated to addressing Australia's most pressing challenges. Join us We are CSIRO Your national science agency As Australia's national science agency and innovation catalyst, we solve the greatest challenges through innovative science and technology. Our purpose Work with us Science and technology can help your business Spanning a range of scientific disciplines across the various stages of the innovation lifecycle, we apply our research to inform policy, develop new industries and evolve existing sectors. Unlock success We recognise that Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples make extraordinary contributions to Australian life including in cultural, economic and scientific domains. Acknowledgement of Country CSIRO acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands, seas and waters, of the area that we live and work on across Australia and pays its respect to Elders past and present. Indigenous science projects Solving the greatest challenges CSIRO helps Heritage NSW solve 120-year maritime mystery of the SS Nemesis An investigation by CSIRO, conducted for Heritage NSW, has helped identify the wreck of a steamship that disappeared off Australia’s east coast in 1904. Synthetic biology advances to generate $30B opportunity for Australia A new report by CSIRO and Main Sequence Ventures charts Australia’s progress against ten recommendations put forward in the National Synthetic Biology Roadmap. One million ‘Introduction to AI’ scholarships available to Australians CSIRO’s National AI Centre and Institute of Applied Technology Digital have partnered to make AI education easily accessible. Our greatest inventions Fast Wifi Aerogard Hendra vaccine Plastic banknotes Raft Polymerisation Fast Wifi Our wireless invention lies at the heart of what is now the most popular way to connect computers without wires. It is used in offices, public buildings, homes and coffee shops - often called 'WiFi Hotspots'. The invention came out of our pioneering work in radioastronomy. Where did wifi come from? Aerogard Aerogard has been keeping flying pests at bay since the 1960s, helping prevent diseases that infect animals and humans. In 1938, Doug Waterhouse was working on a repellent for sheep blowfly. With the arrival of World War II, he turned to protecting allied troops from mosquitoes. Itching to learn more World's first Hendra vaccine In 1994, a deadly new virus threatened to stop Australia's premier horse race – the Melbourne Cup. Over 16 years, 18 outbreaks of Hendra virus were recorded. In May 2011, we announced the development of a prototype vaccine for horses. By March 2013, our scientists confirmed that horses were immune to Hendra virus six months post vaccination. How it happened Plastic banknotes Australia's introduction of plastic bank notes with optically variable devices (OVDs), developed by CSIRO, was a world's first and represented a paradigm shift towards a currency secure against forgery. This was one of our longest and most successful research initiatives. Learn more about our inventions RAFT polymerisation RAFT polymerisation is a new technique for creating plastics that allows a higher degree of control over the way molecules link together. Plastics are essential elements of modern life, created through the process of polymerisation to give them a range of different attributes. Learn more Latest news There are no news releases to show. Connect with CSIRO Partner Commercialisation marketplace Partner Commercialisation marketplace Partner Commercialisation marketplace Partner Commercialisation marketplace Partner Commercialisation marketplace Vacancy Want to join the team? Vacancy Want to join the team? Vacancy Want to join the team? Vacancy Want to join the team? Vacancy Want to join the team? CSIRO events Join one of our exciting events CSIRO events Join one of our exciting events CSIRO events Join one of our exciting events CSIRO events Join one of our exciting events CSIRO events Join one of our exciting events Students Sign up for a studentship Students Sign up for a studentship Students Sign up for a studentship Students Sign up for a studentship Students Sign up for a studentship Recent articles There are no news releases to show. At CSIRO, we solve the greatest challenges through innovative science and technology. Access to information Accessibility Copyright Legal notice and disclaimer Policy & Guidelines Your privacy We are committed to child safety and to the implementation of Child Safe principles and procedures. Contact us 1300 363 400 Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address Please leave this field empty or your enquiry will not be submitted: You shouldn't be able to see this field. Please try again and leave the field blank. Subscribe Thanks. You're all set to get our newsletter We could not sign you up to receive our newsletter. Please try again later or contact us if this persists. CSIRO acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the land, sea and waters, of the area that we live and work on across Australia. We acknowledge their continuing connection to their culture and pay our respects to their Elders past and present. View our vision towards reconciliation. Show Info Contact us Find out how we can help you and your business. Get in touch using the form below and our experts will get in contact soon! CSIRO will handle your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and our Privacy Policy. Email * Enter a valid email address, for example jane.doe@csiro.au Country * A Country value must be provided First name * First name must be filled in Surname * Surname must be filled in I am representing * Myself Organisation Please choose an option Organisation * Organisation must be filled in Enquiry Subject * Please provide a subject for the enquriy 0 / 100 Your enquiry * We'll need to know what you want to contact us about so we can give you an answer 0 / 1900 I’d like to hear more by subscribing to CSIRO's monthly e-newsletter, Snapshot. Send enquiry Please leave this field empty or your enquiry will not be submitted: You shouldn't be able to see this field. Please try again and leave the field blank. Thank you We have received your enquiry and will reply soon. We're Sorry The contact form is currently unavailable. Please try again later. If this problem persists, please call us with your enquiry on 1300 363 400 or +61 3 9545 2176. We are available from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm AEST Monday - Friday.