Compliance Solutions for Websites, Apps and Organizations | iubenda × English English Italiano Deutsch Español Français Português (BR) Nederlands Dansk Português Login Sign up Products and services A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, on multiple languages and legislations Overview Pricing For websites/apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Explore Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in 14 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Explore Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps Terms and Conditions Generator Explore Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 14 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Features Documentation and guides For organizations Whistleblowing Management Tool Explore Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print. Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps For organizations Consent Database Explore Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps For organizations Register of Data Processing Activities Explore Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore Features Documentation and guides Not sure what you need? Getting started guide Blog Contact us iubenda for... Use cases Some of the ways you can use iubenda iubenda for the US iubenda for GDPR iubenda for FADP iubenda for LGPD iubenda for mobile apps iubenda for Facebook apps iubenda for Agencies iubenda for Enterprise companies iubenda for Affiliates iubenda for Publishers iubenda for Google Consent Mode v2 iubenda for Consent optimization Start generating The easiest way to get Google Consent Mode v2. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.Set up Google Consent Mode v2Set up Google Consent Mode v2 × We help with the legal requirements, so you can focus on the business Attorney-level solutions to make your websites and apps compliant with the law across multiple countries and legislations Start generating Get your documents and make your site or app compliant in minutes Trusted by over 100,000 clients in 100+ countries Watch our video overview A 360° solution to make your sites and apps compliant with the law A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations Overview Pricing For websites/apps Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes. Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in 14 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework. Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more. Explore Features Documentation and guides iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode v2 support For websites/apps Terms and Conditions Generator Create your terms and conditions in minutes.Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in 14 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more. Explore Features Documentation and guides For organizations Whistleblowing Management Tool Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print. Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps For organizations Consent Database Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs via your web forms. Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities. Explore Features Documentation and guides For websites/apps For organizations Register of Data Processing Activities Document all the data processing activity within your organization. To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization. Explore Features Documentation and guides All our products are WCAG Level AAA Compliant What are the main requirementsfor websites and app owners? Privacy and Cookie Policy Provide a Privacy and Cookie Policy that also includes any third party service providers you're using, like Google Analytics or Google Adsense. EU Cookie Law If you have users from the EU, you must display a cookie banner, provide a cookie policy, acquire consent for the installation of cookies and block profiling cookies until consent has been obtained. Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions set the terms for how your site, app or service must be used and, most importantly, protect you from potential liabilities. GDPR Consent Records If you have EU-based users and you use web-forms on your site — such as newsletter sign-up forms or registration forms — you must collect and maintain valid records of consent in order for the consent you’ve collected to be considered valid. CPRA Disclosures If you have a business and you target Californian consumers, you will need to comply with CPRA (CCPA amendment) requirements. This includes making specific disclosures regarding your data processing practices and honoring consumer rights. "Is my legislation covered?" We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements. Full legal overview Attorney-level compliance solutions at the convenience only software can provide Focus on your business, let us help you with the compliance One dashboard to manage your online compliance across multiple countries and legislations The expertise of an international legal team packaged into a convenient and easy to use software solution We continuously monitor the major legislations and keep both you and our products up to date Focus on your business, let us help you with the compliance One dashboard to manage your online compliance across multiple countries and legislations The expertise of an international legal team packaged into a convenient and easy to use software solution We continuously monitor the major legislations and keep both you and our products up to date Explore all features and benefits Trusted by over 100,000 clients in 100+ countries “If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.” Start generating TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION 2779014 self-updating documents already generated FAQ Which countries do you cover? We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data guidelines implemented in each country. More on global privacy laws Are your solutions GDPR compliant? Yes, all our solutions meet provisions of the hugely important General Data Protection Regulation as well as the ePrivacy Directive (Cookie Law). More about the GDPR Documentation and Guides Getting Started GuideLegal Overview GuideGDPR GuideVideo Guides See all Guides Not sure what you need? Read our Getting Started Guide Chat with us live or contact support Or join us at our next webinar to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions Enterprise Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations. Get in touch Looking for custom documents? Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review. Get in touch Become a Certified Partner iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law. More on the partner program → Product and services Compliance for websites and apps Overview Pricing Free site scan Getting started guide Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator Features Help and guides Explore Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Features Help and guides Explore Terms and Conditions Generator Features Help and guides Explore Consent Database Features Help and guides Explore Register of Data Processing Activities Features Help and guides Explore Company Work with us Blog Get certified as a Compliance Expert Partner directory Earn with iubenda Legal Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Whistleblower Form Whistleblower policy Imprint/Impressum Your Privacy Choices Notice at Collection Consent Database Privacy Notice Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Privacy Notice Help Documentation Feedback & support forum Contact support Webinars Partner Academy Country iubenda s.r.lVia San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)EU VAT No: IT07347120961UK VAT No: GB370904694Milan Chamber of CommerceSC: 12,603.50 Eur (fully paid up) Content available on iubenda.com and documents generated using the Service are intended for general information purposes only. Although all clauses and provisions inside the generator database have been drafted by a team of highly qualified legal experts and regularly undergo reviews and updates, documents are generated in a fully automated manner and therefore do not constitute or substitute the rendering of legal advice, nor does any assistance and customer support provided by iubenda establish an attorney-client relationship. This is why, despite all efforts in offering the best possible service, iubenda cannot guarantee generated documents to be fully compliant with applicable law. Users should therefore not rely upon documents generated using iubenda without seeking legal advice from an attorney licensed in the relevant jurisdiction(s).