Luxury and Lifestyle News | - Luxurylaunches Trending Billionaires Superyachts Neom Jeff Bezos The most expensive Amadea Qatar News Yachts People Cars & Jets Fashion Travel Time Pieces Homes More Auctions Tech Hotels Reviews Home Improvement Gastronomy Beauty Buildings Etc Jewelry Celebrities Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, has built a personal zoo that… Read More Celebrities Asia’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani, is so superstitious that he spent $120,000 to import two… Read More Travel Saudi Crown Prince MBS silences critics with a stunning video showcasing the progress of his… Read More Auctions To outbid another Arab prince once and for all, Saudi Crown Prince MBS made the… Read More Transport In a landmark move, an oligarch’s seized $217 million superyacht, which was also raided by… Read More The Latest News Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, wore a $6.5 million Patek Philippe during his extravagant pre-wedding party. With 12 complications, it’s the second most complicated watch by Patek ever. Asia’s richest family, the Ambanis, threw an extravagant three-day pre-wedding party for billionaire heir Anant Ambani, which wrapped… Following in the footsteps of Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg is said to have bought a $300 million superyacht and a $30 million support vessel in one go. Apt for the adventurous Facebook founder, the shadow vessel has a helipad, dive center & even a decompression chamber. Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg is on a shopping spree. The billionaire, worth $180 billion, is shelling out a… California Dreaming: Spending a wonderful weekend in LA LA land! Los Angeles, California, USA. You’ve read about it, seen it in the movies and shows, you’ve dreamed of… Even Logan Roy would approve of this luxurious Culinary Odyssey concept that offers a striking Michelin dining experience on a private jet Is it truly living a good life if you’re 40,000 feet high in your private plane with plain… Nita, the wife of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, gifted her daughter-in-law Shloka the worlds most expensive necklace the $55 million L’Incomparable. Will she out do herself with an even more extravagant gift for her future daughter-in-law Radhika Merchant? When the youngest child of Asia’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani, is to get married, the world pauses to… A mystery billionaire from Singapore has taken delivery of the world’s most expensive car, the Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail, priced at $31 million. This car is even pricier than the coachbuilt Boat Tail owned by Beyoncé and Jay Z. Behold the Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail, the third of four coachbuilt roadster commissions planned by the British luxury brand…. Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, has built a personal zoo that is spread across an area four times the size of New York’s famous Central Park. Not for captivity but it is a sanctuary for thousands of rescued animals that are cared for in state of the art facilities. Vantara, by 28-year-old Anant Ambani, the youngest child of centibillionaire Mukesh Ambani (worth $111 billion), and his wife… Originally designed to carry 280 passengers, a mystery billionaire who is also a health freak has converted a Boeing 787 into his flying mansion and even built a gym in it. His $350 million private jet has a spacious lounge with Italian marble, an office, and luxurious private rooms. Award-winning American company Greenpoint Technologies is a premier Business Jet Completion Center that has made its name in… Harrods is selling a futuristic face mask for $1,400 that uses 288 LEDs to make your skin look younger One cannot reverse time or age, but no one said anything about the skin and its appearance. Thanks… Lets connect – Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Celebrities Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, wore a $6.5 million Patek Philippe… Transport Following in the footsteps of Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg is said to have bought a… Reviews California Dreaming: Spending a wonderful weekend in LA LA land! Travel Even Logan Roy would approve of this luxurious Culinary Odyssey concept that offers a striking… Celebrities Nita, the wife of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, gifted her daughter-in-law Shloka the worlds… Transport A mystery billionaire from Singapore has taken delivery of the world’s most expensive car, the… Celebrities Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, has built a personal zoo that… News on Luxury Cars, Yachts, Jets and more Following in the footsteps of Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg is said to have bought a $300 million superyacht and a $30… Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg is on a shopping spree. The billionaire, worth $180 billion, is shelling out a… A mystery billionaire from Singapore has taken delivery of the world’s most expensive car, the Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail, priced at $31… Forget Uber Luxe; this member-only taxi service is set to dazzle Dubai’s millionaires. On offer are shiny Mercedes-Benz S-Classes, driven by… Designed for a family to have fun and soak up the sun, this 262-foot long superyacht comes with an expansive spa… With a starting price of $234,000 this 1,287hp Chinese electric supercar can easily out-accelerate every gas-powered European supercar Celebrity News Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, wore a $6.5 million Patek Philippe during his extravagant pre-wedding party. With… Asia’s richest family, the Ambanis, threw an extravagant three-day pre-wedding party for billionaire heir Anant Ambani, which wrapped… Nita, the wife of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, gifted her daughter-in-law Shloka the worlds most expensive necklace the $55 million… Anant, the son of Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, has built a personal zoo that is spread across an area four… Aiming to bank on Swifties, Marriott is offering Taylor Swift concert trips for 500,000 Bonvoy points. Asia’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani, is so superstitious that he spent $120,000 to import two olive trees from Spain to his… Luxury Travel News Even Logan Roy would approve of this luxurious Culinary Odyssey concept that offers a striking Michelin dining experience on a private… Is it truly living a good life if you’re 40,000 feet high in your private plane with plain… Originally designed to carry 280 passengers, a mystery billionaire who is also a health freak has converted a Boeing 787 into… Saudi Crown Prince MBS silences critics with a stunning video showcasing the progress of his jaw-dropping $500 billion Neom The Line… Neom, Saudi Arabia’s crown jewel of innovation, has just lifted the veil on Elanan, a visionary wellness sanctuary that redefines luxury.… Japan’s newest luxury train has a panoramic carriage so plush that it resembles the interiors of a private jet. Latest news LuxurylaunchesLuxurylaunches.com is an award-winning premium lifestyle website that has been meticulously reporting on the worlds of extravagance and opulence for the past 17 years. Home About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © 2022 - Luxurylaunches.com Back to top News Yachts People Cars & Jets Fashion Travel Time Pieces Homes More Auctions Tech Hotels Reviews Home Improvement Gastronomy Beauty Buildings Etc Jewelry Trending Billionaires Superyachts Neom Jeff Bezos The most expensive Amadea Qatar