Historic UK - The History Magazine & Heritage Accommodation Guide Historic UK Advertise with us Blog Contact Us Historic Accommodation Accommodation Type Bed and Breakfasts Castle Hotels Country House Hotels Historic Holiday Cottages House Boats Location England Scotland Wales Channel Islands Unusual Holidays Castle Breaks Castles to Rent Cottages by the Sea Cottages with Hot Tubs Cottages with Pools Large Cottages Quirky Cottages History Magazine The History Magazine History of England History of Scotland History of Wales History of Britain Culture UK Destinations UK Kings & Queens of Britain Living History Guide Trader’s Market Events Diary Reenactors Directory Living History Photo Gallery Family History About Historic UK Contact Us Search The History Magazine and Accommodation Guide Search Historic Breaks guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18+ GO Castle Hotels Live the fairytale and stay in a castle. Holiday Cottages Historic self catering cottages across the UK Country House Hotels A directory of the most historic hotels in Britain History Magazine John Dudley, the ‘Wicked Duke’ English general, admiral and regent for the young Edward VI, powerful John Dudley’s spectacular fall from grace and subsequent execution stemmed from his promotion of his daughter-in-law, Lady Jane Grey, as queen… read more Fergus McFerchard, Legendary Ruler of Scotland Fergus I, or Fergus MacFerchard is the legendary founding ruler of Scotland, the “first king of Scotland”. He is said to have come to Scotland from Ireland about 330 B.C. to help the Scots repel attacks from the Picts and Britons, and is credited with bringing the Stone of Destiny to Scotland. read more Warbirds and War Balloons: Operation Outward Taking a page out of Churchill’s “ungentlemanly warfare” strategy, Operation Outward weaponised the unpredictability of barrage balloons, armed with incendiary devices and trailing wires, let loose and floating over occupied Europe, causing havoc wherever they went… read more The Unexpected Afterlife of Catherine of Valois Catherine de Valois, wife of England’s famous warrior king Henry V, was laid to rest in the Lady Chapel of Westminster Abbey in 1437. However Catherine’s grandson Henry VII decided to rebuild the chapel – and then began her corpse’s strange and somewhat disturbing afterlife… read more Helen Gloag, Sultan’s Wife The extraordinary life of Helen Gloag, dubbed “Empress of Morocco”, a Scottish blacksmith’s daughter who became a Sultan’s wife. read more Historic Accommodation Bed and Breakfasts Castle Hotels Historic Hotels Historic Holiday Cottages Large Holiday Cottages Cottages with Private Pools Historic Wedding & Event Venues History Magazine Kings and Queens British Culture Historic Destinations Events Diary Reenactors Directory Trader’s Market Historic UK About Us Advertise Contact Us Write for Historic UK Sitemap Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy | Blog | Copyright © Historic UK Ltd. Company Registered in England No. 5621230. Search for: Search Popular searches Castle Hotels Coastal Cottages Cottages with Pools Kings and Queens Contact Us