The Internet Classics Archive: 441 searchable works of classical literature Bringing the wisdom of the classics to the Internet since 1994. Browse andComment Select from a list of 441 works of classical literature by 59 different authors, including user-driven commentary and "reader's choice" Web sites. Mainly Greco-Roman works (some Chinese and Persian), all in English translation. Announcements 5/10/23: With the classics.mit.edu site not responding on The Tech's w20 infrastructure, this copy has been taken over by MIT IS&T and provided as-is. Our data source was https://github.com/TheMITTech and you can follow up with the contact information provided there if you have any questions. 3/14/11: We are launching a restoration project in the spring of 2011 to fix up the broken content on the site. Thanks to everyone for your patience as we continue to restore the missing works. Please see the help section if you have any questions. Search Construct powerful queries to search the texts provided locally and remotely. Search by work and author, as well as the entire archive. Search now! Buy Books Purchase books using searches and lists of books available from Amazon.com, including books in the Loeb Classical Library. Help Consult the help pages for answers to common questions. Other Links Consult a list of other classical and electronic text resources, including several Web rings. In addition, each work has its own list of "reader's choice" Web sites (see Browse above). Acknowledgments and Awards Information and Privacy Policy Web Atomics The Internet Classics Archive by Daniel C. Stevenson, Web Atomics. World Wide Web presentation is copyright © 1994-2009, Daniel C. Stevenson, Web Atomics. All rights reserved under international and pan-American copyright conventions, including the right of reproduction in whole or in part in any form. Direct permission requests to tt-classics@mit.edu. Translation of "The Deeds of the Divine Augustus" by Augustus is copyright © Thomas Bushnell, BSG. MIT Accessibility