IMpower COVID-19 Update SOLUTIONS Request a demo Login Text customersusing your existing phone system Request A Demo Learn More What will your business use texting for? Workforce Texting Safe, private, compliantemployee-customer texting Customer Support Higher customer satisfactionand lower costs There's more… Lead generationGroup texting & and more IMpower Workforce Texting Customers and employees texting with each other is great for business but using personal cell phones to do so is unsafe. All texts with customers belong in your company network. Employees and customers text each other using existing business numbers No private employee cellphone numbers are shared All conversations are stored, documented and searchable No company data leakage and smooth handoff if the employee leaves "It has really become the most effective way to communicate with our clients" Stephanie C., Gold Coast Schools IMpower Customer Support Texting Texting reduces support costs and time to resolution by 20-50%. With an average score of 8.7, it's the highest rated support channel beating calls, emails, and live chat. Text enable your existing support line Templates and auto replies for faster, streamlined responsiveness Seamless integration with Facebook Messenger 'Learns' over time and can automate or semi-automate replies (aka chatbots) Integrations with common helpdesk software such as Zendesk, Desk, Avaya IPOCC "The texting channel is a win for our customers and our agents. Good stuff" James Stillman, Head Customer Champion, Man Crates More Use Cases Lead Generation: Increase the number of inbound inquiries, especially from mobile visitors, with our Message Mate texting widget 98% open rates for your messages back to customers. No emails or calls can beat that "I Emailed 4 Places & Texted You. Your Text Came Back Before I Even Checked My Email. Blown Away. You've Earned My Business" Text from Spreadsheets: The data in your Excel or Google spreadsheets can trigger texts to customers from your business number Endless automation opportunities to save you time & money "I Used To Text Each Customer Manually. It Took Hours. Now I Update The Spreadsheet In 10 Minutes And Forget About It" Group Texting: Get a message out and be certain it's been read 85% of people open their texts within 90 seconds "I Set Up Texting Groups For Customers, Employees, And Contractors. Everyone Stays Updated In Real Time Without The Inbox Clutter" Have another use case in mind? It's probably possible! find out IMpowerful Businesses IMpowering Partners Request A Demo Please enter your name Please enter a valid email Please enter a valid email Business Size 1-10 11-100 101-250 251-1,000 1,001-5,000 5,000+ Thanks for reaching out One of our team members will get back to you ASAP OK About Solutions Contact Text or Call Us: 1-855-815-7570 (toll free) © 2024 IMPOWER. All Rights Reserved Terms of use & Privacy policy Back to top