Nesta | UK innovation agency for social good Homepage www.nesta.org.uk/ Skip to content Our missions A fairer start We're working to narrow the outcome gap between children growing up in disadvantage and the national average. A healthy life We're working to increase the average number of healthy years lived in the UK, while narrowing health inequalities. A sustainable future We're working to accelerate the UK’s transition to a low-carbon, productive economy by cutting UK household emissions, and reducing skills mismatches in the labour market. How we work Our innovation methods Our expert teams blend different innovation practices to tackle some of society’s biggest challenges. Discovery We scan for emerging trends, promising technologies and interventions to help test encouraging ideas that we can apply to our missions. The Mission Studio We're building the next generation of mission-led start-ups. Impact Investments We back innovative businesses that focus on creating social and environmental good. About Nesta in a nutshell An introduction to our purpose, how we operate, where we work and the people behind our missions. Our strategy Find out more about what we want to achieve over the next decade. Our people Meet the team behind our work. Our history Find how Nesta has evolved since we started more than 20 years ago. Equity, diversity and inclusion at Nesta Where we work How we're governed Jobs at Nesta Nesta Trust Contact us Latest content Blog Follow the latest thinking from people working at the cutting edge of social innovation. Reports Browse our vast library of research and analysis on how innovation happens. Events Register for our upcoming events and catch up on content from our archive. Project updates Read the latest news, research analysis and progress updates from our mission and practice teams Features & long-reads Data visualisation & interactive Toolkits & guides Help me innovate Share this Twitter Twitter Linkedin Search nesta Popular searches Events Jobs Ravi Gurumurthy Home Our missions A fairer start A healthy life A sustainable future How we work Our innovation methods Discovery The Mission Studio Impact Investments About Nesta in a nutshell Our strategy Our people Our history Equity, diversity and inclusion at Nesta Where we work How we're governed Jobs at Nesta Nesta Trust Contact us Latest content Blog Reports Events Project updates Features & long-reads Data visualisation & interactive Toolkits & guides Help me innovate Homepage We are Nesta. The UK's innovation agency for social good. Nesta in 2 minutes More about us Transcript The UK faces major challenges – climate change, inequality, ill health. All of these problems can seem overwhelming. But we believe it's possible to meet these challenges through innovation. That's the creation of new and better solutions. We believe that through new products, new services, new business models, and new policies, meaningful change is possible.We are Nesta, the UK's innovation agency for social good. We design new solutions, test them rigorously, and help them to spread nationwide. How? By bringing our teams of designers, data scientists, and behavioural scientists to work with partners across the public and private sector, from local authorities and nurseries to supermarkets and energy companies, by harnessing the power of the arts to understand social problems and design solutions, by building new companies from scratch and investing in early-stage ones, by looking at what gets in the way of innovation and unblocking it.We push the boundaries of what's possible. We are on a mission to reduce education inequality in early childhood, ensuring all babies and toddlers have a fairer start in life, an equal chance to thrive. We are on a mission to make healthy eating easier and more accessible in schools, high streets, workplaces, and online, helping more people live a healthy life for longer.We are on a mission to reduce global warming by redesigning the UK's energy systems to reduce harmful pollution from households. We envision a sustainable future, where people can heat their homes more efficiently, cheaply, and easily. Our vision is a better life for millions of people. We are on a journey to that different and brighter future. We are Nesta. Join us on that journey. UK 2040 Options We're bringing together a range of experts and thinkers to address the defining issues facing the country, from tax and economic growth to health and education. View the 2040 policy options Explore the Discovery Hub Minister for the future A series of 24 radical ideas to tackle challenges around emerging technologies, social trends and political shifts Read the collection Innovation Sweet Spots Our experimental approach tracks the trajectory of innovations for social good Food innovation, obesity and food environments Future Signals – what we're watching for in 2024 Our annual look at the tech and trends that could shape the year ahead. Future Signals 2024 Stay up to date Join our mailing list to receive the Nesta edit: your first look at the latest insights, opportunities and analysis from Nesta and the innovation sector. Sign up for our newsletter Personal Details Email (e.g. [email protected]) First name: Last name: Organisation: Job title: Country of residence: United Kingdom Aaland Islands Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey (Channel Islands) Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of Kosovo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa (Independent) San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks & Caicos Islands Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States of America Uruguay USA Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe I'm interested in * A fairer start A sustainable future A healthy life Discovery Hub Sign up You can unsubscribe by clicking the link in our emails where indicated, or emailing [email protected]. Or you can update your contact preferences. We promise to keep your details safe and secure. We won’t share your details outside of Nesta without your permission. Find out more about how we use personal information in our Privacy Policy. Press Jobs Privacy Terms of use Accessibility Contact us © 2024 Nesta Nesta is a registered charity in England and Wales 1144091 and Scotland SC042833. Our main address is 58 Victoria Embankment, London, EC4Y 0DS. You can reach us by phone on 020 7438 2500 or drop us a line at [email protected]. All our work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License, unless it says otherwise. We hope you find it useful. Back to top