Dignity Memorial - Funeral Homes, Cremation and Cemeteries SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT ABOUT DIGNITY MEMORIAL CONTACT US BILL PAY PRINT English Canadian English Español Français Menu Close Call Call Plan a Funeralor Cremation Immediate Need Death has occurred or is near Plan Ahead Pre-plan a funeral or cremation Find Obituaries and Services Find Funeral Homes or Cemeteries Ideas andResources FREE INSIDER'S GUIDE: Why pre-plan a funeral or cremation? Learn More Prepaid Funeral Plans Funeral & Cremation Costs Cemetery & Cremation Property Cremation Celebration of Life Veterans Burials & Funerals When Death Has Occurred Grief & Sympathy Memorial Services VIEW ALL RESOURCES Plan a Funeral or Cremation Death has occurred or is near Plan ahead Find Obituaries and Services Find Funeral Homes or Cemeteries Ideas and Resources Cemetery Guide Prepaid Funeral Plans Funeral & Cremation Costs Cemetery & Cremation Property Cremation Celebration of Life Veterans Burials & Funerals When Death Has Occurred Grief & Sympathy Memorial Services Search Site Search About Dignity Memorial Contact Us Bill Pay English Canadian English Español Français Attention to detail like no other. GUARANTEED. Search Plan ahead and save Pre-plan today to protect the people you love. Low interest for 60 months on cemetery property. ACT NOW Find a provider in your community Our funeral, cremation and cemetery providers have served generations of people in their communities for up to 150 years. Search our 1,900 locations for one near you. Search Clear Search Plan a Cremation Even a simple cremation can be exceptional. CREMATIONAverage cremation costs Learn more CREMATIONQuestions to ask when choosing a provider LEARN MORE CREMATIONWhat to do with a loved one’s ashes LEARN MORE VIEW ALL ARTICLES Planning Ahead Protect the people you love and lessen the burden on your family. How to pay for a funeral on an installment plan 6 reasons prepaid funeral plans are the best gift Prepaid cremation questions answered VIEW ALL ARTICLES Cemetery & Cremation Property Honor your loved one with a personalized final resting place. CEMETERYThe types of cemetery property LEARN MORE COSTSCemetery property costs LEARN MORE CEMETERYCremation cemetery options LEARN MORE VIEW ALL ARTICLES Plan a beautiful, personal remembrance Particular passions, milestone moments and legacies created weave together to tell a unique story. The Insider’s Guide to Funeral & Cremation Planning will walk you through inspirational ideas and the simple steps to planning a very personal celebration. Fill out the form and a planning advisor will contact you to answer your questions and provide a customized estimate for final expenses. * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Please enter a valid email Phone Number * +1 Please enter a 10-digit phone number Zip Code * Please enter a valid zip code GET A FREE GUIDE & QUOTE About Dignity Memorial Dignity Memorial funeral, cremation and cemetery providers are proud to offer our unmatched services to families of all beliefs and backgrounds. LEARN MORE Cremation When you choose cremation, you have many options for commemorating the special life of a loved one. Which to choose: cremation or burial? Cremation memorial service ideas How much does cremation cost? VIEW ALL ARTICLES Traditional Funeral Based on long-established customs, traditional funerals are symbols of respect and honor. Learn everything about a funeral What does a traditional funeral cost? How to choose the right casket VIEW ALL ARTICLES The Latest From Our Newsletter PRE-PLANNINGPrepaid cremationoptions LEARN MORE PRE-PLANNINGThree funeral planning mistakes LEARN MORE FUNERAL PLANNINGPlan a veteran's funeral LEARN MORE The detail we're most proud of When you choose a local Dignity Memorial provider, you're choosing a celebration of life defined by professionalism, compassion and attention to detail you won't find anywhere else. It's an experience that no one wants to go through but the care and empathy that Caballero Rivero showed my family and I were unbelievable. They went over and beyond our expectations and made the process easy and worry free. Verified Customer February 2024 There are no words to express what a wonderful funeral home this is. They all were very warm, patient and loving. They were like family members to us. Can't thank them enough. Verified Customer February 2024 Everyone was competent; kind, compassionate and professional at my father's funeral. They were especially good with my 86yo mother. She said a score of '10' is not enough it should be '25'. That says it all. Verified Customer March 2024 Subscribe to the Dignity Memorial Magazine The Dignity Memorial Magazine is filled with helpful planning tips and ideas for planning every last detail to create an unforgettable send-off. Simply fill out the form to have this complimentary newsletter delivered directly to your inbox each month. Subscribe Comments Celebrating the details that make a life unique When we remember someone, it’s not the big things we miss most. It’s all the irreplaceable little things that made them special. WATCH VIDEO BACK TO TOP About Us Contact Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms of Service Accessibility Do Not Call © 2024 SCI SHARED RESOURCES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information This site is provided as a service of SCI Shared Resources, LLC. The Dignity Memorial brand name is used to identify a network of licensed funeral, cremation and cemetery providers that include affiliates of Service Corporation International, 1929 Allen Parkway, Houston, Texas. With over 1,900 locations, Dignity Memorial providers proudly serve over 375,000 families a year.