Biblica Global Bible Ministry Bible Read the Bible Online About the NIV Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Permissions Our Ministry Our Ministry Reach4Life Kingdom Partnerships Digital Bible Innovation Bible Apps Blog About About Biblica Our History Leadership Financial Stewardship Careers at Biblica Contact Biblica Ways to Give Monthly Giving Legacy Club Bible Read the Bible Online About the NIV Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Permissions Our Ministry Our Ministry Reach4Life Kingdom Partnerships Digital Bible Innovation Bible Apps Blog About About Biblica Our History Leadership Financial Stewardship Careers at Biblica Contact Biblica Ways to Give Monthly Giving Legacy Club Facebook Instagram Youtube Linkedin Give Now Search Search Close this search box. God's Word for Everyone, Everywhere Your generosity brings the Bible into the world’s least-reached and least-resourced communities, so that every waiting person can be transformed by the message of Jesus. Send Bibles Now Our Focus Translate Bibles that people can clearly understand. Innovate New ways to reach people withthe Gospel. Engage People with life-changingBible resources. Sign up for our newsletter Our Work Biblica is a global Bible ministry helping people engage with God’s Word for more than 200 years. With Great Commission partners like you by our side, we translate and freely release the Bible into languages and communities where people desperately need the Gospel. Share God's Word Send Bibles Today! Give Now Where We Work We’re a global Bible ministry serving alongside Gospel partners in four unique mission fields. Americas Africa MENA/Eurasia Asia Pacific Ministry News Ellis Island: Where Hope Met Scripture Picture the scene: Ellis Island, 1892. Weary travelers from distant lands, clutching their belongings and dreams, stepping onto the shores of a new world. A Read More » NIV Committee on Bible Translation Announces New Chair, Dr. Simon Gathercole The NIV Committee on Bible Translation (CBT) announced a new Chair effective January 1, 2024. Dr. Simon Gathercole has replaced Dr. Douglas Moo as CBT Read More » “Choose Life:” Biblica Celebrates 20 Years of Reach4Life Radical Gratitude: Overcoming Uncertainty with Thanksgiving The Unseen Heroes: Celebrating Bible Translators as Epic Storytellers Biblica stewards the New International Version Bible. Bible Read the Bible Online About the NIV Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Permissions Read the Bible Online About the NIV Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Permissions Ministry Our Ministry Reach4Life Kingdom Partnerships The Word Worth Sharing Digital Bible Innovation Bible Apps Our Ministry Reach4Life Kingdom Partnerships The Word Worth Sharing Digital Bible Innovation Bible Apps About About Our History Leadership Financial Stewardship Careers at Biblica Contact Biblica About Our History Leadership Financial Stewardship Careers at Biblica Contact Biblica Blog Latest Ministry News Latest Ministry News Giving Give Now Ways to Give Monthly Giving Legacy Club Give Now Ways to Give Monthly Giving Legacy Club © 2011-2024 Biblica. All Rights Reserved Worldwide. 300 General Palmer Dr #4, Palmer Lake, CO 80133 • 719.488.9200Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Facebook Instagram Youtube Linkedin Join Our Newsletter Fill out the form below to receive ministry updates. First Name Last Name Email* Δ Bible Read the Bible Online About the NIV Bible Verse of the Day Bible in a Year Permissions Our Ministry Our Ministry Reach4Life Kingdom Partnerships Digital Bible Innovation Bible Apps Blog About About Biblica Our History Leadership Financial Stewardship Careers at Biblica Contact Biblica Ways to Give Monthly Giving Legacy Club Search Search