Massachusetts Port Authority | Massport Skip to main content Our Properties Massport Boston Logan International Airport Worcester Regional Airport Hanscom Field Flynn Cruiseport Boston Conley Terminal Search Results About Massport Business Careers Contact Contact Massport Boston Logan International Airport Worcester Regional Airport Hanscom Field Flynn Cruiseport Boston Conley Terminal Alerts Massport Contact Massport Boston Logan International Airport Worcester Regional Airport Hanscom Field Flynn Cruiseport Boston Conley Terminal Search Results Welcome to Massport Powering What's Possible for the robust economy and diverse people of the Commonwealth. Aviation Boston Logan International Airport Hanscom Field Worcester Regional Airport Maritime Conley Container Terminal Flynn Cruiseport Boston Business Bids and Opportunities Finance Real Estate Boston Logan International Airport Hanscom Field Worcester Regional Airport Conley Container Terminal Flynn Cruiseport Boston Bids and Opportunities Finance Real Estate Connecting Massachusetts and New England to the world Boston Logan International Airport Worcester Regional Airport Hanscom Field Conley Terminal Flynn Cruiseport Boston Celebrating 100 years Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) is a global gateway for Massachusetts and New England, with direct flights to over 100 domestic and international destinations serviced by over 40 airlines. Located in East Boston, Boston Logan’s four terminals connect our city to the world. Learn More Flight Status Located in the heart of Central Massachusetts Conveniently located just three miles away from downtown Worcester, Worcester Regional Airport (ORH) is served by three major airlines—JetBlue, American Airlines, and Delta Air Lines. The airport is a critical transportation hub connecting Central Massachusetts to the world and supports the region’s economy. Formerly known as Worcester Municipal Airport, the airport began providing commercial service in 1946. Learn More Flight Status A major part of local aviation since 1941 Laurence G. Hanscom Field (BED) in Bedford, Massachusetts, is the region’s largest general aviation airport and a vital link in the transportation infrastructure of Massachusetts and New England. Hanscom's major users are a mix of corporate aviation, private pilots, flight schools, commuter/commercial air services, as well as some charters and light cargo. Learn More Continuing Boston's maritime tradition Conley Terminal in the Port of Boston is the only full-service container terminal helping to fuel the New England economy by serving over 2,500 businesses in the Northeast with direct access to 14 million consumers throughout the region. Conley Terminal’s modernization has enhanced the Port of Boston's capabilities connecting New England to over 30 ports globally, including China, Southeast Asia, the Indian Subcontinent, North Europe, the Mediterranean, the Middle East, and Latin America. Learn More Massachusetts and New England's cruiseport Each year, hundreds of thousand of travelers depart Flynn Cruiseport Boston on the South Boston Waterfront for destinations including Bermuda, Canada/New England, Iceland/Greenland, the Caribbean, and a wide variety of other repositioning itineraries. Beyond fulfilling dreams of leisurely travel, Flynn Cruiseport Boston supports 2,200 jobs, generates $135 million in business revenue, and contributes $41 million in federal, state, and local taxes, supporting local businesses small and large. Learn More Cruise Lines Community Committed to being a good neighbor Roadmap to Net Zero Forward thinking in environmental consciousness has long been a defining quality of our organization. Learn More Roadmap to Net Zero Forward thinking in environmental consciousness has long been a defining quality of our organization. Learn More Community Partner Massport strives to be a good neighbor, working directly with neighborhood residents, local organizations and elected officials. Learn More Community Partner Massport strives to be a good neighbor, working directly with neighborhood residents, local organizations and elected officials. Learn More Shaping the Waterfront Massport aims to contribute to vibrant, sustainable, and inclusive neighborhoods through thoughtful planning, architecture, programming, and public realm activation. Learn More Shaping the Waterfront Massport aims to contribute to vibrant, sustainable, and inclusive neighborhoods through thoughtful planning, architecture, programming, and public realm activation. Learn More Powering What's Possible Massport is Powering What's Possible for our local economy. Work with us. Learn More Powering What's Possible Massport is Powering What's Possible for our local economy. Work with us. Learn More Diversity and Inclusion We're dedicated to an inclusive culture of excellence One of the important missions of Massport is to serve as an economic engine for the whole of New England. A principal goal of Massport is to ensure that local, small, and disadvantaged firms share in that growth. We celebrate diversity in all areas of our business, through initiatives that develop and grow employee morale and enhance awareness of our compliance business diversity programs throughout our organization. Learn More Safety & Security Security is our highest priority Together with our partners at the Massachusetts State Police, Massport Police and Massport Fire Rescue, we strive to uphold the highest standards of safety and security in our operations and throughout our facilities. Learn More Job Opportunities Be a part of our team at Massport Learn more about the opportunities at Massport and embark on the next step in your career. See More News 02.14.24 Boston Logan Prepares for Winter Breaks Boston Logan Prepares for Winter Breaks Read More 12.22.23 Massport Continues to See Business Grow at Flynn Cruiseport in 2023, Looks Ahead to Busy 2024 Season Massport Continues to See Business Grow at Flynn Cruiseport in 2023, Looks Ahead to Busy 2024 Season Read More 12.15.23 Massport, East Boston Community Celebrate Completion of Piers Park II Massport, East Boston Community Celebrate Completion of Piers Park II Read More View All https://twitter.com/Massport https://www.facebook.com/massachusettsportauthority https://www.linkedin.com/company/massachusetts-port-authority © 1999 - 2023 Massport Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us