NextBigFuture.com – Coverage of Disruptive Science and Technology Skip to content Menu Menu About Superconductor Contact Terms Privacy Elon Says Grok AI Acid Test Would Be Finding the Extremely Unpopular But Right Answers March 5, 2024 by Brian Wang With Grok, @xAI is attempting to create an AI that reasons from first principles, which is fundamental if you care about getting as close to the truth as possible. The acid test would be reaching a conclusion that is correct even if it is extremely unpopular, which means being right even when the training data … Read more Tags llm, science, superconductor, technology, xai 4 Comments Korean Video Coverage of PCPOSOS Room Temperature Superconductor March 4, 2024 by Brian Wang Korean news agencies have coverage of the PCPOSOS room temperature superconductor. They show all of the videos and slides including ones with full levitation and flux pinning effects. I would point out that none of the research papers that claim to falsify the room temperature superconducting claims have been able to replicate partial levitation with … Read more Tags korea, room temperature superconductor, science, superconductor, technology Leave a comment Marginal Cost of SpaceX Starship Will Be Under $5 Million March 4, 2024 by Brian Wang Bellik Ozan talked to Ellie in Space about SpaceX Starship costs. Bellik makes the case that SpaceX could modify the Super Heavy Starship for the same reuse as the Falcon 9. Throw away the upper stage with three Raptor engines instead of one Merlin engine in the Falcon 9 second stage. This would enable SpaceX … Read more Tags business, future, space, spacex, technology 8 Comments Youtube Video of a PCPOSOS Room Temperature Superconductor With Full Levitation March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Brian Wang Here is a video of a PCPOSOS room temperature superconductor experiment. The video matches up with one of the slides from the APS Hyun-Tak Kim talk. Tags korea, LK99, PCPOSOS, room temperature superconductor, science, technology 4 Comments Korean Room Temperature Superconductor Talk Was As Abstract Described March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Brian Wang There are some people who expected more from the PCPOSOS room temperature superconductor talk. They strangely expected the team to bring the sample and show it live. BUT that is not what the abstract of the talk said. The abstract said they would show two videos of levitation and two videos of magnets. This is … Read more Tags korea, LK99, PCPOSOS, room temperature superconductor, science, superconductor 5 Comments Room Temperature Superconductor PCPOSOS Talk With Full Levitation Video March 4, 2024March 4, 2024 by Brian Wang This is the evidence shown at the APS meeting talk today. The team will need to get its peer reviewed paper published and the Chinese teams will need to show their patents and papers with more evidence. The original LK99 team have their sulfur variant and have shown some video evidence. A youtube video which … Read more Tags korea, LK99, PCPOSOS, science, technology, world Leave a comment Room Temperature Superconductor Team Video Evidence of Levitation and Zero Resistance Readings March 4, 2024March 3, 2024 by Brian Wang Kim Hyun-tak (lead original south korean researcher) has a confident email to a colleague. We [Original Korean Superconducting Researchers] designate March 4, 2024 as The Day of Room Temperature Superconductor (TDRTS) and researchers celebrate the day with delicious food. This is because it is the day when room-temperature superconductivity, such as magnetic levitation and zero … Read more Tags korea, LK99, PCPOSOS, room temperature superconductor, science, superconductor 7 Comments Harder To Outrun China’s New Humanoid Robot March 3, 2024March 3, 2024 by Brian Wang Unitree is a publicly traded robot company with about $5 billion in market value. They have sped up their humanoid robot to human jogging speed of 3.3 meters per second. This is about 7.5 miles per hour. It would not tire so it would take 50 minutes to cover a 10 kilometer race with enough … Read more Tags china, humanoid robot, robotics, technology, world 18 Comments Mostly Unreported – Russia is Going ALL Out Now in Ukraine March 3, 2024March 2, 2024 by Brian Wang Russia has lost 13 fighter jets in 13 days but it is because they are flying 150 bombing runs everyday. Russians are flying more bombing sorties than ever before. Russian air force launched more than 150 sorties involving Su-34s, Su-35s and Sukhoi Su-25 attack jets. That’s 10 more daily sorties than the Russian air force … Read more Tags military, russia, ukraine, War 55 Comments CDC COVID Guidelines Now Align With CDC Flu Guidance March 1, 2024 by Brian Wang New guidelines from the CDC Friday bring Covid precautions in line with with those of other respiratory viruses like the flu. Here are the new CDC guidelines for respiratory viruses including COVID, flu and cold. Tags CDC, medicine, public health, science 12 Comments Musk Sues OpenAI Conversion from Non-Profit to for Microsoft Profit March 1, 2024 by Brian Wang Elon Musk co-founded OpenAI as a non-profit AI research company and helped create its founding charter. OpenAI licensed GPT-3 and pre-AGI to Microsoft and gave Microsoft access to its critical internal weights of the AI model. OpenAI with GPT-4 has become for profit and has basically partnered with Microsoft. The Musk lawsuit is to force … Read more Tags artificial intelligence, elon musk, openai, technology 20 Comments Older posts Page1 Page2 … Page2,934 Next → CategoriesCategories Select Category Antiaging Artificial intelligence Augmented reality Blockchain Cryptocurrency Drones Ecommerce Energy Fintech Gadgets Humanoid Robot Ico Interviews Medicine Military News press release Quantum computers Robotics Science Space Sponsored Superconductor Technology Uncategorized Virtual reality World Recent Posts Elon Says Grok AI Acid Test Would Be Finding the Extremely Unpopular But Right Answers Korean Video Coverage of PCPOSOS Room Temperature Superconductor Marginal Cost of SpaceX Starship Will Be Under $5 Million Youtube Video of a PCPOSOS Room Temperature Superconductor With Full Levitation Korean Room Temperature Superconductor Talk Was As Abstract Described © 2024 Next Big Future