Advocates for Youth Press enter to search Home About Issues Resources & Tools Media Shop Take Action Donate Take Action Join the movement of young people working to protect our health and lives Action Center Take action to help ensure young people's health and rights. arrow-grid Donate now Support youth activists working for reproductive and sexual health and rights. arrow-grid Sign up Get text and email updates arrow-grid Take Action Donate Advocates for Youth logo Home About Our Legacy Our Programs Our Team Job Opportunities Campaigns Events Action Center Issues Abortion Access Confidentiality in Health Care Contraceptive Access Growth and Development HIV Honest Sex Education LGBTQ Health and Rights Racial Justice and Intersectionality Reproductive Justice Sexual Violence Supportive and Healthy Schools Transgender Young People’s Health and Rights Young People in the Global South Youth Leadership and Organizing Resources & Tools Fact Sheets Health Information Newsletters Policy and Advocacy About 3Rs Media For the Media Press Releases Statements Advocates in the News Shop Our Bodies. Our Lives. Our Movement. arrow-down Sign up for updates and support sexual equality for youth: By including your phone number, you are opting-in to receive recurring advocacy text messages from Advocates for Youth. Please see our Terms & Conditions and our Privacy Policy. Text STOP to opt-out, HELP for more info. No purchase necessary. Message & Data Rates May Apply. It's time to let young people lead. Learn more Young people understand that reproductive and sexual health and rights are inextricably tied to social justice and the fight for liberation. Join thousands of youth activists and adult allies as we build a better and more equitable world. Sriha works to #FreethePill "I believe birth control should be available over the counter to become accessible to everyone who needs it." - Sriha, #FreethePill Youth Council member Learn more arrow-grid Youth Activists Fight for LGBTQ Rights LGBTQ youth have the right to live free from bullying, to safe spaces, and to express who we are as we choose. Learn more arrow-grid Violetta works to end HIV stigma Ending discrimination against people living with HIV will protect people's health and lives. It is a moral imperative. Learn more arrow-grid Young people fight for honest sex education Young people have the right to lead healthy lives. We need sex education that is honest, complete, and accurate. Learn more arrow-grid Andrew fights for the rights of sexual violence survivors We envision a world in which all students can pursue their civil right to educations free from violence and harassment. We recognize that gender violence is both a cause of inequity and a consequence Learn more arrow-grid Young people are leading the fight for abortion access! Young people are working to ensure everyone has access to abortion care. Learn more arrow-grid Take Action Join the movement of young people working to protect our health and lives volunteer-color Get Started We'll give you the tools you need to organize in your community. Learn More donate-color Donate Now Support youth activists working for reproductive and sexual health and rights. Donate text-color Sign Up Get text and email updates Join Us Our Campaigns Contraceptive Access EC Access Network Join a national network of college students working to get young people the EC they need Learn more Act Out! A national network of young people fighting back against LGBTQ attacks Learn more Youth Abortion Support Collective (YouthASC) Too many already face barriers to abortion care, including restrictions, travel, and cost. We all need to become experts on how to get an abortion and how to connect other folks to abortion care. Learn more condoms / Contraceptive Access The Condom Collective Condom Collective members care about access to quality condoms on their campuses. Each year, they've given out 1 million+ Trojan™ Condoms on college campuses across the United States. Learn more Sexual Violence Know Your IX Know Your IX is a survivor- and youth-led project that aims to empower students to end sexual and dating violence in their schools. Learn more HIV National Youth HIV & AIDS Day National Youth HIV & AIDS Awareness Day (NYHAAD), annually on April 10th, is a day to educate the public about the impact of HIV and AIDS on young people. The day also highlights the HIV prevention, t Vector Smart Object Go to website Honest Sex Education AMAZE AMAZE takes the awkward out of sex ed. Real info in fun, animated videos that give young people all the answers they actually want to know about sex, their bodies and relationships. Vector Smart Object Go to website LGBTQ Health and Rights / Racial Justice and Intersectionality My Story Out Loud #MyStoryOUTLoud is a digital storytelling campaign dedicated to uplifting the narratives of LGBTQ+ youth of color across the nation by capturing OUR stories, our experiences, our truths. Vector Smart Object Go to website Featured Youth Activists Beau fights to #FreeThePill "The reality is that inequalities have always existed and remain in our healthcare system, affecting our ability to access essential care like birth control. - Featured Resources resources For Professionals / Curricula & Education Get Your Life A seven-session group-based HIV prevention facilitation guide designed for Black and Latino young men who have sex (YMSM) with men ages 14-19 years old. Learn more resources Rights, Respect, Responsibility: A K-12 Sex Education Curriculum Rights, Respect, Responsibility fully meets the National Sexuality Education Standards. The curriculum seeks to address both the functional knowledge related to sexuality and the specific skills necessary to adopt healthy behaviors. Learn more resources For Activists / Policy & Advocacy Young Parents’ Advocacy Toolkit This guide is designed for you, the young parent who wants to organize in your community for change. It contains tips and tools gathered from other young parents across the U.S. who are working on issues that matter to them. Learn more resources For Activists / Curricula & Education Youth Activist Toolkit The new Youth Activist Toolkit was developed with youth writers and activists to be a detailed guide to help young people develop a plan, organize a coalition, and define and implement strategies to achieve measurable social impact goals. Learn more resources Future of Sex Education: National Sex Education Standards (Second Edition) Learn more The Latest news Advocates for Youth Welcomes the Arrival of Opill to the Market Media, Statement / March 04, 2024 news Mourning the Killing of Nex Benedict and Calling for Change in Oklahoma and Across the Country Media, Statement / February 28, 2024 About Our Legacy Our Programs Our Team Job Opportunities Campaigns Issues Abortion Access Confidentiality in Health Care Contraceptive Access Growth and Development HIV Honest Sex Education More… Resources & Tools Curricula and Education Fact Sheets Health Information Newsletters Policy and Advocacy Media Center Press Releases Statement Advocates in the News Shop © 2024 Advocates for Youth EIN 52-1173590 Phone: 202-419-3420 | Fax: 202-419-1448 Site by Wide Eye Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use 3rs logo