Travel Beyond Words | Visit Idaho Skip to content ☰ Things To Do State Parks Hot Springs Scenic Byways Museums & Culture Accessible Activities All Things To Do Travel Tips Outdoors Family Fun Seasonal Arts & Culture Ranger Talks All Travel Tips Eat & Drink Culinary Breweries Cideries Distilleries Wineries Idaho Wine Flies Free Farmers Markets All Eat & Drink Plan Your Trip Travel Assistant Travel with Care Regional Map Places to Stay Educational Activities Maps & Guides Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Pinterest Soak up the moments that leave you speechless. Idaho. Beyond Words. Adventure Is Blooming Beyond Ordinary Conquer epic whitewater. Saddle up for a horseback ride. Sip and swirl award-winning wines. Celebrate summer your way in Idaho. Things to Do in Idaho Explore Like a Local These inspirational stories, activity-packed itineraries and handy how-to guides are the key to making your trip unforgettable. Get Your Vacation Inspiration The Road Ahead Let us handle the details so you can spend more time basking in the sun. Browse these free maps, guides and resources to make planning a summer breeze. Maps and Guides Ride the Summer Wave & Stay Awhile In Idaho, taking the road less traveled often leads to some of the most surprising discoveries … Begin your journey in one of these well-known cities, and extend your trip with a visit to neighboring destinations just a short drive away. Select a city below to get started. Idaho Falls & Beyond An Eastern Idaho Adventure Twin Falls & Beyond A South Central Idaho Adventure Coeur d’Alene & Beyond A Northern Idaho Adventure Boise & Beyond A Southwest Idaho Adventure Get Your Guide to Spring Spring into action and let your season blossom with the Spring Passport, exclusive for newsletter subscribers. Discover hiking hot spots, where to see wildflowers and waterfalls, the best places to grab a beer and more. Download the Passport Find Accessible Adventures Idaho’s outdoor spaces are meant to be shared and enjoyed by all. Plan your nature escape with the help of resources, stories and recommendations from locals and visitors within the disabled community. Learn More Elevate Your Adventure Whether you’re new to the Gem State or are back for more, these tips will help inspire your Idaho explorations. Get Inspired Ranger Talks: Round Lake State Park Read More Experience These Off the Beaten Path Spots in Idaho Read More A Foodie’s Guide to Idaho’s James Beard Semifinalists Read More Elevate Your Eastern Idaho Experience at Kelly Canyon Read More Ranger Talks: Castle Rocks State Park Read More More Travel Tips Explore Now Run the Numbers It’s hard to predict which moments will be the ones you remember for years to come. But judging by the number of things to do when you visit Idaho, your odds look pretty good. 30 state parks & recreational trails 25K+ miles of hiking & backpacking trails 65+ wineries 100+ breweries 3100 miles of navigable whitewater 130+ soakable hot springs 7 Regions, 90+ Days of Summer Towering sand dunes, pristine beaches and mesmerizing waterfalls are just the tip of the snowcone when it comes to exploring Idaho’s seven regions. Choose an area and dive into the many local offerings. Are You Ready? Bright Smiles & Endless Miles Summer just isn’t complete without a road trip or two! Load up the car, queue up the playlist and see natural wonders, history and more unfold on Idaho’s scenic byways. Wanderlust on Wheels Peaks to Craters Scenic Byway Pioneer Historic Byway Western Heritage Historic Byway Main Oregon Trail Backcountry Byway Connect With Culture From captivating historical sites to vibrant events, uncover the threads of diverse cultures that are woven into the Gem State. Embark on a Journey Sun’s Out, Safety’s In Before you kick off your summer escapades, check out these sizzling safety tips to experience Idaho to its fullest. Travel With Care Get the Summer Scoop Take a peek at these short videos to see what other Idaho explorers are up to, and tag your experiences with #VisitIdaho. Stay Connected Sign up for the Visit Idaho Newsletter for year-round Idaho adventures. Sign Up Media Gallery International Newsroom About Idaho Contact Us Accessibility Information Terms & Privacy Cybersecurity Sitemap Idaho Department of Commerce - Tourism Development Brad Little, Governor Tourism Inquiries: 1.800.VISITID Order and Download the Official Idaho Travel Guide Vacation is more than just scenery; it's about making lifelong memories. Start planning your Idaho adventure. Order and Download Travel Guide