Nova Southeastern University | NSU Florida - Private University Skip Navigation Quick Links Canvas Sharklink Abraham S. Fischler College of Education and School of Criminal Justice Barry and Judy Silverman College of Pharmacy College of Computing and Engineering College of Dental Medicine College of Optometry College of Psychology Dr. Kiran C. Patel College of Allopathic Medicine Dr. Kiran C. Patel College of Osteopathic Medicine Dr. Pallavi Patel College of Health Care Sciences Farquhar Honors College H. Wayne Huizenga College of Business and Entrepreneurship Halmos College of Arts and Sciences Ron and Kathy Assaf College of Nursing Shepard Broad College of Law Undergraduate Admissions University School Request Info Apply Now Give Search Menu What are you looking for? Close What are you looking for? Close Request Info Apply Now Give Academics Colleges, Schools, and Centers Degrees & Programs Continuing Education Certificates NSU University School Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional Admissions Degrees & Programs Financial Aid International Affairs Veterans Army ROTC Visit Campus Student Life Shark Athletics Living on Campus Clubs and Organizations Performing and Visual Arts Recreation and Wellness Career Development South Florida Living Research Areas of Research Division of Research and Economic Development Libraries Center for Collaborative Research NSU Cell Therapy Institute Core Services & Equipment HPD Research Undergraduate Research Community Community Outreach Health Care Centers Libraries NSU Art Museum Don Taft University Center Lifelong Learning Institute Alumni Miniaci Performing Arts Center About NSU President Hanbury Vision, Mission, and Core Values NSU History Diversity and Inclusion Campuses and Directions Resources Accreditation NSU Fast Facts Newsroom Board of Trustees Contact Us Skip Navigation Quick Links Canvas Sharklink Abraham S. Fischler College of Education and School of Criminal Justice Barry and Judy Silverman College of Pharmacy College of Computing and Engineering College of Dental Medicine College of Optometry College of Psychology Dr. Kiran C. Patel College of Allopathic Medicine Dr. Kiran C. Patel College of Osteopathic Medicine Dr. Pallavi Patel College of Health Care Sciences Farquhar Honors College H. Wayne Huizenga College of Business and Entrepreneurship Halmos College of Arts and Sciences Ron and Kathy Assaf College of Nursing Shepard Broad College of Law Undergraduate Admissions University School HISTORY MADE! Men's & Women's Basketball SSC Regular Season Champs On to the SSC Tournament March 5 at Rick Case Arena THE PATH TO YOUR FUTURE STARTS HERE Connect. Explore. Transform. Apply Now Previous Next Degrees & Programs Select a degree type All Bachelor's Master's Doctoral Search Explore All Degrees & Programs Dive Right In Drive your future forward with a degree that unites your passions and your goals. Undergraduate Undergraduate Enter NSU looking to take on the world. Emerge prepared to dominate your career and your future. View Our Undergraduate Programs Back Undergraduate Graduate Graduate Immersive, career-oriented studies to give you an edge in the most competitive fields. Find your fit. About NSU's Graduate Degrees Back Graduate Professional Professional Dominate your field with a degree designed for professionals, by professionals. Discover Opportunities Back Professional 150+ Degree Programs #65 Most Diverse Colleges in America Florida's Largest Private Research University $220 Million in Scholarships Offered NSU At a Glance Latest NSU News More NSU News Alumni Be a Shark for life. Connect with our worldwide alumni network. Benefits & Services Networking, programs and discounts for lifelong Sharks. View Alumni Benefits Events Here’s your chance to swim with your fellow Sharks. Browse Events Giving Your gift helps a new generation get the NSU Edge. Pledge Featured Research Researchers at NSU’s Halmos College of Arts and Sciences and Guy Harvey Oceanographic Research Center lead a program called DEEPEND which has helped to create an internationally recognized plan to protect the biodiversity of United States waters. Directed by Tracey Sutton, Ph.D., NSU professor and director of the DEEPEND Research Consortium, their findings help to explore the vital connections between marine habitats. Learn More About Biodiversity Get Social With Shark Nation A Gift to NSU Is a Gift of Preeminence Preeminence is a powerful promise—a commitment to make the world we inherit better. NSU’s Campaign to Preeminence focuses on several areas of impact that demonstrate the university’s pledge to do just that, allowing us to aim higher and make even greater contributions to today’s most urgent needs. As NSU moves forward, its resolve to continuously elevate South Florida and beyond remains without peer. Join Us in Making Yours a Healthier World Visit Our Campus. We offer world-class educational experiences in a world-class vacation destination. Request a Tour Launch Virtual Tour Quick Links Athletics Faculty and Staff Resources President Hanbury Canvas Financial Aid Request Info Bookstore NSU Health Centers Apply Now Scholarships Human Resources SharkLink Title IX Resources International Affairs Undergraduate Advising Career Development Libraries at NSU University School Current Students Map of Campus Veterans Resources Center Employment Newsroom Visit NSU EASE Grant Performance Measures Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Nova Southeastern University 3300 S. University Drive, Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33328-2004 Phone: 800-541-6682 Contact Us | Using Our Site Privacy Policy | GDPR Privacy Notice ADA Policy