InfoWorld - Technology insight for the enterprise Close Ad infoworld UNITED STATES United States United Kingdom More from the Foundry Network About Us | Contact | Republication Permissions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Copyright Notice | Terms of Service | European Privacy Settings | Member Preferences | Advertising | Foundry Careers | Ad Choices | E-commerce Links | California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info | Follow Us × Close 10 ways science fiction got high tech wrong By Peter Wayner Why SQL still rules The open source problem By Matt Asay Advertisement Don't Miss: Get the latest insights into generative AI by reading InfoWorld’s Generative AI Insights blog MORE TOP STORIES GitHub rolls out push protection on public repos Stack Overflow opens API to Google’s Gemini Why passkeys will replace passwords Popular neural network styles and how they work Why we need both cloud engineers and cloud architects Let’s clear up the confusion around the semantics of these critical roles. They offer a combo of strategic vision and on-the-ground development skills. David Linthicum | How to manage generative AI From managing data to scaling systems to funding initiatives for the long haul, every part of your generative journey will be a challenge. Dom Couldwell | Developers don’t need performance reviews Why do we spend so much time on a process nobody wants? If you’re doing it right, the performance review process should be unnecessary. Nick Hodges | Advertisement The open source problem Software freedom. User freedom. Why do we have to choose? Licensing hasn’t kept pace with the reality of software in the cloud and AI. Matt Asay | Why SQL still rules So many programming languages have come and gone, but SQL remains. And it has a bright future still. Charly Batista | Get the best of InfoWorld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our free newsletters. Subscribe now 10 ways science fiction got high tech wrong Or did it? From flying cars to the Singularity, here's how some of the most popular visions of the high-tech future are panning out today. Peter Wayner | JetBrains Compose Multiplatform debuts UI testing API Upgrade to the declarative UI framework also improves the API for sharing and accessing resources in common Kotlin code. Paul Krill | Biden executive order protects personal data Order authorizes prevention of large-scale data transfers to countries of concern including China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Paul Krill | Elon Musk sues OpenAI alleging breach of founding agreement The lawsuit could hold far reaching implications for Microsoft’s use of GPT-4 and other upcoming models in its products. Anirban Ghoshal | Couchbase Server and Capella to gain vector support Couchbase is working to provide vector similarity search and retrieval-augmented generation capabilities in its database offerings before May. Anirban Ghoshal | Advertisement GitHub rolls out push protection on public repos With push protection, GitHub’s secret scanning blocks users from pushing secrets to a repository, while giving them the option to bypass the block. Paul Krill | Questioning cloud’s environmental impact Cloud can be a green technology, but not without significant planning and up-front work that most enterprises are reluctant to fund. David Linthicum | What is JavaScript? The full-stack programming language JavaScript is the most in-demand programming language for developer jobs and one of the most versatile languages for full-stack development. Here's what you need to know about JavaScript. Josh Fruhlinger | Stack Overflow opens API to Google’s Gemini Overflow API will allow the generative AI model to mine the Stack Overflow knowledge base when providing coding assistance to developers in Google Cloud. Anirban Ghoshal | OpenJDK proposal would streamline Java records creation Derived records creation would allow Java developers to create new records from existing records and eliminate the need for explicit wither methods. Paul Krill | From Our Advertisers Featured Sponsor Intel Competitive Advantage with a Modern Data Center that Delivers Boundless Agility Sponsored by MongoDB Retrieval augmented generation (RAG): The open-book test for generative AI InfoWorld Follow us About Us Contact Republication Permissions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Notice Terms of Service European Privacy Settings Member Preferences Advertising Foundry Careers Ad Choices E-commerce Links California: Do Not Sell My Personal Info Copyright © 2024 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the Foundry Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Online InfoWorld Network World