Vector Icons and Stickers - PNG, SVG, EPS, PSD and CSS Authors Icons Stickers Interface icons Animated icons More Other products Freepik Free vectors, photos and PSD Wepik Online design tool Slidesgo Free templates for presentations Storyset Free editable illustrations Videvo Free videos and motion graphics Tools API API 14.4M+ icons to enhance your website, app, or project Google Workspace Icons for Slides & Docs 14.4+ millions of free customizable icons for your Slides, Docs and Sheets English Español English Deutsch Português Français 한국어 Pусский Pricing Sign up Log in Notifications No notifications to show yet You’ll see useful information here soon. Stay tuned! Log in Sign up Icons Icons Stickers Animated icons Interface icons All icons Style Pack Collections 0 You haven’t created any collections yet All collections displayed here What can I do with my collections? Add icons Click on any icon you’d like to add to the collection. Organize Organize your collections by projects, add, remove, edit, and rename icons. Edit Use the "Paint collection" feature and change the color of the whole collection or do it icon by icon. Download Icon font or SVG Download your collections in the code format compatible with all browsers, and use icons on your website. Share and Save Save a backup copy of your collections or share them with others with just one click! More info about Collections Collections Expand Collapse Show collections You have reached your collections limit. Upgrade to get unlimited collections Upgrade Register and create new collections Register for free Are you sure you want to delete this collection? Yes, delete it No, go back 01 / 02 We’re sorry you canceled your Premium subscription You can still enjoy Flaticon Collections with the following limits: You can choose only 3 collections to keep You can only add up to 100 icons per collection You can’t add Premium icons to your collection The advantages of your collections have changed You can choose only 3 collections to keep You can only add up to 100 icons per collection You can’t add Premium icons to your collection Keep making the most of your icons and collections Get 20% OFF our Annual Premium Plan Apply Discount Next Back 01 / 02 Select 3 collections to continue: You have 8 collections, but can only unlock 3 of them Stay Premium Save and continue Report download Please indicate what problem has been found. Thanks! Other The download is not working The format of some files is incorrect The download is taking too long Send Base 64 encoded image Copy the base64 encoded data and insert it in your HTML or CSS document. Need help? Maybe this link can help you HTML image Copy Copied! CSS background Copy Copied! Using it for the web? Copy this link in your website: Copy Copied! How to attribute for other media? Don’t you want to attribute the author? Going Premium is easy and it also allows you to use more than 14,391,500 icons without attribution. Find out more information here Exit editor Exit Save to collection Download PNG 16px 24px 32px 64px 128px 256px 512px SVG EPS CSS Colors Display Shapes Stroke Select a color from the icon Choose a new color Custom palette Remove color Remove palette You have exceeded the number of color samples for this palette Save Cancel History Scale Move Move left Move right Move up Move down Rotate Rotate 90º right Rotate 90º left Flip Flip horizontal Flip vertical Select a shape None Circle Rounded square Square Size Color Stroke width px You can only save 3 new edited icons per collection as a free user. Upgrade to save unlimited icons. Your collection is locked. You can upgrade your account to get an unlimited collection. You have reached the icons limit per collection (256 icons) × This feature is only available for registered users. Login or register. × This icon has a gradient color and cannot be edited. Undo Redo Reset Access 14.4M+ vector icons & stickers Download Free Icons and Stickers for your projects. Images made by and for designers in PNG, SVG, EPS, PSD and CSS formats. Icons Icons Stickers Animated icons Interface icons All icons Style Pack Top searches: Education Technology User People Business Food Icons The largest database of free icons for any project. Interface Icons Icons specially designed for your interfaces. Animated Icons Motion icons for creating stunning projects Stickers Stickers for websites, apps or any place you need The most wanted free SVG user interface icons 24,800+ free, UI icons in 9 different styles. All fully editable and customizable for you to make them truly yours All free SVG icons Brands 200 icons Bold 6,500 icons Regular 6,400 icons Solid 6,500 icons Thin 5,800 icons All free SVG icons Top icons View all Spring 30 icons Big Data 50 icons Linear Buildings 50 icons Pool 50 icons Top stickers View all Olympics 20 stickers Shower 20 stickers Golf 20 stickers Olympics 20 stickers Icon Fonts for any project, big or small +24,800 SVG and font files based on vector icons optimized for web, iOS, and Android applications. See more Tools that help make your work more professional Free accessories that allow you to organize, create and save time on your designs Collections Create multiple collections to have your icons organized and download them in whatever format you want. See more Editor Edit the color of your icons, change the size and download them in SVG, PNG and EPS. See more Google Workspace Use the icons in Google Docs and Slides easily, quickly, and free of charge. See more Create multiple collections to have your icons organized and download them in whatever format you want. See more Edit the color of your icons, change the size and download them in SVG, PNG and EPS. See more Use the icons in Google Docs and Slides easily, quickly, and free of charge. See more Create spectacular images for your Instagram stories, Facebook headers, presentations, blog or website. See more What’s New in Flaticon See the latest website updates, new features, and tools, and get the most out of your Flaticon experience. Browse all New Figma plugin with SVG format is here Simplify your UI experience Sort by style and find matching icons fast Add icons to Figma faster The new Figma plugin is here, bringing millions of vector icons right to your canvas. Try the plugin Sell your icons Go Premium Content Authors Icons Stickers Interface icons Animated icons Icon tags Stickers tags Tools API Google Workspace Help Support FAQs Icon styles Icons editor Flaticon collections Follow Merchandising License Company About Contact us Our license Blog Pricing What’s new Social media Get exclusive images straight in your inbox Sign up Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Copyright notification Cookie Settings Copyright © 2010-2024 Freepik Company S.L. All rights reserved. English Español English Deutsch Português Français 한국어 Pусский Freepik Company projects Freepik Flaticon Slidesgo Wepik Videvo Collection: Pack: Premium download Over 14,391,500 icons for 8.25 USD/month No attribution required 14.4M icons & stickers in SVG, EPS, PSD & BASE64 Unlimited downloads Browse ad-free More info Free download You must attribute the author Using it for the web? Copy this link in your website: Copy Copied! How to attribute for other media? How to attribute? How likely are you to recommend Flaticon to a friend? 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Not you? Very likely No, thanks Send * Write us a comment How about giving us a rating on Trustpilot If you can spare a few minutes to leave us a review, we’d be super grateful 😃 Please visit: Trustpilot No, thanks Thank you so much! We truly value your comments.