Retirement Income, Planning, Investing, and Advice | TIAA Skip to main content Skip to login Back to my account Get help Get in touch Contact us Find TIAA near you Partner with a financial professional Schedule consultations & seminars Online help Search FAQs Search forms & manage transactions Visit the security center Getting started Enroll in an employer's plan Open an account Need online access? Our sites Plan sponsors Consultants Advisors TIAA Institute TIAA Kaspick (planned giving) Nuveen PlanFocus® Business EdgeSM Logout My Account Retire Our products Retirement plans Retirement annuities Guaranteed lifetime income Variable lifetime income IRAs Rollover Personal annuities Target date funds See all retirement products Resources Partner with a financial professional Retirement planning basics Personal annuities performance Preparing for retirement Living in retirement Trust and estate planning Search forms & manage transactions See retirement services Tools Retirement income tools Retirement advisor Early withdrawal calculator See all tools Invest Our Products Retirement annuities IRAs Mutual funds Responsible investing Brokerage accounts Managed accounts 529 education savings Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) See all investment products Resources Partner with a financial professional Investing 101 Daily performance watchlist Investment performance Life insurance performance Market insights Tools See all tools Learn Financial Education Personal finance 101 Retirement & beyond Life milestones Preparing for the unexpected See all financial education Resources Tools & calculators Forms & transactions Webinars Changing jobs About TIAA About Our story Inclusion, diversity and equity How we invest Our leadership team Get in Touch Contact us Find TIAA near you Partner with a financial professional Schedule consultations & seminars Enroll Open an IRA My Account Login Login Remember user ID Log in Forgot user ID Forgot password Need online access? My Account Retire Invest Learn About TIAA Enroll Open an IRA My Account Login Back to my account Logout Our sites Get help Back to main menu Back to main menu Our products Retirement plans Retirement annuities Guaranteed lifetime income Variable lifetime income IRAs Rollover Personal annuities Target date funds See all retirement products Resources Partner with a financial professional Retirement planning basics Personal annuities performance Preparing for retirement Living in retirement Trust and estate planning Search forms & manage transactions See retirement services Tools Retirement income tools Retirement advisor Early withdrawal calculator See all tools Back to main menu Our Products Retirement annuities IRAs Mutual funds Responsible investing Brokerage accounts Managed accounts 529 education savings Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) See all investment products Resources Partner with a financial professional Investing 101 Daily performance watchlist Investment performance Life insurance performance Market insights Tools See all tools Back to main menu Financial Education Personal finance 101 Retirement & beyond Life milestones Preparing for the unexpected See all financial education Resources Tools & calculators Forms & transactions Webinars Changing jobs Back to main menu About Our story Inclusion, diversity and equity How we invest Our leadership team Get in Touch Contact us Find TIAA near you Partner with a financial professional Schedule consultations & seminars Back to main menu Plan sponsors Consultants Advisors TIAA Institute TIAA Kaspick (planned giving) Nuveen PlanFocus® Business EdgeSM Back to main menu Get in touch Contact us Find TIAA near you Partner with a financial professional Schedule consultations & seminars Online help Search FAQs Search forms & manage transactions Visit the security center Getting started Enroll in an employer's plan Open an account Need online access? Back to main menu Log in Remember user ID Log in Forgot user ID Forgot password Need online access? Let's build a future you can count on You can still get a paycheck1 after you stop working—with a retirement paycheck from TIAA. Get the assurance that you'll have money coming in as long as you live … guaranteed. Get your paycheck IRA season is here Lower your taxable income for the 2023 tax year by making a contribution to your IRA. Find an IRA Make a contribution Enroll in your plan Learn about your plan, set up your account online and start saving for retirement right now. Search for your employer Our vision Since 1918, we’ve championed a singular belief: A secure retirement should be available to everyone. Today, we’re fighting harder than ever to ensure all people can live a better life beyond work. Take action Explore ways to get started Learn about saving strategies Our resources help you make sense of retirement’s many moving parts, so you can find clarity and build confidence. Explore insights and start crafting your saving and retirement strategy. Explore retirement resources Prepare for the unexpected Estimate the potential impact of health care costs on your retirement. Discover estimated costs Get advice from our team Our team is here to help and provide guidance at every step of your journey. Connect with an advisor Create your account No matter where you are in life, we have retirement options for you. We’ll help you find the right plan and stay on track. Create an account Why TIAA Count on us for a more secure retirement Guaranteed growth and income With the TIAA Traditional annuity, your money grows—no matter what. When you retire, you can convert those savings into a guaranteed monthly retirement paycheck. Learn about TIAA Traditional Professional support Whether you need a little help or a lot—in person, on the phone, or online—we’re here to help you achieve your goals before and throughout retirement. Get in touch Responsible investing Our legacy of responsible investing spans half a century. We continue to build out our environmental, social and governance principles, practices and impacts across our $1.2 trillion in assets under management (AUM). Our approach Performance To earn your trust, we focus on delivering results Our funds are backed by our storied history of investing and money management expertise. Assets under management $1.2T We are one of the largest investment managers with $1.2 trillion in assets under management.2 Profits shared with you $3B In just the last three years, TIAA has shared $3 billion annually with more than 2 million fixed annuity customers. Because when we perform well, our customers do better.3 Customers worldwide 4.7M Nearly 5 million individual customers across America are building their retirements with TIAA.4 Combined years of experience 125 Through the power of TIAA and Nuveen, our team delivers more than a century of experience managing assets designed for income—uniquely equipping us to realize financially secure retirements. Our latest thinking Financial education How to invest as you near retirement. Whether you are 10, five or only one year away, get practical tips and strategies to help you prepare and plan for a comfortable and secure retirement. 4 min read Investing insights You're probably going to live longer than you think. Here's why that matters. Most people don’t know how far out their retirement income strategy should last. Find out why longevity literacy is a key factor in determining how much you can spend in retirement. 4 min read Investing insights The death of 60/40? Not so fast. Learn more on why the rumors of the death of the enduring 60% stocks and 40% bond portfolio mix as a solid retirement savings strategy have been greatly exaggerated. 7 min read Market commentary TIAA Wealth CIO Perspective: The New World Disorder. Discover what the recent geopolitical upheaval may mean for the global economy. 10 min read 1. Paycheck refers to the annuity income received in retirement. Guarantees are subject to TIAA's claims-paying ability. 2. TIAA and Nuveen assets under management as of 3/31/2023 are $1,240B or $1.2T. 3. TIAA may share profits with TIAA Traditional annuity owners through declared additional amounts of interest during accumulation, higher initial annuity income, and through further increases in annuity income benefits during retirement. These additional amounts are not guaranteed beyond the period for which they were declared. TIAA Annual Statement (2013 -2022), Page 4, Line 30. 4. As of June 30, 2023 H-3339270P-Y0224W We're here to help Contact us Co-browse Find a local office Submit Connect with us For individual customers TIAA.org TIAA Trust EWM Global Enroll in an employer's plan For employers Plan sponsors 3rd-party administrators TIAA Institute For institutional investors Asset management Planned giving For financial advisors TIAA Investments Nuveen Retirement advisors Institutional consultants Regulation best interest Form CRS Learn more FINRA BrokerCheck Check the background of this firm on FINRA's BrokerCheck FINRA Manual and other related FINRA information About TIAA News & press Careers Awards & recognition Our leadership team Governance & leadership Corporate social responsibility​ Diversity & inclusion Business continuity Site map Security Accessibility Terms & conditions Prospectus Privacy Do not sell/share my personal information Confidentiality for victims of domestic violence Investment, insurance and annuity products are not FDIC insured, are not bank guaranteed, are not deposits, are not insured by any federal government agency, are not a condition to any banking service or activity, and may lose value. Consumer and commercial deposit and lending products and services are provided by EverBank, N.A., a Member FDIC and Equal Housing Lender. While EverBank, N.A. is not an affiliate of TIAA, EverBank, N.A. will be doing business as and operating under the TIAA Bank brand name and TIAA will continue to provide certain services to EverBank, N.A., including those related to online and mobile banking. The TIAA group of companies does not provide legal or tax advice. Please consult your tax or legal advisor to address your specific circumstances. TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Member FINRA and SIPC, distributes securities products. SIPC only protects customers' securities and cash held in brokerage accounts. Annuity contracts and certificates are issued by Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA) and College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF), New York, NY. Each is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations. TIAA Brokerage, a division of TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Member FINRA and SIPC, distributes securities. Brokerage accounts are carried by Pershing, LLC, a subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, Member FINRA, NYSE, SIPC. Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America is domiciled in New York, NY, with its principal place of business in New York, NY. Its California Certificate of Authority number is 3092. TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company is domiciled in New York, NY, with its principal place of business in New York, NY. Its California Certificate of Authority number is 6992. Read the TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Statement of Financial Condition. © automatically this year and prior years, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities Fund, New York, NY 10017.