James Madison University - JMU <iframe height="0" src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5CFRKN" style="display:none;visibility:hidden" width="0"></iframe> Skip to Main Content Info For Parents Alumni Students Faculty/Staff Community Giving News Events Calendars CAMPUS HEALTH Search all of www.jmu.edu only Admissions About JMU Facts and Figures Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Non-traditional Admissions Pay Deposit Academics Undergraduate Majors Graduate Programs Research Honors College Study Abroad Professional & Continuing Online Programs Libraries Career Planning Student Life Overview Living on Campus Clubs & Organizations Spirit & Traditions About Harrisonburg Visit Visit JMU About Harrisonburg Campus Map Tuition & Financial Aid Costs Pay Your Deposit Office of Financial Aid Freshman Scholarships Athletics JMU Sports Recreation ▼ Keep Scrolling for more March 5, 2024 About JMU ► Get Info Apply Visit JMU Explore our majors to find your passion. We have 70+ majors and 130+ programs for you. The options give you room to grow, achieve and succeed. We can’t wait to see where you land. Explore Programs Featured Stories Education major says JMU professors put students first CHOICES open house paved the way for Tidwell's remarkable JMU ride News Events Arts Sports Mar 1 PA Program graduates pass board certification exam with 94% pass rate The PA Program’s class of 2023 passed the PANCE at a 94% pass rate. Feb 29 A choice for the better Transfer students experience a unique academic journey. One student is sharing his. Feb 29 College of Education expert extols importance of reading Literacy skills form the foundation of all learning, a JMU education professor says as Read Across America Day approaches on Saturday. Feb 28 Human Performance Lab generates high-quality research, student-professor collaborations Kinesiology’s Human Performance Lab fosters student and faculty collaboration in conducting and publishing exercise and health-related research. Feb 27 Fresh faces on the front lines of tax compliance Program is yet another example of JMU’s emphasis on gaining real-world experience. More Articles [Element: ] Mar 5: JMU Symphony Orchestra Mar 7: Call of the Wild: Illustrated Edition Mar 19: JMU Concert Band Mar 21: Bridging Our Divides: Pluralism, Religion, and the Challenges of Polarization in American Democracy Mar 21: A Reading & Conversation with Shane McCrae, Author of Pulling the Chariot of the Sun: A Memoir of a Kidnapping Mar 22: Latino/a/x/e Citizenship and Labor Rights Keynote Event Mar 22: Kitka More Events Feb 27 Nominations now open for the 2024 Circle of Excellence in the Arts Awards Arts awards recognizing people and organizations in the Shenandoah Valley that enhance and strengthen the cultural community More Articles > Dec 5 Hanbok Saenghwal: Korean Fashion Then and Now The Madison Art Collection's first exhibition of Korean art and the first international exhibition hosted in the Lisanby Museum. More Articles > Oct 30 The Forbes Center Hosts Holiday Food Drive Join us in the fight against hunger by dropping off non-perishable food and other items needed Nov. 6 - Dec. 15 More Articles > Oct 17 STAD welcomes Ruben Carrazana as guest director of "Anon(ymous)" A look into what it's like directing the upcoming show "Anon(ymous)" beginning Nov. 7 More Articles > Oct 10 Madison Art Collection unveils exclusive works of art The Madison Art Collection showcases recent researched works of art for the very first time More Articles > More Articles Men's Basketball: Edwards Jr. and Bickerstaff Garner Sun Belt Major Awards, Three Dukes Named All-Sun Belt Mon, 4 Mar 2024 3:00 p.m. James Madison guard Terrence Edwards Jr. has been voted the 2023-24 Sun Belt Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year, while forward T.J. Bickerstaff has been selected Women's Basketball: McDaniel, Kozlova Earn Second Team All-Sun Belt Honors Mon, 4 Mar 2024 2:00 p.m. James Madison women's basketball's Peyton McDaniel and Kseniia Kozlova were both voted Second Team All-Sun Belt Conference, as the conference announced its 2024 annual Lacrosse: Lacrosse Ranked No. 2 in the ILWomen/IWLCA Poll, Received Nine First-Place Votes JMU lacrosse is ranked No. 2 in the nation in the ILWomen/IWLCA Poll and is receiving nine first-place votes. Swimming & Diving: Dukes Close Out Weekend at ECAC Championships Sun, 3 Mar 2024 7:53 p.m. James Madison swimming & diving closed out its weekend stay at Lejeune Hall on the campus of the United States Naval Academy on Sunday for the Eastern College Athletic Baseball: Dukes Sweep Cornell for Best Home Start in Over 20 Years Sun, 3 Mar 2024 4:47 p.m. James Maison baseball swept Cornell by defeating the Big Red, 7-5, on Sunday afternoon at Veterans Memorial Park to move to 7-0 at home for the first time since the 2003 season. Dukes have a culture of giving back. Give to JMU ► JMU on Instagram Powered by Curator.io Back to Top James Madison University Wilson Hall 951 Madison Drive Harrisonburg, Virginia 22807 Email Us (540) 568-6211 A-Z Index Directory Privacy Accessibility Jobs Social Media Maps Community Primary Related Information About JMU Admissions Campus Map 800 South Main Street Harrisonburg, VA 22807 Contact Us FOIA CARES Act Title IX Policies Student Consumer Information Annual Security and Fire Safety Report © 2024 JAMES MADISON UNIVERSITY