The Dinner Party Download The Dinner Party Download Menu Episodes Podcast Contact 400: The Last Supper – LIVE in Seattle! How to Behave: Celebrity Edition How to Behave: Comedy Edition How to Behave: Food Edition Introducing Safe For Work Rico and Brendan aren't exactly back, but they're here to tell you about their new projects! Brendan has been producing The Paris Review and Rico has a new podcast called "Safe For Work." Rico and Liz Dolan ("Satellite Sisters") will help you make the big decisions, sort through the small stuff, and get more fulfillment from your work life. Here's a preview. How to Behave: Celebrity Edition Alas, this is our last audio treat for you (for now). In the final installment of the "How to Behave" series, you'll hear some of the best of our favorite etiquette segments with celebrities. Master thespian Sir Ian McKellen offers a tip on how to deal with people who mispronounce your name (never correct the Queen), Cameron Diaz gives us impeccable advice for the long haul, and the one and only RuPaul gives some "godly" etiquette guidance. Be sure to keep up with Brendan and Rico at BrunchIsHell.com Cheers! How to Behave: Comedy Edition We've got another audio treat for you! Think of these as a companion to Brendan and Rico's book, "Brunch is Hell." In the second installment of the "How to Behave" series, you'll hear some of the best of our favorite etiquette segments with comedians. Our guests include "Portlandia" stars Carrie Brownstein and Fred Armisen, Maria Bamford of "Lady Dynamite," and "Difficult People" star Billy Eichner. Cheers! How to Behave: Food Edition Surprise! You might've thought we posted our last DPD episode, but we've got a few more audio goodies over the next couple of weeks, starting with this inaugural episode of what we're calling our "How to Behave" series. Think of it as a companion to Brendan and Rico's book, "Brunch is Hell." These episodes will take the best bits of our favorite etiquette segments. Today's theme is food, and our guests are celebrity chefs Alton Brown, Samin Nosrat, and Bobby Flay. Bon appétit! More Episodes >> DAILY SPECIALS A Final Note from Brendan and Rico Greetings, Downloadians, As you likely know, back in December we aired our last all-new episode. But hopefully it’s lightened the blow a bit to hear The Dinner Party Download continue on, in rerun form, on many of your favorite public radio stations. And we’ve also been uploading a few special podcast-only episodes, featuring our favorite […] 371: Ava DuVernay, Steve Jones, Pancake Cheesesteak Ava DuVernay unpacks the issues at play in her searing documentary, "13th," then reveals the cheeseball '80s movie that's her true fave... Legendary Sex Pistol Steve Jones tells you when it's OK to steal from your opening act... Indie band Whitney gives a retro playlist that'll raise the roof... Comedian Baron Vaughn meets a turn-of-phrase... And Brendan finds out what you get when you cross a cheesesteak with a pancake (hint: not cheesecake!). Plus, the history of FM radio, hip(pie) humor, and a drug that'll give dentists a run for their money. Whitney DJs Your Next Retro Rooftop Party Julien Ehrlich and Max Kakacek are the masterminds behind the band Whitney. The band blends '60s folk and psych rock with a warm, orchestral sound on their debut album, "Light Upon the Lake." Listen as they blend folk and a touch zamrock for a party playlist perfect for the golden hour. FM Radio Hits the Airwaves If you listen to this show on the radio, you have Edwin Armstrong to thank for it. He was commissioned by RCA to combat radio static on the AM band, but his solution -- FM transmitting -- wasn't quite what the corporation had in mind. This week's show Episode : Introducing Safe For Work Drinks Music Food About Sponsor STORE The Dinner Party Download T-shirt is 100% cotton and now available. >> BUY ONE $18 Tweets by @dinnerpartydnld ABOUT US The Dinner Party Download is an hour-long celebration of culture, food, and conversation with hosts Rico Gagliano and Brendan Francis Newnam designed to help you dazzle your friends at this weekend's get-together. [more] Sponsor © Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Programs American RadioWorks APM Reports BBC World Service Composers Datebook Marketplace Marketplace Weekend Marketplace Morning Report Marketplace Tech Report Performance Today Pipedreams A Prairie Home Companion The Splendid Table SymphonyCast The Writer's Almanac Your Classical More… Support American Public Media American Public Media's online services are supported by users like you. Contribute now… More from American Public Media Public Radio Tuner APM Careers About APM