Union of Concerned Scientists Skip to main content × Search Search Utility Menu About toggle Accomplishments Funding & Financials Mission & Values Ways to Give History Regional Work Programs People Racial Equity Jobs Media Center Take Action toggle Climate Accountability Climate Campaign for the Future Power Ahead Transforming Transportation Preventing Nuclear War Healthy Food and Farms A Healthier Democracy Science Forward Science Network toggle Be a Science Advocate Build Skills Connect Reports & Multimedia en español Donate Donate + Donate now Renew Become a member Give monthly Gift memberships Gifts in honor & memory More ways to give 88% of funds go directly to programs Climate Explainer What is Climate Loss and Damage? Wealthy, polluting nations should pay for climate damages. Climate Change Climate change is one of the most devastating problems humanity has ever faced—and the clock is running out. Learn more about Climate Impacts Science Accountability Solutions Tell Congress to oppose giveaways to the fossil fuel industry. Send Letter Energy Report Gas Malfunction The United States is overly reliant on gas plants—and extreme weather is causing them to fail at alarming rates. Energy The energy choices we make today could make or break our ability to fight climate change. Learn more about Energy Renewable Energy Nuclear Power Fossil Fuels Solutions Demand power plant outage information be made public. Act Now Transportation Report Hydrogen-Powered Heavy-Duty Trucks Is investing in hydrogen-powered trucks as a solution for addressing emissions and other air pollutants from heavy-duty vehicles a good idea? Transportation Our transportation system is outdated and broken—and it needs to change. Learn more about Transportation Technologies Oil Solutions Urge Congress to support transit & healthy, thriving communities. Take Action Food Report Lost Inheritance Unless the legal issue known as heirs' property is resolved, Black farmers will continue to lose their land. Food and Farms The US food system should be providing healthy, sustainable food for everyone. Why isn’t it? Learn more about Food Sustainable Agriculture Healthy Food Food Justice Solutions Congress must safeguard and support food and farmworkers. Take Action Nuclear Weapons Blog Series Understanding Oppenheimer Critical analysis of the Oppenheimer movie and the nuclear weapons issues it examines. Nuclear Weapons They’re the most dangerous invention the world has ever seen. Can we prevent them from being used again? Learn more about Nuclear Weapons Justice Worldwide Missile Defense Solutions Prevent nuclear war: Urge Congress to reform US nuclear weapons policy. Act Now Science & Democracy Activist Resource 2024 CSD Election Science Task Force We've assembled an Election Science Task Force, who are actively working to make our electoral system as representative and reflective of our society as it can be. Science and Democracy Democracy and science can be powerful partners for the public good—and both are under attack. Learn more about Science & Democracy Independent Science Evidence-Based Decisions A Healthier Democracy Help strengthen scientific integrity at federal agencies. Take Action Take Action Donate Donate + Donate now Renew Become a member Give monthly Gift memberships Gifts in honor & memory More ways to give 88% of funds go directly to programs Menu Close× Main Menu Climate toggle Impacts Science Accountability Solutions Energy toggle Renewable Energy Nuclear Power Fossil Fuels Solutions Transportation toggle Technologies Oil Solutions Food toggle Sustainable Agriculture Healthy Food Food Justice Solutions Nuclear Weapons toggle Justice Worldwide Missile Defense Solutions Science & Democracy toggle Independent Science Evidence-Based Decisions A Healthier Democracy Utility Menu About toggle Accomplishments Funding & Financials Mission & Values Ways to Give History Regional Work Programs People Racial Equity Jobs Media Center Take Action toggle Climate Accountability Climate Campaign for the Future Power Ahead Transforming Transportation Preventing Nuclear War Healthy Food and Farms A Healthier Democracy Science Forward Science Network toggle Be a Science Advocate Build Skills Connect Reports & Multimedia Joe Raedle/Getty Images We use science to make change happen. The Union of Concerned Scientists is a member-supported nonprofit that’s fighting for a safer and healthier world. Learn more Tell Congress to oppose giveaways to the fossil fuel industry. Send Letter Our work Podcast Near The Water Dr. Karletta Chief talks with Jess about the unique scientific problems facing indigenous communities in the US. Activist Resource 2024 CSD Election Science Task Force We've assembled an Election Science Task Force, who are actively working to make our electoral system as representative and reflective of our society as it can be. Feature Attacks on Science Disappearing data. Silenced scientists. We've tracked threats to the federal scientific enterprise for decades. Report Gas Malfunction The United States is overly reliant on gas plants—and extreme weather is causing them to fail at alarming rates. See all reports & multimedia We are experts and everyday people, fighting for change together. By signing up you'll receive emails from UCS. You can opt-out at any time. How we work Research the world’s most pressing issues Fight misinformation and defend science Communicate with the media, the public, and decisionmakers Mobilize our 500,000 supporters to advocate for change Learn more Accomplishments Sam Churchill/Flickr November 2023 UCS Helps Bring Clean Energy to Michigan A slate of clean-energy bills that UCS advocated for has been signed into law in Michigan—establishing a 100% clean energy standard, expanding energy efficiency programs, and creating jobs. Read blog See all Get email updates Sign up for updates from UCS; unsubscribe at any time. Get text alerts Text "SCIENCE" to 67369 or sign up online. Sign up or text "SCIENCE" to 67369. Receive urgent alerts about opportunities to defend science. Recurring messages. Reply STOP to cancel. Msg & data rates may apply. Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policy. Support our work $25 $50 $100 $250 $1000 Other Make it monthly Donate Visit the store Listen to the podcast View the blog Footer Privacy Policy State Disclosures FAQ Media Center Jobs Contact © Union of Concerned Scientists We are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. 2 Brattle Square, Cambridge MA 02138, USA (617) 547-5552 Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Close× INVEST IN A CLIMATE RESILIENT FUTURE Tell Congress to help better prepare us for climate-related disasters. You'll receive updates and urgent action alerts from UCS. You can unsubscribe at any time. We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing, you accept our use of cookies. Learn more. I accept Close× Support our work $25 $50 $100 $250 $1000 Other Make it monthly Donate Other ways to give Renew Honor & memory Become a member Give monthly Make a planned gift Gift memberships More ways to give Your donation at work 87% of funds go directly to programs