Marketing & PR Technology Stack | Liana Technologies - LianaTech.com Skip to main content Skip to main menu Skip to footer menu Subscribe to newsletter Support site Search In English Auf DeutschEn françaisPå SvenskaSuomeksi Sign in To frontpage Solutions Email Marketing Newsletters that stand out Marketing Automation Platform for multi-channel automations Websites and Commerce Scalable websites and profitable online stores Press Release Distribution and Media Monitoring Send targeted press releases and monitor media visibility Industries Automotive Education Hospitality Media & Publishing Public Sector & NGO Other industries Services Digital Marketing Growth Services Paid Acquisition Marketing Automation as service Search Engine Optimization Analytics Services Resources Blog Articles, videos and guides. Customer stories From more than 3,500 customers. Events Webinars, Online-trainings and local meet-ups. About us Why Liana? Facts and Figures Management CSR Careers Lianacrew Life at Liana Our values Open positions Contact us Book a demo Book a demo with Liana's experts. Become a partner Join the digital marketing revolution. Contact Support, invoicing, marketing Sales and Liana's products Solutions Email Marketing Newsletters that stand out Marketing Automation Platform for multi-channel automations Websites and Commerce Scalable websites and profitable online stores Press Release Distribution and Media Monitoring Send targeted press releases and monitor media visibility Industries Automotive Education Hospitality Media & Publishing Public Sector & NGO Other industries Services Digital Marketing Growth Services Paid Acquisition Marketing Automation as service Search Engine Optimization Analytics Services Resources Blog Articles, videos and guides. Customer stories From more than 3,500 customers. Events Webinars, Online-trainings and local meet-ups. About us Why Liana? Facts and Figures Management CSR Careers Lianacrew Life at Liana Our values Open positions Contact us Book a demo Book a demo with Liana's experts. Become a partner Join the digital marketing revolution. Contact Support, invoicing, marketing Sales and Liana's products Subscribe to newsletter Sign in Support site Search In English Auf DeutschEn françaisPå SvenskaSuomeksi To frontpage Liana®Cloud is the Technology Stack for Marketing and PR Teams With Liana®Cloud, we offer you the right solutions for everything you need in your digital marketing and communications. All Liana® tools are integrated with each other and made to custom fit your individual marketing needs. Liana®Cloud powers your marketing and communications team with a single-sign-on platform that takes the data-driven marketing to the next level with no integration or IT headache. Email Marketing Tool for professional newsletters Read more Marketing Automation Platform for multichannel marketing automation Read more PR & Media Solutions for press releases and media monitoring Read more Websites Websites for easy content management Read more Commerce Tailored online stores Read more Liana loves marketers We are there for marketers on every step of their digital marketing journey. Email marketing Marketing automation PR & Media Websites Commerce Skip digital marketing journey Awareness Evaluation Purchase decision Loyal customer PR Advertising Press releases Press rooms PPC SEO Blog Content marketing Websites Email marketing Social media Drip campaigns Landing sites Retargeting Webstore Shopping cart reminder Thank you messages Welcome messages Customer newsletter SMS Online Chat Surveys Up- and cross-selling campaigns Customer loyalty program Invitations Competitions Analytics, monitoring and marketing automation View customer cases Hot topics View all blog posts Gmail's DMARC change will come into force - here's what you need to know about getting your newsletters through 13.02.2024 Marketing trends of 2024: What will the year hold? 16.01.2024 What Not-To-Do Email Marketing Checklist [PDF-download] 28.11.2023 View all blog posts Press releases Powered by LianaPress More press releases Liana Technologies has acquired the majority of Finland's largest WordPress agency Evermade 27.01.2022 Liana Technologies has acquired the majority of Swedish marketing technology provider Ungapped 03.11.2021 Liana Technologies Highlights Easy-to-use Marketing and Communications Technology and How Organizations Can Lead Wellbeing on Their Dubai Expo VIP Day 15.09.2021 SURVEY: A recent study by Liana Technologies reveals that only 11% of marketers measure the ROI of email marketing 05.05.2021 More press releases Solutions Email marketing Marketing Automation PR & Media Websites Commerce Services Integrations Industries Automotive Education Hospitality Media & Publishing Public Sector & NGO Other industries About us Why Liana? Facts and Figures History Partners Customer stories Blog Events Careers Lianacrew Life at Liana Our values Open positions Contact us Contact Management Media Subscribe to newsletter Request demo © Liana Technologies Imprint Privacy policy Digital marketing newsletter What's new in digital marketing? What are the best practices and what can we do to improve? By subscribing to our Digital Marketer's Newsletter we promise to keep you posted on what's going on in the world of digital marketing. As our subscriber you'll get the latest info, new point-of-views as well as many tested hints and tips to help you develop your digital marketing further. We'll also provide a variety of case studies and real-life examples to help you on your way. Our newsletter will appear once a month – subscribing won't cost anything and you can easily unsubscribe any time! Where are you located? * UAE & MENA Finland France Germany Hong Kong & APAC Sweden Other Your email * I allow Liana Technologies to save and process the personal information delivered above to offer the requested content and information about their products and services. You can unsubscribe whenever you want. More information in our Privacy Policy Marketing cookies required Subscribe to newsletter Your data will not be shared with third parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. Search Search