Home | BIEN — Basic Income Earth Network News Research Opinion Media Municipal Piloters Network Translations Chinese French Spanish Japanese Home About Basic Income Membership Donate Volunteer Select Page A Basic Income is a periodic cash payment unconditionally delivered to all on an individual basis, without means-test or work requirement. Taiwan Makes History with Universal Cash Payment Plan Taiwan is making history by sending out a one-time universal cash payment of $6,000 New Taiwan dollars (NTD) to every citizen “young and old.” This is the first time the country has implemented such a policy, and it comes as a result of excess tax revenue of $450... Read More Join Hands & Hearts With BIEN A convergence of various circumstances in the 21st century has made a Basic Income policyan achievable goal. Discussions and policy debates about Basic Income are taking place in countries across the world. We see this as an incredible opportunity for BIEN to... Read More This South Korean Presidential Election is Vital There are rare moments when a combination of threatening circumstances leads to a wonderful transformation that only a short time before would have been unimaginable. This year may be such a moment. The Republic of Korea could set an example to the world that would... Read More Arguments for UBI were presented at the Constituent Assembly in Chile On the 1st of December, the Comission of Fundamental Rights received the president and secretary of the Chilean Basic Income Network (Red Chilena de Ingreso Básico) Gabriela Cabaña and Cristóbal Ramos. The intervention included the justifications of basic income as a... Read More A new project from FRIBIS: Universal Basic Income and Gender The Freiburg Institute for Basic Income Studies (FRIBIS), a network of several faculties at the University of Freiburg, has expanded with a new international team which focuses on basic income and gender issues, pulled together by Enno Schmidt. It uses as a starting... Read More The Royal Society of Arts Explains: [2 minutes] BIEN Congresses BIEN2024 will be August 29–31 in Bath (England). Register for BIEN2024 Papers, pictures, and videos from our last congress. Basic IncomeA Basic Income is a periodic cash payment unconditionally delivered to all on an individual basis, without means-test or work requirement. Read more Pitch a StoryTo pitch a story, please click here. BIEN Monthly Bulletin Signup Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human: Recent News, Opinion, and Research The Debate Over the Definition of Basic Income – March 14 Mar 3, 2024 | Events, NewsKarl Widerquist will make a presentation, entitled "the Debate Over the Definition of Basic Income," in an online open forum of BIEN’s Working Group on the Clarification of the Definition of Basic Income on March 14. Central Time (US): 13 March,... read more Taiwan delegation learns from Boston UBI initiatives Mar 2, 2024 | OpinionThe Youth Leadership Council of UBI Taiwan concluded a visit to Boston, Massachusetts, showcasing their projects promoting basic income. The delegation, composed of high school students from Taiwan, engaged in a series of meetings with local leaders and organizations... read more New article about the effort to ban basic income pilots in the U.S. and who’s behind it Feb 28, 2024 | NewsImage credit: Scott Santens and Midjourney v6 The Foundation for Government Accountability - a Florida-based lobbying group backed by the richest 1% - is working to get basic income experiments banned by state legislators across the U.S. As a well-known quote often... read more New Study on a European UBI Feb 26, 2024 | News, ResearchFinanced by the European Parliament and written by three Catalonian economists, "The fundamental part of this research means to answer the following question: can UBI be financed by the EU? And more specifically, to answer the key question of how it can be financed,... read more Eight BIEN Podcasts Now Available on YouTube Feb 20, 2024 | NewsBIEN has issued eight approximately one-hour podcasts that are now available on YouTube, and more will be put out in the future. The latest is an interview with Jurgen De Wispelaere by Ahmed ElBas where they discuss various topics and take a look at Latin America for... read more New Book on UBI: Unconditional Freedom Feb 19, 2024 | News"As the rich get richer and take more of our wealth, our democratic freedoms are also in danger. The elite are gaining large profits without contributing back to society, hollowing out our public services and institutions and preventing the vast majority of us from... read more Launch of new report titled “The Economics of Implementing Basic Income in South Africa” Feb 13, 2024 | Events, News"Exciting news! The Social Policy Initiative (SPI) is thrilled to share a groundbreaking new report titled "The Economics of Implementing Basic Income in South Africa." This research, authored by renowned financial journalist Duma Gqubule, explores the potential... read more New Edition Published: The Palgrave International Handbook of Basic Income Feb 7, 2024 | NewsEdited by Malcolm Torry, this second edition: Contains new chapters on peacebuilding, public health, pilot projects, and the history of basic income Presents a newly updated discussion of the important aspects of the Basic Income debate Assesses the effects of Basic... read more New Book by Malcom Torry: Unconditional Feb 7, 2024 | News"Can anything ever be truly unconditional? Can public services such as healthcare or education be unconditional? And can an income ever be unconditional? This incisive book responds to these questions with a qualified ‘yes,’ and considers whether a social policy... read more How government plans to pay for a Basic Income Grant in South Africa Feb 2, 2024 | News"President Cyril Ramaphosa is looking to try make the shift to a Basic Income Grant a reality following renewed calls in this year’s ANC’s January 8th statement – but questions have arisen as to how the country is going to fund it. “Millions of working age adults in... read more Results Available: DIRECT CASH FOR A BETTER BOSTON Jan 29, 2024 | NewsIn partnership with UpTogether, CHV launched a direct cash pilot in 2021, selecting fifty families via lottery from the CHV community to receive an unconditional $583 per month. With this two-year pilot program, Camp Harbor View joined a burgeoning... read more Tackling Homelessness with Unconditional Cash Transfers Jan 29, 2024 | Events, NewsWhen? Thursday, 22 February 2024 at 6:30-8 pm UK timeUBI Lab Manchester invites to an online discussion with three eminent speakers about unconditional cash transfers and homelessness: Frances Darlington-Pollock CEO of the Greater Manchester Mayor’s Charity... read more « Older Entries BIENMembership Donate to BIEN Volunteer for BIEN BIEN GovernanceGeneral Assembly 2023 Previous General Assemblies Executive Committee Affiliated organisations Partnerships Disclaimer Unless stated otherwise, views expressed in articles on this website are those of their authors and do not necessarily coincide with BIEN’s position BIEN The Basic Income Earth Network (BIEN) is a Charitable Incorporated Organisation registered in the United Kingdom, registered charity number 1177066 Facebook X © Basic Income Earth Network 2023