PlayStation® Official Site: Consoles, Games, Accessories & More The unknown journey continues Final Fantasy VII Rebirth is out now. Step into the adventure and explore beyond Midgar, face off against powerful enemies, and defy your destiny. Find out more The galaxy's last line of offence Take up the mantle of liberty, join the Helldivers and fight for freedom across a hostile galaxy, in this new multiplayer co-op shooter for PS5 & PC Available now Fist meets fate The Mishima saga continues. Experience the epic new story featuring dozens of extraordinary fighters, out now on PS5. Find out more Sow Death. Reap Life. From the creative vision of El Huervo, a psychedelic sci-fi mystery unfolds as you explore the depths of a cosmic tomb, out now on PS5 Find out more DualSense Wireless Controller - Sterling Silver Introduce a touch of class to your play with the sleek Sterling Silver DualSense™ wireless controller. Find out more Watch now A new era in gaming audio awaits Experience a new era in gaming audio with the PULSE Elite™ wireless headset & PULSE Explore™ wireless earbuds Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories Introducing the PS5 console and accessories PlayStation 5 Console Experience an all-new generation of incredible PlayStation games. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories DualSense™ Wireless Controller Immerse yourself in the gaming experience with a controller the supports responsive haptic feedback and dynamic trigger effects. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories PlayStation Portal™ Remote Player Play your PS5 console over your home Wi-Fi with console quality controls. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories PULSE Elite™ Wireless Headset Enjoy lifelike gaming audio in a comfortable headset design equipped with a retractable microphone and built-in long-life battery Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories PULSE Explore™ Wireless Earbuds Enjoy lifelike gaming audio wherever play takes you with a portable design equipped with hidden microphones and a companion charging case. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories DualSense Edge™ Wireless Controller Get an edge in gameplay with remappable buttons, tuneable triggers and sticks, changeable stick caps, back buttons, and more. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories Access™ Controller A highly customisable PlayStation®5 controller kit designed to make gaming more accessible. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories PS5 Console Covers Personalise your PlayStation 5 or PlayStation 5 Digital Edition console with a vibrant array of new colour options. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories Media Remote Conveniently control movies, streaming services and more on your PS5 console with an intuitive layout. Find out more Introducing the PS5 console and accessories HD Camera Add yourself to your gameplay videos and broadcasts with smooth, sharp, full-HD capture. Find out more PS5 Console DualSense™ Wireless Controller PlayStation Portal™ Remote Player PULSE Elite™ Wireless Headset PULSE Explore™ Wireless Earbuds DualSense Edge Access™ Controller PS5 Console Covers Media Remote HD Camera Great PS4 & PS5 games out now or coming soon New releases Coming soon Hogwarts Legacy Marvel's Spider-Man 2 (English/ Chinese/ Korean/ Thai/ Indonesian/ Vietnamese Ver.) Tekken 8 EA SPORTS™ FC 24 Suicide Squad: Kill the Justice League Helldivers™ 2 God of War™ Ragnarök (English/ Chinese/ Korean/ Thai Ver.) The Last of Us™ Part I (English/ Chinese/ Korean/ Thai Ver.) Like a Dragon: Infinite Wealth PS4 & PS5 (Simplified Chinese, English, Korean, Japanese, Traditional Chinese) Final Fantasy XVI Call of Duty: Modern Warfare III Pacific Drive Final Fantasy VII Rebirth The Plucky Squire Rise of the Ronin Tales of Kenzera™: ZAU SILENT HILL 2 XDefiant Stellar Blade™ Alone in the Dark Death Stranding 2: On the Beach Dragon's Dogma 2 Until Dawn Feel a New Real Immerse yourself in epic worlds that go beyond reality, with the ground-breaking PlayStation VR2 headset and PlayStation VR2 Sense controller Feel a New Real Immerse yourself in epic worlds that go beyond reality, with the ground-breaking PlayStation VR2 headset and PlayStation VR2 Sense controller Find out more THIS MONTH ON PLAYSTATION Check out this month's biggest releases along with dedicated features, guides and more. THIS MONTH ON PLAYSTATION Check out this month's biggest releases along with dedicated features, guides and more. Find out more The best new and upcoming PS5 games of 2024 The best cozy games on PlayStation 10 games you should play first on PS5 The latest news from PlayStation Blog Players’ Choice: Vote for February’s best new game February had no shortage of options to choose from, no matter your gaming preference. Did you spend endless hours in multiplayer or take on a solo quest? Do your part and let us know in the poll below. How does it work? At the end of every month, PlayStation.Blog will open a poll where you […] O'Dell Harmon Jr. Content Communication Specialist, Sony Interactive Entertainment Mar 04, 2024 No Rest for the Wicked: Revealing new details on combat, crafting, town-building You wake up as the survivor of a shipwreck, with nothing more than the ragged clothes on your back to your name. A short trek away lies the dying captain of the vessel, who mentions the place he was trying to reach– a place called Sacrament. And so, your long and difficult journey begins. No […] Heidi Kemps (she/her) PlayStation Blog Correspondent Mar 01, 2024 Share of the Week: Comfort Game Last week, we asked you share moments from your go-to comfort game using #PSshare #PSBlog. Here are this week’s highlights: Gwyn_VP shares a view from of the wilds of The Witcher 3. wingsforsmiles shares Aloy surrounded by sunny flowers in Horizon Forbidden West. RhodWulfLeon shares an action shot in the middle of the ring […] Kristen Zitani (she/her) Content Communications Specialist, Sony Interactive Entertainment Mar 01, 2024 PlayStation Stars Campaigns and Digital Collectibles for March 2024 Hello PlayStation Stars members! This month introduces more exciting Campaigns, from earning Points on acclaimed titles to celebrating award-winning franchises and fan-favorite games. Let’s dive into the featured Campaigns awaiting you in March. Campaign: Marvel’s Spider-Man 2 “Exterminator” Trophy Hunt | Digital Collectible: Symbiote Canister Available March 7 Ready for a challenge? Play Marvel’s Spider-Man […] Grace Chen Vice President, Network Advertising, Loyalty & Licensed Merchandise Mar 01, 2024 Preparing for Final Fantasy VII Rebirth – Who is Zack Fair and what’s happening with the timeline? Final Fantasy VII Remake and Final Fantasy VII Rebirth are two masterfully made retellings of the classic PlayStation RPG from 1997. Final Fantasy VII Rebirth is the second entry in the Remake project and continues where the previous title left off, hopefully bringing answers to questions posed with it. Not only is this new sequel […] De’Angelo Epps PlayStation Blog Correspondent Mar 01, 2024 Gran Turismo 7’s 1.43 update features three new events, new cars, and Café Menu Gran Turismo players! Update 1.43* for Gran Turismo 7 is available as of Wednesday, February 28 at 11:00pm PST / February 29 at 6:00am GMT / 3:00pm JST. 3 new cars added this month Audi TTS Coupé ’09 (Can be purchased at Brand Central or Used Car Dealership) A high-performance model aggressively evolved from the […] Ken Chan Sr Product Manager, SIE Feb 29, 2024 PlayStation Plus Monthly Games for March: EA Sports F1 23, Sifu, Hello Neighbor 2, Destiny 2: Witch Queen The PlayStation Plus Monthly Games for March sees racing sim thrills in the shape of EA Sports F1 23, martial arts-powered face-offs with Sifu, a slice of stealth horror in Hello Neighbor 2 and sci-fi action with Destiny 2: Witch Queen. All four will be available to PlayStation Plus members on Tuesday March 5 until […] Adam Michel Director, Content Acquisition & Operations, Sony Interactive Entertainment Feb 28, 2024 How the Star Wars: Dark Forces Remaster devs Nightdive Studios enhanced the classic FPS Last year, it was revealed that the masters of remasters at Nightdive Studios have taken on the task of bringing the beloved 90s classic Star Wars: Dark Forces to modern audiences. The remaster is set to release February 28 on PS5 and PS4, nearly 30 years after the release of the original game from LucasArts […] Max Waine Project Lead, Nightdive Studios Feb 26, 2024 Foamstars new season Groovy Disco begins on March 8 Foamstars released on February 6 as a PlayStation Plus Monthly Game, and we’re elated that so many players have tried out the game. It’s not too late for PlayStation Plus members to add it to their library before March 4. In Foamstars, each season will last about 5 weeks, so we’d like to share details […] Kosuke Okatani Producer, Square Enix Feb 26, 2024 Share of the Week: Best Friends Last week, we asked you to shine a light on gaming best friends using #PSshare #PSBlog. Here are this week’s highlights: KenKenVega1 shares Ratchet & Clank from Ratchet & Clank: Rift Apart K_Alien121 shares Clive and Gav sharing a drink in Final Fantasy XVI jdbolzan shares Boozer and Deacon in Days Gone Lny_Trpr_EE7 shares the […] Kristen Zitani (she/her) Content Communications Specialist, Sony Interactive Entertainment Feb 23, 2024 Follow us on social media © 2022 MARVEL ©2022 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC.Developed by Insomniac Games, Inc. About About SIE Careers PlayStation Studios PlayStation Productions Corporate Products PS5 PS4 PS VR2 Accessories Games Values Environment Accessibility Diversity, equity & inclusion Support Support hub PlayStation Safety PSN Status PlayStation Repairs Password reset Resources Age ratings Health warning Developers Connect iOS app Android APP © 2024 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info Vietnam Legal Privacy policy Website terms of use Site Map