Homepage | Boston.gov Skip to Main Content An official website of the City of Boston. Here's how you know city_hall Official websites use .boston.gov A .boston.gov website belongs to an official government organization in the City of Boston. lock Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( lock ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Main menu Help / 311 Home Guides to Boston Departments Public Notices Pay and apply Jobs and careers Events News Places Back Cemeteries Community centers Historic Districts Libraries Neighborhoods Parks and playgrounds Schools Government Back The Mayor's Office City Clerk City Council Elections Boards and commissions City government overview Feedback Toggle Menu Mayor Michelle Wu Information and Services Public notices Feedback English Español Soomaali Português français 简体中文 Search Search Search Watch: Carter School Topping Off Ceremony at 11:30 a.m. Tuesday, March 5 City Hall Operating Hours Boston City Hall is open Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. - 5 p.m., but many offices close to the public at 4 or 4:30 p.m. Trash and recycling Pickup is on a normal schedule. Street Cleaning Street cleaning is on a normal schedule. Parking meters Parking meters are running on their normal schedules today. Tow lot The tow lot is only open Monday through Friday, from 7 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. Automated kiosks are availiable 24 hours a day, seven days a week for vehicle releases Featured resources ADA Curb Ramp Requests Apply for a City Job Building Permits and Licenses City Property Information Search Get a Resident Parking Permit Find Affordable Housing Mattress Recycling Order Birth Certificates Online Pay a Parking Ticket Pay Your Real Estate Taxes Search Resources and Elected Officials for Your Neighborhood bos_311_icon_black Report an Issue with 311 1 Guide: Visiting Boston 2 Guide: Trash and Recycling 3 Guide: Renting in Boston 4 Guide: Getting around Boston Latest news Latest news Mar 5 Mar 5 Council Says Farewell to Juan Lopez City Council Mar 4 Mar 4 Mayor Michelle Wu, Office of Civic Organizing Announce 2024 Love Your Block Mayor Michelle Wu, Office of Civic Organizing Announce 2024 Love Your Block Mayor's Office Mar 4 Mar 4 Three-Day All Girls Sports and Wellness Festival returns in April Three-Day All Girls Sports and Wellness Festival returns in April Parks and Recreation Mar 4 Mar 4 Office of Neighborhood Services and Operation Warm to donate 10,000 Coats to Office of Neighborhood Services and Operation Warm to donate 10,000 Coats to Neighborhood Services More City news Featured videos We Are Black Boston Honoring the legacy, contributions, and presence of Black Bostonians. City of Boston YouTube Channel Check out our latest videos on the City of Boston's YouTube account. Boston City TV YouTube Channel Boston City TV can also be viewed on your local cable TV provider: Xfinity 24, RCN 13, and Fios 962. BOS:311 service requests BOS:311 All BOS:311 requests Improper storage of trash barrels Request a bulk item pickup Request sidewalk repair Tree maintenance Report a pothole Report a parking violation Report a missing or damaged street sign Report a streetlight outage Stay Connected Sign up for email updates from the City of Boston, including information on big events and upcoming traffic and parking restrictions. Your Email Address Zip Code Gotcha Sign Up Upcoming Events Upcoming Events Licensing Board Virtual Transactional and Licensed Premise Violation Hearings On Mar 5 Mar 5 Intro Financial Coaching and Credit Building On Mar 5 Mar 5 Parks Fitness: Strength and Balance class with Skerley On Mar 5 Mar 5 TUITION FREE COMMUNITY COLLEGE (TFCC) PLAN OFFICE HOURS On Mar 5 Mar 5 Timelines, Archives, and Curricula Meeting On Mar 5 Mar 5 DSNCS Governance Committee Remote Meeting On Mar 5 Mar 5 Free Winter Bike Repair Workshop - South End On Mar 5 Mar 5 South End Landmark District Commission Subcommittee On Mar 5 Mar 5 Boston Civic Design Commission Virtual Meeting On Mar 5 Mar 5 Find more City events Boston Mayor Michelle Wu Contact: Mayor's Office Meet the Mayor Michelle Wu is the Mayor of Boston. She is a daughter of immigrants, Boston Public Schools mom to two boys, MBTA commuter, and fierce believer that we can solve our deepest challenges through building community. Learn about Mayor Wu Boston City Council City Council Contact: City Council Ruthzee Louijeune City Council President; City Councilor, At-Large Send an email to ruthzee.louijeune@boston.gov Henry Santana City Councilor, At-Large Send an email to henry.santana@boston.gov Julia Mejia City Councilor, At-Large Send an email to Julia.Mejia@Boston.gov Erin J. Murphy City Councilor, At-Large Send an email to erin.murphy@boston.gov Gabriela Coletta City Councilor, District 1 Send an email to Gabriela.Coletta@boston.gov Edward M. Flynn City Councilor, District 2 Send an email to ed.flynn@boston.gov John FitzGerald City Councilor, District 3 Send an email to john.fitzgerald@boston.gov Brian J. Worrell City Councilor, District 4 Send an email to brian.worrell@boston.gov Enrique J. Pepén City Councilor, District 5 Send an email to enrique.pepen@boston.gov Benjamin J. Weber City Councilor, District 6 Send an email to benjamin.weber@boston.gov Tania Fernandes Anderson City Councilor, District 7 Send an email to tania.anderson@boston.gov Sharon Durkan City Councilor, District 8 Send an email to sharon.durkan@boston.gov Liz Breadon City Councilor, District 9 Send an email to liz.breadon@boston.gov Tell us what you think Your feedback is anonymous and we will use it to improve the website. Did you find what you are looking for on this page? Did you find what you are looking for on this page? Yes No Do you have anything else you want to share about your experience? Please note: Do not include any sensitive or personal information, like your social security number or bank account information. Your feedback is anonymous and will not receive a response. If you need help with a non-emergency issue or question, contact 311. For emergencies, dial 911. Type your thoughts here Do you have anything else you want to share about your experience? Leave this field blank Footer menu Privacy Policy Contact us Jobs Public records Language and Disability Access BOS:311 - Report an issue