Design Observer: Writings on Design + Visual Culture: Design Observer Topics Podcasts Jobs Newsletters Books Conferences Advertise Masthead Topics | Podcasts | Jobs | Newsletters | Books | Conferences Advertise | Masthead | Profiles Celebrating Black history, joy, and creativity through the art of flowers Ellen McGirt | The Design Observer Twenty The Redesigners Susan Morris | Reviews 2023 New York Film Festival: Structures + History Jessica Helfand + Ellen McGirt | Audio S9E2: Melanie Keen The Editors | Books Self-Reliance Michael Bierut | Essays The Other Rand Connect 4 | Audio Eddie Opara and Tyriq Moore: How Do You Build Knowledge as a Designer? Ashleigh Axios | Opinions To Be a Design-Led Company Alexandra Lange | Essays Kicked A Building Lately? Alexandra Lange | Essays Standard Operating Procedure Steven Heller | Essays WAR! What’s it Really Good For? Connect 4 | Audio Man-Wai Cheung and Angel Blanco: “Mom, Dad, I Want to Be a Designer” David Stairs | Essays Charles Eames Among the Bullrushes Susan Morris | Essays Design + Architecture at SXSW Debbie Millman | Audio Ping Zhu Adam Harrison Levy | Essays The History of Being Found Adrian Shaughnessy | Essays Philosophy, Graphic Design and Virtue of Clarity Adrian Shaughnessy | Terms of Service Pan Afrikan Design Institute Chappell Ellison | Essays You’ll Never Guess the Amazing Ways Online Design Writing and Criticism Has Changed Connect 4 | Audio Victor Newman and Ana Amaro: Becoming an Animator Robert Finkel + Shea Tillman | Books The IBM Poster Program James Biber | Essays Vestige(s) of Empire Lorraine Wild | Essays The Scourge of "Tuscan" The Editors | Terms of Service Terms of Service: February Edition Connect 4 | Audio Min Lew and Zaiah Sampson: Finding Your Creative Voice Jessica Helfand | Essays My Friend Flickr Jessica Helfand + Ellen McGirt | Audio S9E3: Astra Taylor Observed More than 50 years ago, a small group of design educators tried to decolonize design in Africa, hoping to teach African designers how to use research and design for their people and their nations by leveraging their own indigenous knowledge and local customs. While their pioneering effort was suppressed after a few short years by the colonial authorities, their approach to teaching design still resonates today: consider the story of François-X. N.I. Nsenga, an indigenous African designer who grew up in Belgian Rwanda and studied in British Kenya at Africa's first university-based design program. For more on the cultural history, design philosphy, and the "Europeanisation" of colonial Africa, you'll find a conversation with Nsenga in Gjoko Muratovski's book, Research for Designers: A Guide to Methods and Practice. At turns dystopian and delightful, the future of AI-based digital assistants seem poised to communicate through the “emotion and information display” of new constellations of hardware. (Including … orbs!) Like concept cars, they're not on the market just yet, but developmental efforts at more than a few telecoms suggest they're clearly on the horizon. More here.Jha D Amazi, a principal and the director of the Public Memory and Memorials Lab for MASS (Model of Architecture Serving Society) Design Group, examines how spatializing memory can spark future collective action and provide a more accurate and diverse portrayal of our nation's complicated past. She gave this year’s annual Richard Saivetz ’69 Memorial Architectural Lecture at Brandeis last month, entitled, “Spatializing Memory”.Self-proclaimed “geriatric starlet” and style icon Iris Apfel has died. She was 102.“You know, you’ve got to try to sneak in a little bit of humanity,” observes Steve Matteson, the designer behind Aptos—Microsoft's new “default” font. “I did that by adding a little swing to the R and the double stacked g." Adds Jon Friedman, Microsoft’s corporate vice president for design: “It’s both quirky and creates a more natural feel that brings in some of the serif font ‘je ne sais quoi’ to it”. Resistant to change (or simply longing for Calibri), font geeks are not having it. Fun fact? Aptos was originally called Bierstadt. You may well imagine, as we did, that this was a nod to the 19th century German-American landscape painter, Albert Bierstadt—but the actual translation is “Beer City”. In Dallas, the Better Block Foundation is sponsoring a design contest called Creating Connections, aimed at addressing the growing epidemic of loneliness by exploring the impact of design on how people connect with others.Good design is invisible, but bad design is unignorable. Elliot Vredenburg, Associate Creative Director at Mother Design, bares it all.Arab design is a story of globalism, evidenced through collaborations with the Arab diaspora living, working, and creating abroad, and with the expatriate community in the Middle East and North Africa. More on the highlights (and insights) from Doha Design 2024 here.Organizations that embrace diversity tend to foster innovation, challenge ingrained thought patterns, and enhance financial performance. Its true benefits emerge when leaders and employees cultivate a sense of inclusion. How architecture is reckoning with the cultural and economic challenges of—and demands for—a more inclusive workforce.Mapping climate change, and climate-vulnerable populations.Recently, a number of new initiatives seeking to digitize enormous troves of once difficult-to-access records are giving African American families opportunities to recover more of their own histories. In the past, the difficulty stemmed from one critical oversight: enslaved African Americans were not recorded by their first and last names until after the 1870 census. Today, there are a number of institutions with digitized archives and searchable finding aids and more, among them, the International African American Museum’s Center for Family History in Charleston, South Carolina, and the United States Colored Troops Pension File Project. One scholar shares her discovery—and delight—in the process.With a mission is to champion humanity-centered design, emphasizing the rights and well-being of all people and the shared ecosystem we call “the earth, the Don Norman Design Award and Summit (DNDA) is now open for applications.This Friday, March 1—to kickoff Women's History Month—Mellissa Huber, co-curator of the exhibition Women Dressing Women, will moderate a conversation at the Metropolitan Museum in New York on fashion, accessibility, sustainability, and design. Panelists include designer and educator Grace Jun, and the event will be livestreamed on the museum's YouTube channel.Some seventy contemporary artists from the Middle East and North Africa are presenting the heritage of Arab design at the inaugural Design Doha Biennial, which began on February 24. “Recognizing that there are far too few platforms in our region for designers to present their work." observes Qatar Museums Chair Sheikha Al Mayassa bint Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, “the inauguration of Design Doha is a testament to the excellence and innovation of our region's design community”.“Now and then, Mica Levi’s nearly absent score of serrated synthesizers rears up and snags your ear like a loop of razor wire, with long trails of reverb left hanging in the air like plumes of black smoke.” How sound design reaches in and grabs the senses, without letting go.The creative minds at Swift Creatives are designing security systems that look like art. They call this sculptural surveillance.Sara Little Turnbull was tiny but fierce (she stood a not-very-towering 4'11). The designer once described as “corporate America's secret weapon” was a leading practitioner for more than six decades, and remains an inspiration to countless women in design, technology, and (notably) in science. On her podcast, Lost Women of Science, American journalist Katie Hafner discusses the woman, the legend—and the N-95 mask.Following President Biden's 2021 executive order to transform the customer experience, agencies have been rethinking how they can create organizational change and best practices—even at NASA—where design is leveraged in an effort to both build and sustain trust. In 1951, Henrietta Lacks was diagnosed with cervical cancer. During a biopsy, a sample of her cancerous cells were collected without her knowledge. Education around Lacks has increased recently, and a statue and historical marker were dedicated to her last year in her birthplace of Roanoke. Now, a statue design contest is underway: they'll be accepting submissions until March 15. Goodbye war rooms, corner offices and—yikes—physical libraries, which have allegedly “gone the way of the landline and the Dictaphone” in law offices. Post-pandemic, with remote and hybrid work on the rise, a more collaborative, equitable spatial allocation means a more flexible, and some say more productive workplace. Can design be a catalyst for societal progress? Asmita Kerkar thinks it can. Her design philosophy is hinged on nurturing spaces that foster empathy and facilitate community engagement, grounded in a commitment to sustainability and inclusivity. She channels her passion into creating equitable environments, bridging the gap between design and social changeI love it. What is it?Following the light. Letting the actors move. Envisioning—and sculpting—a mood. Jack Fisk, the production designer behind There Will Be Blood, The Revenant, and Killers of the Flower Moon, among many other award-winning films, explains it all. Tyler Perry puts the planned $800 million expansion of his studio in Atlanta on hold after seeing OpenAI’s text-to-video model Sora, which debuted Feb. 15. “Being told that it can do all of these things is one thing, but actually seeing the capabilities, it was mind-blowing,” he said. With AI, there’s no need to travel to locations or build specialized sets. The future impacts are concerning, he says. “[A]s I was looking at it, I immediately started thinking of everyone in the industry who would be affected by this, including actors and grip and electric and transportation and sound and editors, and looking at this, I’m thinking this will touch every corner of our industry.”The racism in the yield curve: Groundbreaking research from Destin Jenkins, an assistant history professor at Stanford University, reveals how the $4 trillion municipal bond market has historically excluded Black taxpayers and disproportionately benefited infrastructure projects in white communities. (Jenkins’s research focuses on the American state, racial capitalism, and the built environment; you can watch him explain his research in a recent fireside chat with bond professionals here.)Tesla is recalling 2.19 million vehicles because of a problem with a font. If you don’t think design matters at this point, you can’t be helped.There’s a lot of plastic hidden in our clothes. Like, a lot.Singapore is set to require all flights departing the country to use sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) by 2026.What’s in a label? Well, the truth, mostly. Lawsuits filed against Gorton’s, ALDI, Conagra, Bumble Bee Foods, Mowi, and Red Lobster are challenging Big Fish to back up the sustainability and eco-friendly labels they put on their seafood products and brands. “From what I see, there’s a good chance at least some of the companies defending themselves are engaging in false advertising, although they may not realize what they’re doing,” says Arlin Wasserman, the founder of sustainability consultancy Changing Tastes.Nex Benedict, a transgender teen from Oklahoma, died the day after their peers assaulted them in a school bathroom. They had been bullied for ages, but the assaults began in earnest a few months after Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt signed a bill in 2022 that required public school students to use bathrooms that matched the sex listed on their birth certificates. This piece from the Independent provides essential context for the assault and details of Benedict’s life. Jobs | March 05 Contact | Policy | Terms of Use © 2003-2023 Observer Omnimedia LLC. “Design Observer” is a registered trademark of Observer Omnimedia LLC.