Defenders of Wildlife Skip to main content Get Alerts & Updates Thank you! Thank you! Main navigation Wildlife American Crocodile and Alligator Amphibians Bald Eagle Bats Beaver Beluga Whale Bighorn Sheep Bison Black Bear Black-Footed Ferret Bog Turtle Butterflies California Condor Canada Lynx Caribou Dolphins Elephants Fisher Florida Manatee Florida Panther Foxes Freshwater Fishes Freshwater Mussels Golden-Cheeked Warbler Gray Wolf Grizzly Bear Hellbender Horseshoe Crab Jaguar Lesser Prairie Chicken Marbled Murrelet Mexican Gray Wolf Mice and Rats North Atlantic Right Whale Ocelot Orca Owls Pacific Salmon Pacific Walrus Pallid Sturgeon Parrots Peregrine Falcon Pinyon Jay Polar Bear Pollinators Prairie Dog Red Wolf Rice's Whale Rufa Red Knot Sage-Grouse Sea Otter Sea Turtles Sharks and Rays Snakes and Lizards Sonoran Pronghorn Tiger Tortoises Vaquita Wolverine Wild Places Arctic California's Central Valley Cascadia Coasts and Intertidal Zones Deciduous Forests Deserts Great Plains Greater Everglades Northwest Florida Oceans Rocky Mountains Sagebrush Sea Sky Islands Southern Appalachians Temperate Rainforest Texas Hill Country Trans-Pecos Wetlands and Rivers Our Work Conserving Imperiled Species Advocating for Species Internationally Protecting Habitat Promoting Coexistence Defending Conservation Laws Innovating for Wildlife Conservation Combating Climate Change Fighting Invasive Species Speaking for Wildlife Where We Work Wildlife Nation Take Action Add Your Voice Attend an Event Check Out the Activist Toolkit Become an Ambassador Hold Congress Accountable Get Email Alerts Support Become a Defender Give Monthly Renew Your Membership Join Our Leadership Council Honor Someone Special Shop to Defend Give Through Your Will or Trust DAFs, Stocks, QCDs and More Secondary Menu About News Blog Get updates English • Español Donate One-Time DonationMonthly Donation Image Image Credit John Pitcher BE A VOICE FOR WILDLIFE Prevent extinction. Protect habitat. Defend nature. Join Us Image John Morrison - iStock Learn how we're protecting wolves in the United States Image NOAA and NMFS We’re almost out of time to save these whales! Image USFWS Honor someone special with a gift to wildlife. Image Bill Maynard Make a Difference for Wildlife Up to a million species are facing extinction - some within the next decade - unless we take immediate action to save them. You can be a part of the solution for endangered species: support efforts to protect the wild right now. One-time donation Monthly donation $ $ Our Strategy Defenders of Wildlife works on the ground, in the courts, and on Capitol Hill to protect and restore imperiled wildlife and habitats across North America. Together, we can ensure a future for the wildlife and wild places we all love. Image From the Blog Image March 5, 2024 The Canada Lynx: Not Only Found In Canada Image February 29, 2024 The Wyoming Toad: Leaping Toward Recovery Image February 27, 2024 A Changing Arctic and Polar Bear Habitat Visit the blog Image Image Credit Lisa Hupp, USFWS Our Work & Impact 90% of old-growth habitat removed from a proposed timber sale in Tongass National Forest after the U.S. Forest Service heeded our objections, protecting thousands of acres of habitat for wolves, bears and more. 75 years of leading efforts to protect and restore wildlife and habitat in North America. The stakes have never been higher, but our experience and expertise have prepared us to face the challenges ahead. 100+ collaboration projects to prevent conflicts with grizzly bears and wolves in the West, including range riders, electric fencing and bear-resistant garbage containers. News Image Denver, Colo. March 5, 2024 Colorado Lays Out Roadmap to Wolverine Reintroduction On Monday, March 4, Colorado legislators took a first step towards safeguarding the future of the North American wolverine in the lower 48 United States Visit the newsroom Wildlife & Wild Places Image Bison Image Great Plains Image Owls Image Deciduous Forests facebook twitter instagram youtube medium tiktok threads Footer menu About Us FAQ Defenders Magazine Publications Jobs & Internships CONTACT US 1130 17th Street NW Washington, DC 20036 1-800-385-9712 © 2024 Defenders of Wildlife Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement How Funds Are Used 97% 97% of our funds go towards program and support services, with only 3% going towards fundraising. Search