Home St. Petersburg State University of Psychology Faculty Faculty The Word of the Faculty of Department of the Department List and Rating of teachers Psychological clinic of the Commission and Committees Scientific Council Library Dissection Councils Administration Information for teachers and scientific employees to the first year entering the magistracy of postgraduate studies, Doctoral studies and a profession on professional professionalRetraining (based on any higher education) to foreign citizens / For International Students Preparatory Courses and the University School of Young Psychologist Subjects and the Rating of Teachers and Student Training Department Training Department of Professional Retraining List and Rating Department of International Educational Cooperation State Cleaning Conducting Translations Translations and Restoring Translations and RecoveryPayment of training extracurricular activities of practice and vacancies Scientific development of laboratory instructions and teachers of teachers Scientific events Competition of scientific works B. G. Ananyev Scientific groups and scientific seminars Conditions Calendar Calendar Teachers and Leading News 26.2024 Winners of the SPbSU competition will receive 1 millionrubles to create your enterprise more than 02/19/2023 Cognitive experiments at St. Petersburg State University: the results Read more on 02/13/2024 The University launched a competition and Quiz together with VK Read more on 10.02.2024 We congratulate Lada Vereshchagin on the anniversary!Read more on 01/27/2024 Digest News on the occasion of the 80th anniversary of the complete liberation of Leningrad • Congratulations to the rector of St. Petersburg State University Nikolai Kropachev • University celebrates the 80th anniversary of the full removal of the blockade of Leningrad • “Tram memory” and other pages of the block history • Special release of the journal “St. Petersburg University”• At St. Petersburg State University, the film “Blockade Architecture” was displayed on 16.01.2024 The new online course of St. Petersburg State University to improve skills in the diagnosis and treatment of PTSR more than 01/15/2024 on the pseudoscience of astrology: the opinion of the Faculty of Psychology of St. Petersburg State University Read more on 01/13/2024 Congratulations to Galina Lvovna Isurina!Read more news announcements donors of the besieged Leningrad on February 27 at St. Petersburg State University - Read more Exposition dedicated to the participation of universa in a special military operation February 22-29 in the exhibition hall of St. Petersburg Student Conference "BiomeD Mind Matters" on March 1 at 16: 00s of the launch of spring flow 2024 2024Mentor's program of St. Petersburg State University since February 12, 2024 - Registration of a student of a young psychologist in the 2023/24 academic year can join any lecture in more details of SPbSU: • A complete list of additional educational programs of St. Petersburg State University • For students who want to improve knowledge on foreign languages online courses in the direction"Psychology" Read more Psychological Clinic of St. Petersburg State University - Helpline Read a Medical Service at St. Petersburg State University for students of St. Petersburg State University updated information about medical care.In the attached document (PDF): addresses of health posts, also information for nonresident students and athletes.Prevention of coronavirus Special conditions for universants in the clinic of St. Petersburg State University meetings of the rector with representatives of student councils Read more Archive University Announcements.Reboot virtual reception psychological clinic Legal Consultation Endaum Fund on Psychology and Psychologists Reception Dean+ 7 (812) 324-25-74dean.psy@spbu.ru Ask the dean A.V.Shaboltas for the media and direct the material to the site: I.andreeva@spbu.ru Site support: pro@spbu.ru Documents receiving+7 (812) 328–97–28ABITUR.PSY@spbu.ru Cooking courses+7 (812)363-65-04e.zadorkina@spbu.ru qualification and retraining+7 (812) 363–65–04 Information about the educational organization Responsible for the site Ensuring the quality of education Feedback © Faculty of Psychology of St. Petersburg State University address: St. Petersburg, nab.Makarova, d. 6