Home | London Business School Skip to main content Give to LBS News Press Office Events Recruiters and Organisations Jobs at LBS LBS Publishing LBS Hub Portal Create a profile Log in LBS_Standard_Logo_RGB About Masters Degrees Executive Education LBS Online PhD Faculty & Research Think Alumni Give to LBS News Press Office Events Recruiters and Organisations Jobs at LBS LBS Publishing LBS Hub Portal Please enter a keyword and click the arrow to search the site Or explore one of the areas below MBA Executive MBA News Executive Education Masters degrees PhD Faculty and Research Home Save to my profile degree education New One-year MBA programme Want to get ahead in business? Designed for professionals with a management masters looking to become a leader in tomorrow's business world. Explore the One-year MBA programme Masters degrees Ranked among the best in the world, our Masters Degree programmes shape individuals into global business leaders. View programmes Masters in Management Global Masters in Management Masters in Analytics and Management Masters in Financial Analysis MBA One-year MBA Masters in Finance Executive MBA Sloan Masters in Leadership and Strategy Executive Education Experience our world-class programmes, delivered in-person and online by our renowned faculty and guest speakers. View programmes Digital Transformation and Innovation Finance General Management Leadership Marketing Strategy LBS Online Courses in London Courses in Dubai Certificates LBS Online Our online, flexible courses will help you make the most of any opportunity, from anywhere in the world. You can find the best answers in a way that fits your schedule. View programmes Negotiating and Influencing Skills for Leaders Sustainability Leadership and Corporate Responsibility Women in Business ESG Investing Innovation Through Design Thinking Leading Digital Transformation The Business of AI Mastering Digital Marketing Our work with organisations Accelerate transformation for your organisation. We work with ambitious businesses worldwide to deliver impact through powerful learning. Find out more Our work with organisations FOREVER // FORWARD Forever Forward is London Business School’s ambitious and transformational £200m fundraising campaign, which will amplify our impact on the world. Explore our four pillars to discover where our future is heading. READ MORE 26 Feb 2024 Case study by Herminia Ibarra awarded In-depth examination of the cultural shift initiated by Jean-Philippe Courtois at Microsoft wins in The Case Centre Awards 2024 Read more 12 Feb 2024 LBS MBA returns to the FT’s top 10 London Business School’s MBA has been ranked eighth in the world by the Financial Times Read more 09 Feb 2024 “We need to think of alternative solutions” LBS’s Professor Andrew Scott provides his perspective on recent research from the International Longevity Centre Read more Executive MBA Realise your leadership potential with our Executive MBA (EMBA). This transformative programme equips you with the business knowledge, leadership skills and networks to accelerate your career. Choose to take it in London or Dubai to suit your own plans. Learn more MBA Open Day Join us for a unique opportunity to experience our world-renowned faculty in action, learn more about how our Career Centre team support students to achieve their career aspirations and hear first-hand from our students and alumni about the LBS experience. Date: Saturday 16 Mar 2024 Time: 10:00 - 16:00 Learn more Women in Leadership Accelerate your next career move with our Women in Leadership programme. Gain the confidence to lead and build a network of supportive female peers from diverse backgrounds, with a unique programme format that blends virtual and classroom learning for maximum impact. READ MORE London Business School in 360° Dynamic. Cosmopolitan. Diverse. You’ll find all the energy of London – its cultural richness and spirit of innovation – right here on our London campus. Take a look around in this 360° tour. READ MORE Think at London Business School The art of giving selfishly Monday 4 March 2024 Oriol Fuertes Cabassa MBA2015 explains why he left a career in management consultancy to found a company supplying homecare services By Nick Mickshik Alumni Economics Entrepreneurship Health Social enterprise Share Think at London Business School Four things men can do to support gender equity Monday 4 March 2024 It’s high time to support gender equity as it moves into a crucial stage. Randall S. Peterson explores four things men can do By Randall S Peterson Leadership Gender Equality Strategy Leading teams Women Share Think at London Business School Leadership spotlight: Leading for good when times are bad Thursday 29 February 2024 The panel from our first 2024 think ahead event says to drive your business forward in turbulent times, prioritise these five behaviours. By Alison Swersky Leadership Leading teams The future of work Crisis Share Subscribe to Think at London Business School and get fresh insights from our thought leaders direct to your inbox Sign up with your email × Sign up to receive our latest news and business thinking direct to your inbox First name Last name Email London Business School takes your privacy seriously. We may process your personal information for carefully considered, specific purposes which enable us to enhance our services and benefit our customers. Please note that by subscribing now you may from time to time receive other emails from LBS about events or other activities that we think might interest you. View our Privacy Policy to learn more. Subscribe × Thank you. You're almost ready to start enjoying Think. To verify your email and confirm your subscription please click on the link that we've sent to your email address. We hope you enjoy our thought leadership. Explore the Think at London Business School Hub. × Group Thank you for subscribing to the Think email. We have added your email address to our mailing list and we hope you enjoy our thought leadership. Explore the Think at London Business School Hub. × Opps.. Something goes wrong. Please try again later. Organisations Recruiters Media Contact us Find us Jobs @ LBS Donate Get fresh ideas from business experts Sign up LBS in social media Privacy policy Policies and legislation Sitemap © London Business School 2024