University of Saskatchewan Skip to main content Toggle Menu P AWS Search the U of S Search Academics Admissions and Programs Colleges and Schools Library Class Search Academic Dates Research Indigenous Campus COVID-19 Information Visiting and Campus Services Events Huskie Athletics Student Life Community Alumni Give Continuing Education Business and Industry Kids Programs About About USask Vision and Leadership Reporting International Activities Careers News Apply Gamechangers Be What the World Needs University of Saskatchewan USask is a world leader in water and food security, vaccine development and infectious diseases, and human, animal and environmental health. A member of the U15 Group of Canadian research-intensive universities, we aspire to be the university the world needs. Study Join 26,100+ students from 130 countries. Admissions Work Grow your career at a top research university. Job Postings Give Support our students and research. Donate Play With 15 athletic teams, there is always a game to watch. Huskies spotlight Indigenous Achievement Week Indigenous Achievement Week, March 4-8, celebrates the successes of Métis, First Nations, and Inuit students, staff, faculty, and alumni. Indigenous Achievement Week International Students Learn the advantages of studying at USask: Academic and Research Excellence Highly respected academic programs and faculty World-class, state-of-the-art facilities High official rankings Affordable tuition and various scholarships Living in Saskatchewan, Canada Affordable housing You may be eligible to work in Canada while you study and after you graduate Free Saskatchewan government health insurance Ranked among the world's safest countries Supportive Intercultural learning opportunities, one-on-one assistance, and transitional support Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Find a Program We offer undergraduate and graduate programs in over 150 fields of study. Start your journey today. Undergraduate programs Bachelor level degrees, diplomas, certificates Undergraduate programs Bachelor level degrees, diplomas, certificates These include programs you can enter directly from high school, such as engineering, as well as professional programs that require some previous university experience, like nursing or law. Aboriginal Business Administration Aboriginal Lands Governance Aboriginal Resource Management Accounting Agribusiness Agricultural Biology Agricultural Economics Agronomy Animal Bioscience Animal Science Applied Computing Applied Mathematics Applied Plant Ecology Archaeology Archaeology and Anthropology Biochemistry, Microbiology and Immunology Biological Research Biology Biomedical Foundations Biomedical Neuroscience Business Business Economics Career and Guidance Studies Catholic Studies Cellular, Physiological and Pharmacological Sciences Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Classical and Medieval Latin Classical, Medieval and Renaissance Studies Computer Engineering Computer Science Computing Criminology and Addictions Crop Science Dental Assisting Dentistry Drama Early Childhood Education (ECE) Economics Education Education - Sequential Music Electrical Engineering Engineering Physics English English as an Additional Language Education English for Academic Purposes Entrepreneurship Environment and Society Environmental Biology Environmental Engineering Environmental Geoscience Environmental Science Ethics, Justice and Law Exercise and Sport Studies Finance Food and Bioproduct Sciences Food and Nutrition Food Industry Management Food Science Formal Reasoning French Geological Engineering Geology Geomatics Geophysics Global Studies Health Studies History Horticultural Science Human Resources Hydrology Indian Teacher Education Program (ITEP) Indigenous Governance and Politics Indigenous Languages Indigenous Studies Interdisciplinary Biomedical Science International Studies Internationally Educated Teachers Jazz Jewish & Christian Origins Kanawayihetaytan Askiy Kinesiology and Education Law Leadership in Post Secondary Education Linguistics Management Marketing Mathematical Modelling Mathematical Physics Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medicine Modern Languages Music Music Education Nursing Nutrition Palaeobiology Pharmacy Philosophy Physics Political Studies Politics and Law Practical and Applied Arts Prairie Horticulture Precision Agriculture Professional Communication - Leadership and Negotiation Professional Communication - Persuasive Communication Professional Communication - Technical and Professional Writing Psychology Regional and Urban Planning Religion and Culture Resource Economics and Policy Resource Science Saskatchewan Urban Native Teacher Education Program (SUNTEP) Sociology Soil Science Special Education Statistics Studio Art Study of Indigenous Storytelling Supply Chain Management Sustainability Technical Vocational Education Technological Innovation Toxicology Urban Design Veterinary Medicine Water Science wîcêhtowin Theatre Women's and Gender Studies Undergraduate programs All undergraduate Graduate programs Master's and doctoral degrees and certificates Graduate programs Master's and doctoral degrees and certificates These include programs that require you to have earned a degree in a relevant field. Accounting M.P.Acc. Advanced Veterinary Diagnostic Pathology Certificate Agricultural Economics M.Sc., Ph.D. Anatomy, Physiology, and Pharmacology M.Sc., Ph.D. Animal and Poultry Science M.Sc., Ph.D. Anthropology M.A. Applied Computing M.Sc., Ph.D. Applied Economics Ph.D. Applied Microbiology M.Agr., M.Sc., Ph.D. Archaeology M.A. Biochemistry, Microbiology and Immunology M.Sc., Ph.D. Biological Engineering M.Sc., Ph.D. Biology M.Sc., Ph.D. Biomedical Engineering P.G.D., M.Eng., M.Sc., Ph.D. Biostatistics M.Sc., Ph.D. Business Administration M.B.A. Chemical Engineering M.Eng., M.Sc., Ph.D. Chemistry M.Sc., Ph.D. Civil Engineering M.Eng., M.Sc., Ph.D. Community and Population Health Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Community Energy Planning and Finance Certificate Computer Science M.Sc., Ph.D. Corrections PGDSC Curriculum Studies M.Ed. Economic Analysis for Public Policy Certificate Economics M.A. Education, cross-departmental Ph.D. Educational Administration M.Ed., Ph.D. Educational Foundations M.Ed. Educational Leadership Ed.D. Educational Psychology and Special Education M.Ed. Educational Technology and Design M.Ed. Electrical Engineering P.G.D., M.Eng., M.Sc., Ph.D. Energy Transitions Certificate English M.A., Ph.D. Environment and Sustainability M.E.S., Ph.D. Epidemiology Ph.D. Field Epidemiology M.Sc. Finance M.Sc. Food and Bioproduct Sciences P.G.D. Food Science P.G.D., M.Agr., M.Sc., Ph.D. French M.A. Geography M.A., M.Sc., Ph.D. Geological Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Governance and Entrepreneurship in Northern and Indigenous Areas M.G.E.N.I.A. Governance Foundations for Sustainability Certificate Health Professions Education M.Ed. Health Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. History M.A., Ph.D. Improving Teaching and Learning in Health Professions Education Certificate Indigenous Land-Based Education M.I.L.B.E. Indigenous Nation-Building Certificate Indigenous Studies M.A., Ph.D. Interdisciplinary Studies M.A., M.Sc., Ph.D. Kinesiology M.Sc., Ph.D. Large Animal Clinical Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Law LLM Leadership Certificate Leadership in Post-Secondary Education M.Ed. Linguistics M.A. Marketing M.Sc. Mathematics M.Math., M.Sc., Ph.D. Mechanical Engineering P.G.D., M.Eng., M.Sc., Ph.D. Music M.Mus., M.A. Music Education M.Mus. Nursing M.N., M.N. - Educational/Leadership, NP - Nurse Practitioner, Ph.D., P.G.D.S. Nutrition M.Sc., Ph.D. Pharmacy M.Sc., Ph.D. Philosophy M.A. Physical Therapy M.P.T. Physics and Engineering Physics M.Sc., Ph.D. Plant Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Political Studies M.A. Precision Oral and Systemic Health Ph.D. Psychology M.A., Ph.D. Public Administration M.P.A. Public Health M.P.H. Public Management Certificate Public Policy M.P.P., Ph.D. Public Policy Analysis Graduate Certificate Quality Teaching in Health Professions Education Certificate Religion and Culture M.A. Scholarship of Teaching and Learning M.SoTL., Certificate Science and Innovation Policy Certificate Small Animal Clinical Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Small Animal Rotating Veterinary Internship Certificate Small Animal Specialty Veterinary Internship Certificate Social Economy, Cooperatives, and the Non-Profit Sector Certificate Sociology M.A., Ph.D. Soil Science M.Sc., Ph.D. Statistics M.Sc., Ph.D. Studio Art M.F.A. Sustainable Water Management Certificate Sustainability M.Ss. Sustainability Solutions Certificate Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages M.A. Toxicology M.Sc., Ph.D. Vaccinology and Immunotherapeutics M.Sc., Ph.D. Veterinary Biomedical Sciences M.Sc., Ph.D. Veterinary Microbiology M.Sc., Ph.D. Veterinary Pathology M.Vet.Sc., M.Sc., Ph.D. Water Resources Certificate Water Science Certificate Water Security M.W.S. Women's, Gender, and Sexualities Studies M.A. Writing M.F.A. Graduate programs All graduate Stories from USask News Loading... THE CAMPAIGN FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF SASKATCHEWAN JOIN OUR AMBITIOUS VISION FOR THE FUTURE USask is embarking on the biggest fundraising campaign in Saskatchewan history. Together, we can address the world’s greatest challenges. About the Campaign Discovery the World Needs Research that improves lives in our community and beyond. USask is one of the top research-intensive, medical doctoral universities in Canada, and is home to world-leading research in areas of global importance, such as water and food security and infectious diseases. Proud member of the U15, a collective of Canada's leading research-intensive universities Research at USask The world needs...DISCOVERERS USask leads the way in tackling relevant, global issues such as vaccine development, sustainability and water and food security. #1Ranked first in Canada and among the best in the world for water resources research USask's VIDO emerges as Canada's leader in vaccine development Ranked among the world’s best universities for sustainability and social impact With the Pack Located onTreaty 6 Territoryand theHomeland of the Métis We pay our respect to the First Nations and Métis ancestors of this place and reaffirm our relationship with one another. Our main campus is located in the vibrant city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and is recognized as one of the most beautiful in Canada. Campus Tours About USask Was this page helpful? Yes No What could make this page better? Thank you for helping us make the university website better. Your comment will be forwarded to the editor of this page. Please note that this form is not intended to provide customer service. If you need assistance, please contact us directly. Send feedback Dismiss A-ZSearchMapsJobsContactFollow on FacebookFollow on XFollow on YouTubeFollow on InstagramFollow on LinkedInFollow on FlickrBe What the World NeedsTHE CAMPAIGN FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF SASKATCHEWANTogether, we are addressing the world's greatest challenges. Join our ambitious vision for the future.University of SaskatchewanThe University of Saskatchewan's main campus is situated on Treaty 6 Territory and the Homeland of the Métis.© University of SaskatchewanDisclaimer|Privacy|Accessibility