Free Podcast Hosting - Buzzsprout Buzzsprout menu Features Pricing How to Start a Podcast Blog Buzzsprout Ads Log In Get Started Free Podcast Hosting Made Easy Easy and powerful tools, with free learning materials, and remarkable customer support. Get Started Free Last week, 2,908 people started a podcast with Buzzsprout. Easy and Powerful Tools Everything you need to have a successful podcast Reporting & Analytics Easy to understand stats Podcast Directories Get Listed Everywhere Monetization Tools Listener support and Buzzsprout Ads Publishing for Everyone Easily create and publish episodes Free Learning Materials With our free podcasting guides, video tutorials, podcasting courses, industry podcasts, and the Buzzsprout Podcast Community, you’ll have everything you need to create a successful podcast. Remarkable Customer Support Over 2,500 5-Star Reviews Top Customer Support Experience Pricing Switch All ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Everything about this service is fantastic! Buzzsprout has made it easy to host 300+ daily episodes. Ben ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Fantastic. I would definitely recommend. Easy to use, no nonsense, and a great way to get the WORD out ! The SLK podcast ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Buzzsprout makes podcasting so easy. Podcast hosting and distribution so easy, anyone could do it. Eva ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Really glad I chose Buzzsprout. They have highly responsive, helpful and supportive customer service. Mark K. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Excellent and genuine customer service. I highly recommend Buzzsprout for their careful attention to clients. Guilherme C. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The best podcast hosting platform. Full of innovations and the customer service is excellent. Welove2ski ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ The best of the best in podcasting platforms. Buzzsprout blows me away with their user-friendly podcasting experience Sarah D. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Excellent customer service. Excellent customer service and very easy to transition from Blubrry. Sam on Trust Pilot ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I could not be happier with my experience. User friendly site with lots of helpful suggestions and great customer care. Jeri R. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ A great package for a great price. Buzzsprout is an excellent podcast host and easy to use service. Rachel ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Great service, great price, great value. Can't say enough how much I appreciate every one of them! George ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Excellent service at a reasonable price. The best provider to help grow my podcast is Buzzsprout. Cora K. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Switched from Libsyn to Buzzsprout. Because Buzzsprout gives me so much more value in comparison. Billy D. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I’m glad I gave Buzzsprout a chance. I wasn’t going to at first, but now I will never switch. Sidney ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ I wouldn’t switch if someone paid me. We chose Buzzsprout and have been extremely satisfied! Wife’s Tales 96% Great Ratings over the last 30 days. Responded to0emails Helped 0customers Average wait 0minutes Trusted by over 120,000 podcasters Buzzsprout is the easiest way to get your podcast online and distributed to your listeners. Join over 120,000 active podcasters who trust Buzzsprout with their podcasts. Get Started Get your podcast listed in all of the top podcast directories Reach millions of listeners by having your podcast in Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Podcast Index, Google Podcasts, Amazon Music, iHeartRadio, Overcast, Podbean, Castbox, and many more. Amazon Music Overcast Spotify Apple Podcasts iHeartRadio Google Podcasts Buzzsprout for Mobile Your podcast companion anytime, anywhere. Whether you’re publishing an episode, celebrating a podcast milestone, or just fixing a typo, Buzzsprout is there to make podcasting easy. Android coming soon! Advanced Podcast Analytics Track your podcast's downloads with Buzzsprout's advanced podcast statistics. Filter by podcast episode, device type, date, podcast app, or location. Buzzsprout stats are IAB certified, and advanced analytics are included with all pricing plans. Tools to make your podcast look and sound amazing Visual Soundbites Create videos to share on social media to promote your podcast. Sound amazing withMagic Mastering It's like an Instagram filter for your audio. Magic Mastering uses advanced technology to automatically sweeten audio files and then optimize them to match industry best practices for spoken word or music-heavy productions. Podcast players If you already have a website, Buzzsprout offers an embeddable podcast player. There are options to create a player for a single podcast episode or a smart podcast player that updates with new episodes automatically. Players can be embedded with an iFrame, embed code, or with our intuitive WordPress plugin. Controls Skip forward, backward, or binge podcasts at 2x speed. Share Help your fans quickly share your episode on social media. Customize Create a podcast player that matches your unique brand. Make money podcasting Buzzsprout offers multiple paths to make money from your podcast. ✓ Offer exclusive content to paid subscribers with Buzzsprout Subscriptions ✓ Include product ads in your episodes with Buzzsprout Ads ✓ Receive donations and boosts with V4V ✓ Insert sponsorships into episodes using Dynamic Content Podcast Hosting Plans Buzzsprout's podcast hosting service works for everybody, from beginners to professional podcasters. Every plan includes: ✓ All-in-one podcast hosting site ✓ Customizable podcast website ✓ Unlimited team members ✓ Intuitive podcast players ✓ Advanced podcast statistics The free plan includes free podcast hosting for 90 days, and you can upgrade to a paid plan to host your episodes indefinitely. Paid plans include unlimited storage space for your back catalog and the option to upgrade to pro features like Magic Mastering or Cohost AI. Customizable podcast website Buzzsprout will help you create a beautiful podcast website. Every website is SEO optimized and includes podcast transcripts, your RSS Feed, and links to your show in the top podcast apps. Directory Links Links to your podcast in the most popular podcast apps. Customize Create a podcast website that matches your unique branding. Your Own Domain Put your website on your own custom URL. Start a podcast. Free for 90-days. Get Started Free Buzzsprout is certified by The Podcast Standards Project Buzzsprout is proud to be certified by The Podcast Standards Project, a grassroots industry coalition dedicated to creating standards and practices that improve the open podcasting ecosystem for both listeners and creators. Start a Podcast. Free for 90 Days! Buzzsprout Features Subscriptions Mobile Pricing Customer Reviews Move to Buzzsprout Creator Program Affiliate Program Sign Up Log In Resources How to Start a Podcast Blog What's New Platform Stats Wordpress Plugin Buzzsprout API Press Kit Help Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service DMCA