Welcome to The University of Texas at San Antonio | UTSA Skip to Content Search Bar Search UTSA Today myUTSA Search About Admissions Academics Research Campus Life Giving Athletics Alumni Visitors Career-Ready Starts Here Top-tier programs and real-world learning experiences Bold futures start here Join us for our 2024 signature event honoring one of San Antonio's early civil right leaders and Black business owners View events April 6 is our next UTSA Day Don't miss out on learning more about becoming a Roadrunner at our next open house Sign up today! Now is a great time to apply We are currently accepting applications for Summer and Fall 2024 and Spring 2025 Start your application today! Be a part of graduate research excellence Students work alongside award-winning faculty, tackling the challenges that impact our daily lives Explore graduate research Find your bold future at UTSA Undergraduate Majors Master's Degrees Doctoral Degrees Online Programs Request info Apply Visit What's new with UTSA? Read more stories UTSA researchers honored for medical industry impact Faculty members Karl Klose and Teja Guda have joined the National Academy of Inventors - a recognition of their innovative research and mentorship Learn more about their work Best places in San Antonio to experience the eclipse Professor Angela Speck discusses what the Alamo City can expect on April 8 - including the best locations in the city for fully experiencing the once-in-a-lifetime event More about the path of totality UTSA research expenditures reach record high Research activity is up 7.5% from 2022, marking the fourth consecutive year that expenditures exceeded $100 million More about our research enterprise Our future is boundless. What happens next is up to you. Join our journey DeterminedStudent success comes first UTSA prepares students for the careers of today and tomorrow, equipping them with the tools they need to change the world. Explore Student Success Resources 35K student enrollment 43% first-generation college students 1 in 10 UTSA undergrads go on to grad school 70% undergrads receiving financial aid Student Spotlight UTSA provided me with a research scholarship my freshman year. Joshua Chaj Ulloa '23 - Chemical Engineering #BirdsUp Social media is a great place to discover UTSA student stories, explore our vibrant campuses, and connect with the Roadrunner family. Join the conversation using the hashtag #BirdsUp. @UTSA Facebook @UTSA Twitter @UTSA YouTube @UTSA LinkedIn @UTSA Instagram @utsa @utsastudents @utsaathletics @utsa_studentu AudaciousModeling the future of higher education UTSA was founded with the promise of social mobility and opportunity for underserved Texans. Today, UTSA is setting the standard for educating students that reflect the demographic future of the United States. Discover UTSA’s Bold vision for the future FamiliaA Hispanic thriving university UTSA’s federal designation as a Hispanic Serving Institution (HSI) is only one part of our story. We are taking bold steps to go beyond our HSI designation to become an institution where Hispanic students thrive. Discover how we are supporting our Hispanic students #4 in the Nation for Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services education #9 in the Nation for granting undergraduate degrees to Hispanics #17 in the Nation for granting graduate degrees awarded to Hispanics #15 in the Nation highest Hispanic enrollment at US four-year institutions Connect with UTSA Alumni Stay connected to Roadrunner Nation through the Alumni Association About the Alumni Association Businesses & Corporations Explore the many ways your business can partner with UTSA Partner with UTSA San Antonio Community Discover how UTSA is partnering with our San Antonio’s cultural, business, research and educational communities. Our community efforts Research Partners Collaborate with a faculty researcher through one of UTSA's many specialized labs, center and institutes. Our research partners Donors Make a bold impact at UTSA through your financial support. Give now Find a faculty expert UTSA faculty can lend their expertise and insights on newsworthy topics and policymaking View our expert directory A Growing Research Powerhouse UTSA is a San Antonio's only Tier One research institution—an expanding hub of talent and resources that is driving economic growth and changing lives. Research activity continues to grow at the university, with expenditures hitting nearly $160M in 2023 – a record high and a 7.5% increase from the year before. See why UTSA is gaining a national reputation for research and transdisciplinary collaborations. More about our research CommunityDestination Downtown Anchoring the city’s technology corridor, the UTSA Downtown Campus is undergoing an expansion that shows promise for economic prosperity, urban revitalization and transdisciplinary discovery. See UTSA’s downtown growth InventiveTalent of Tomorrow UTSA is tackling the workforce talent vacuum to ensure our region and state remains competitive, providing the next generation of talent with the skills and connections they need to jumpstart their careers. Meet tomorrow’s change makers Your Goals. Your Future. Your Pace.Professional & Continuing Education Skill Building Bootcamps Professional Certifications Career Training Community Art Classes One UTSA Circle, San Antonio, TX 78249 210-458-4011 @UTSA Facebook @UTSA Twitter @UTSA YouTube @UTSA LinkedIn @UTSA Instagram Campus Map UTSA Today Jobs Emergency Response Guide Directory Report Fraud Title IX Reporting Sexual Harassment/Misconduct Policy ADA Resources Clery Information University Organization Roadrunner Remembrance Counseling/Mental Health CARES Act Reports & Disclosure Free Speech & Civil Discourse © 2023 The University of Texas at San Antonio Policies Web Accessibility Required Links UT System