Homepage | Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History Skip to main content Smithsonian Institution Main Menu Visit Exhibits Research Education Events About Join us Donate Search Search Close Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History Discover the Natural World Open seven days a week, 10 a.m. - 5:30 p.m., except Dec. 25 We're on the National Mall 10th St. & Constitution Ave. NW Washington, D.C. 20560 Free Admission Plan your visit We are open seven days a week Explore Our New Cellphone Exhibit What’s inside your cellphone? Explore its materials, meet some of the people who make it possible, and consider how your phone influences your life—and connects you to the natural world. Visit Featured Exhibitions Second floor | Temporary Exhibit Lights Out: Recovering Our Night Sky Second floor | Special Exhibit Cellphone: Unseen Connections FIRST FLOOR | EXHIBIT David H. Koch Hall of Fossils - Deep Time FOR FAMILIES The World & Me: Save a Spider! Bring your family and join us Saturday, March 9, for an early celebration of Save a Spider Day! See spider specimens up close, make observations at live tarantula feedings, talk with scientists, and create your own postcard with spider facts. Learn More Today's Events View more events 10:30 am Play Date at NMNH: Exploring Color with Rocks & Minerals 02:00 pm Ocean Topics Cart Chat VISITOR FAVORITE Butterfly Pavilion Stroll amid live butterflies and exotic plants in this tropical oasis. Learn More Understanding the Natural World and Our Place In It Education Research & Collections Exhibits Delve into the fascinating story of our planet, from its fiery beginnings through billions of years of transformation, and explore life on Earth through exhibitions and activities, collection objects and research that happens in the lab and in the field. Every object in our collection has a story Explore From Home See the science, stories, and geography of our Objects of Wonder exhibit from the comfort of your home (or classroom) with our new StoryMap. More Here During this time when educational resources are more important than ever, we are expanding our digital content and programming to provide them to you. Please help support our efforts to keep curious minds engaged and educated about the wonders of the natural world. Donate Follow Us Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Email powered by BlackBaud (Privacy Policy, Terms of Use) Facebook Twitter Instagram Donate 1000 Madison Drive NW Washington, D.C. 20560 Free admission. Open every day except Dec. 25 from 10 AM to 5:30 PM Home Smithsonian Institution Terms of Use Privacy Policy Host an Event Jobs Press Blog Contact Us