Health And Social Care Policy, Leadership Development And Events | The King's Fund Skip to content The King's Fund - Home page Menu Insight and analysis Back to Main Menu Insight and analysis Explore our independent insight and analysis of health and care in England. Explore - Insight and analysis Reports Explainers Blogs Podcasts Animations Long reads Data and charts Press releases Projects Videos Briefings Evidence and consultations Events Leadership development Work with us About us Website search Search term Submit search Search Panel Search Panel Search the website Search term Search Trending Trending Mental health 360 Our general election priorities Health and care explained event Leadership for Population Health Course GSK IMPACT Awards Ideas that change health and care The King's Fund is an independent charitable organisation working to improve health and care in England Latest Tuesday 5 March 2024 Project 2024 GSK IMPACT Award winners Congratulations go to the ten charities that have won 2024 GSK IMPACT Awards for their outstanding contributions to improving the UK’s health and wellbeing. 5 March 2024 Podcast Amanda Smith et al Patients and the public Black maternal health care and community groups: building trust and bridging gaps How are community groups bridging some of the gaps between Black mothers and health and care services? What can the health and care system learn in response? 28 February 2024 31-minute listen Blog Policy, finance and performance Thoughts on the NHS’s productivity decline NHS productivity reviews are a tough nut to crack but are they asking the right question? Siva Anandaciva asks whether the focus should be on waste instead. 28 February 2024 4-minute read Weekly update newsletter Subscribe for a weekly round-up of our latest news and content. Sign up Explainer Making sense of the health and care system The English health and care system can be confusing and complex. Our work explains and explores the system, how it works, and how it's changing. Find out more Course Emerging Clinical Leaders A training programme aimed at clinicians leading others who are ready to take their first step into a more senior leadership role. Aimed at doctors, junior consultants, senior nurses and other health care professionals (band 7 and above). Find out more Event Integrated care summit 2024 Join us in London for a day of sessions exploring how integrated care is working across England and the challenges its facing. There's also the chance to get part in interactive sessions with out leadership consultants. Book your ticket The King's Fund site-wide information The King's Fund - Home page The King's Fund is an independent charitable organisation working to improve health and care in England. About us Contact us Careers Venue hire Our people X LinkedIn YouTube Facebook Weekly update delivered to your inbox Subscribe for a weekly round-up of our latest news and content. Subscribe now Privacy notice and cookies Accessibility Terms and conditions Comments policy Copyright © The King's Fund 2024 Registered charity: 1126980 Website by Reason Digital