Extension at the University of Minnesota Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer University of Minnesota Extensionextension.umn.edu Toggle navigation Menu Learn About Animals and livestock Community development Crop production Families and youth Food, health and nutrition Fruit and vegetable farming Home and financial management Insects Managing a farm Natural resources Water Yard and garden Courses and events Connect Community consultation Customized education Give Regional Partnerships Rural stress initiative Volunteer 4-H About About Extension Global initiatives Local offices News and highlights Careers Contact us Extension at the University of Minnesota 4-H Ambassadors Minnesota 4-H teens can apply to participate locally, statewide or for a specific project area. Find 4-H Ambassador opportunities News All news Arrow pointing to the right. March 4, 2024 Master Gardener seed trials give their best picks Master Gardeners conducted trials seeking the best varieties of mustard greens, sauce tomatoes, pink cleome, purple and red basil, small watermelons, green pole beans, red carrots and butter daisies. February 27, 2024 Dairy Margin Coverage for 2024 The last day for dairy farmers to enroll in the Dairy Margin Coverage (DMC) for 2024 with their local Farm Service Agency (FSA) office is April 29. February 27, 2024 What does it mean to "deepen impact"? How do we deepen the impact of community-university partnerships in rural Minnesota? RSDP set out to answer that question with a pilot program focused on supporting community-led projects. February 21, 2024 A closer look at assisted migration and invasive species Are trees moved through assisted migration considered invasive species? Climate change has experts rethinking boundaries and definitions. Upcoming courses and events View all events Arrow pointing to the right. Mar 5 Master Naturalist instructor training 9:30 a.m. - 5 p.m. The Bell Museum Mar 8 Multi-generational farm transition retreat - St. Cloud Mar 13 Good Agricultural Practices (GAPs) online training 9 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Webinar Mar 14 Prairie restorations and climate mitigation 12 - 1 p.m. Webinar series Mar 20 Blooms and beyond: Flower farmer stories 1 - 2:30 p.m. Webinar series Mar 21 Can you grow a monster melon? This is a statewide activity that can be done anywhere all summer long. Search ExtensionFind useful science-based information, sign up for a course, volunteer for an Extension program, or connect with researchers and educators. Connect with Extension Contact | 612-624-1222 | mnext@umn.edu Facebook profile LinkedIn profile Accessibility At Extension, we strive to make our website accessible to all. The W3C Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1, level AA, serve as the Web accessibility standards for the University of Minnesota. This website is available in English and Spanish. Select LanguageEnglishSpanish © 2024 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Report Web Disability-Related Issue | Privacy Statement | Staff intranet