Zoo Atlanta - Conservation in Action - So much to do at your Zoo! Zoo Atlanta will close early on Sunday, March 10 for a Zoo team member event. Gates will close at 2 p.m., grounds will close at 3:30 p.m. Search Generic filters Exact matches only Donate Tickets Membership Visit Create an Itinerary Experiences Events Groups Zoo Map Support Donate Corporate Giving Individual Giving Volunteer Opportunities Learn Adults Parents, Kids and Families Teachers Schools and Groups Animals Conservation Research Plan an Event Panda Cam Search Visit Visit Home Zoo Map Experiences Create an Itinerary Events Groups Support Support Home Donate Individual Giving Corporate Giving Volunteer Opportunities Beastly Feast Gala Learn Learn Home Teachers Parents, Kids and Families Teens Adults Schools and Groups Animals Conservation Research Plan an Event Panda Cam Search Today 9:00 am - 5:00 pm LAST ADMISSION 03:30 pm Before You Go > Donate Tickets Membership Tickets Map Your Visit How do we (and you!) support giant panda conservation? We have contributed more than $16 million toward research, nature reserve management, reforestation and more. Read more It's a girl! Read more on the latest milestone for the first southern white rhino calf ever born at Zoo Atlanta. Learn more New arrivals Our Zoo Atlanta animal family continues to grow with a bevy of births and exciting new arrivals! See the new arrivals What's happening in 2024? Learn more about the Rollins Animal Health Center and other updates in our recent Conservation Blog. Read more Safari Camp: Spring Break Spend your school break learning about wildlife. Campers will learn about the biology and behaviors of amazing creatures, the problems many animals face in the wild, and ways to help wildlife and wild habitats. Register now Virtual Run Like Wild 5K Tickets include a T-shirt and race medal. Giant panda friends and fans are everywhere, and you’re encouraged to join us from wherever you are! Run with us virtually from home or on your own trail. Register to run Twilight Trek Explore the Zoo after dark! Use night-vision technology, search for animals that you wouldn’t normally see during the daylight hours, and enjoy special activities that vary from season to season. Book a program Sightseeing Offer Tour Atlanta at a discount! Save 42% off Atlanta’s top 5 attractions, including Zoo Atlanta, with Atlanta CityPASS®. One easy purchase and mobile ticket delivery saves you time and money. Buy Now A Zoo Atlanta Membership pays for itself in 2 visits! Buy Now News & Stories Read More Animal Science January 24, 2024 Do turtles play? Hi Everyone! It’s Dr. Joe Mendelson, the Director of Research here at Zoo Atlanta, and today we’re talking about some... Read More Read More Conservation February 7, 2024 Springing into action for native wildlife It’s a lovely morning at the Zoo. Although there’s still a chill in the air, I can feel the promise... Read More Read More Keeper Stories February 20, 2024 The timber rattlesnake: a majestic native species Hello everyone, my name is Evan, and I’m a new Herpetology Keeper here at Zoo Atlanta. I recently moved to... Read More Read More Zoo News March 1, 2024 RESERVATIONS NOW OPEN FOR MOTHER’S DAY BRUNCH There’s no one in the world like Mom, and her Mother’s Day experience should be as one-of-a-kind as she is.... Read More Connect With Your Wild Side #onlyzooatl About Site Map Careers Privacy Policy Press Room News & Stories Location Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube TikTok LinkedIn Zoo Atlanta is a member of: OUR MERITS: © 2024 Atlanta-Fulton County Zoo, Inc. All rights Reserved. 800 Cherokee Avenue SE, Atlanta GA 30315 • 404-624-9453 (WILD) Site by Sol. Stay in the loop: Email(Required) I'm interested in... Bi-weekly Newsletter Educator Newsletter Kids and Family Programs Over 21 Events Δ