TerraCycle Recycle the unrecyclable with TerraCycle® Most popular Recycle at home Recycle at school Recycle in-store New programs Most popular The Gold Bond®, ACT®, and Cortizone-10® Free Recycling Program Takis® Snacks Free Recycling Program All brands accepted Cigarette Waste Free Recycling Program All brands accepted Taco Bell® Sauce Container US Free Recycling Program Multiple ways to recycle Gerber® Free Recycling Program All-In-One - Zero Waste Box™ Plastic Packaging - Zero Waste Box™ Recycle at home Bimbo Bakeries USA Free Recycling Program Dunkin'® Coffee Bag Free Recycling Program ARM & HAMMER™ and OxiClean™ Free Recycling Program New Firefly® Free Recycling Program New GOLDTOE® Socks Free Recycling Program Kitchen Separation - Zero Waste Box™ Plastic Packaging - Zero Waste Box™ Recycle at school Entenmann's Little Bites® Pouch Free Recycling Program Babybel® Free Recycling Program VTech® & LeapFrog® Toys Free Recycling Program Aussie Free Recycling Program Spin Master Free Recycling Program Pens, Pencils and Markers - Zero Waste Box™ Recycle in-store Join as private collector Earthborn Holistic® Free Recycling Program Rip Curl Wetsuit Recycling Program All brands accepted L'Occitane Free Recycling Program All brands accepted Nordstrom BEAUTYCYCLE Find a drop-off Subaru Free Recycling Program New Pet Supplies Plus and Wag N' Wash Free Recycling Program Safety Equipment and Protective Gear - Zero Waste Box™ New programs New good2grow™ Character Top Free Recycling Program New Benebone Free Recycling Program New Clear Blue Smiles™ Free Recycling Program New Pet Supplies Plus and Wag N' Wash Free Recycling Program New Palmolive Refill Free Recycling Program New Peterson Farms Treats® Applesauce Pouch Free Recycling Program New SodaStream® Free Recycling Program View all programs What’s new? There’s always a lot happening at TerraCycle! You’ll find what you need to know here, whether it’s the announcement of a new recycling program, our latest sustainability tips, or a media story you may have missed. Looking for affordable recycling on the go?✨ Wherever you are, Zero Waste Pouches can help you recycle hard-to-recycle trash in smaller quantities, all with the same convenience of a Zero Waste Box! Shop now As seen on Good Morning America! See our recycling process in action! Keep well-loved toys and so much more out of landfills and incinerators by recycling with TerraCycle. Watch now Recycle and fundraise with TerraCycle! Fundraising for your school is as easy as sending us your hard-to-recycle trash! Sign up today and we’ll give you $5 to get started. Learn more Make your community beautiful! Help us clean up and recycle cigarette waste. Sign up now Tell your stylist about SalonCycle Salon recycling made simple; your stylist can “go green”, recycling used salon products and materials, making the future more beautiful for people and the planet. Learn more Show more... Show less How we’re Eliminating the Idea of Waste® Sponsored recycling programs Explore free recycling programs sponsored by your favorite brands and retailers. See All Free Programs Zero Waste Box™ It’s easy to #RecycleEverything with our paid recycling solutions. Learn More TerraCycle Made Shop products made from the trash we’ve recycled together. Shop Now Loop A new way to shop, waste-free. Get the products you love in reusable packaging. Learn More Get to know TerraCycle At TerraCycle, we believe there should be no such thing as waste. We’ve been finding new solutions and new uses for our trash for over 20 years. Together, we’re keeping valuable materials out of our landfills and environment, and Eliminating the Idea of Waste. Learn about us We are the most innovative waste management company on earth. We operate in over 20 countries, engage over 200 million people, and recycle billions of pieces of trash through our various platforms annually. Learn more Positive impact We put the planet first. By advocating for less consumption and helping companies make their products reusable or locally recyclable, we’re working toward a future in which our recycling programs are no longer needed. Learn more Our recycling process Through our sophisticated research and development process, we invent solutions to recycle the unrecyclable. We execute these solutions to precise, best-in-class standards and perform audits to hold ourselves accountable. Learn more TerraCycle Global Foundation The TerraCycle Global Foundation fights ocean plastic at the source. Working closely with local communities in regions with heavily-polluted waterways, we design river waste prevention, collection, and recycling solutions. Learn More Corporate Partnership Opportunities No matter the size of your organization, we have turnkey solutions to help you recycle anything, integrate recycled content into your products, shift to reusables, and much more. Learn More Recycle anything Engage consumers and build brand value by sponsoring a national recycling program for your products and packaging.​For offices and facilities, we also offer bulk solutions for recycling everything from coffee capsules and PPE to regulated waste. Our programs range from mailback to pickup, offering customizable solutions that can be easily adapted to fit your needs.Learn more about TerraCycle recycling solutions. Create products with recycled material We develop custom supply chains to collect and process unique recycled materials that tell a story (from beach plastic to festival waste and more) for integration in your brand’s primary packaging. From there, our team works with you to leverage this story to generate sales lifts, incremental display space, positive earned media placements, and marketing buzz.Learn more about TerraCycle recycled material. Shift to reusables Transform your disposable packaging into durable, reusable alternatives with Loop. A TerraCycle innovation, Loop is a reuse platform that enables our partners–from the world’s largest consumer brands to the newest start-ups–to rethink and design out of disposability while maintaining convenience and affordability.Learn more about Loop. Integrate innovation Would you like to find out if your products can, at their end of life, deliver useful health and wellness insights for your consumers? Analyzing human, household, animal, and mechanical samples left on products and packaging before recycling can help customers lead more informed and healthier lives with added insights.Learn more about TerraCycle Discovery.