FOIA.gov - Freedom of Information Act Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock (LockA locked padlock) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. Menu FOIA.gov Thank you for visiting FOIA.gov, the government’s central website for FOIA. We’ll continue to make improvements to the site and look forward to your input. Please submit feedback to National.FOIAPortal@usdoj.gov. Learn about FOIA What is FOIA? How to make a FOIA request Frequently asked questions Freedom of Information Act Statute FOIA en Español Before you request Search government websites Research Additional government resources Search tool Use our search tool How it works Create a request Agency FOIA data Overview Annual data Quarterly data CFO Council Overview and Meetings Technology Committee Committee On Cross-Agency Collaboration and Innovation Agency login The basic function of the Freedom of Information Act is to ensure informed citizens, vital to the functioning of a democratic society. This site can help you determine if filing a FOIA request is the best option for you and help you create your request when you’re ready. Start your FOIA journey Learn about the FOIA process Use our search tool to find public records or the correct agency Start a request with a specific agency Do research and determine if you need to make a FOIA request, then get ready. Do research before you request Before making a request, first see if the information is already publicly available. You can find a lot of useful information on individual agency websites and you can also search across the government for information. If the information you want is not publicly available, you can submit a FOIA request. Identify the right agency It’s important that you identify the correct agency for your request. There are over 100 agencies and each is responsible for handling its own FOIA requests. You can use our search tool to help you identify the correct place to find the information you seek. You may also search for a specific agency here. What happens next The agency will typically first search for the records and then review them to determine what can be disclosed. While FOIA allows for many records to be released, there are also nine exemptions that protect certain types of information, such as personal privacy and law enforcement interests. The length of time to respond to your request will vary depending on its complexity and any backlog of requests. FOIA.gov Contact Office of Information Policy (OIP) U.S. Department of Justice 441 G St, NW, 6th Floor Washington, DC 20530 E-mail: National.FOIAPortal@usdoj.gov Hero image credit CC3.0 Frequently Asked Questions Developer Resources Agency API Spec FOIA Contact Download FOIA Dataset Download Accessibility Privacy policy Policies & disclaimers Justice.gov USA.gov Return to top Glossary Hide glossary Glossary Filter glossary terms