PCAOB | Driving improvement in audit quality to protect investors Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Internet Explorer is no longer supported. Please select a current browser such as Chrome, Edge, or Firefox. CareersSubscribe Search Toggle Toggle Menu About The Board Senior Staff Mission, Vision, and Values Strategic Plan & Annual Budget Annual Report Rules & Rulemaking Rules of the Board Rulemaking Docket Accounting Support Fee Advisory Groups Investor Advisory Group Standards and Emerging Issues Advisory Group Archive - Advisory Groups Working Groups and Task Forces Technology Innovation Alliance Working Group PCAOB Scholars Program Internal Oversight Contact the PCAOB Oversight Standards Auditing Standards Attestation Standards Ethics & Independence Rules Quality Control Standards Auditing Interpretations Standard-Setting, Research, and Rulemaking Projects Implementation Resources for PCAOB Standards and Rules Staff Guidance Archived Standards and Guidance Economic Analysis Post-Implementation Review Inspections Firm Inspection Reports Inspection Procedures Basics of Inspections Remediation Inspections of Non-U.S. Firms Inspections-Related Board Reports and Statements Enforcement Enforcement Actions Tips and Referrals Updated PCAOB Staff Considerations on Recommending the Identification of Issuers and/or Broker-Dealers in Settled Enforcement Orders International PCAOB Cooperative Arrangements with Non-U.S. Regulators Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act The International Forum of Independent Audit Regulators and Other International Organizations​ Registration Registration and Reporting Resources Application Fees Annual Fee Registered Firms Global Network Firms Registration Disapproval Notices Resources AuditorSearch Information for Auditors Information for Auditors of Broker-Dealers Information for Investors Investor Advisories and Bulletins Meet the Investor Advocate Information for Audit Committees Resources for Audit Committees Information for Academics Publications and Working Papers Information for Preparers Other Research Projects Staff Publications News & Events News Releases Speeches and Statements Events Conference on Auditing and Capital Markets PCAOB International Institute on Audit Regulation Small Business and Broker-Dealer Forums Search Toggle Site SearchAuditorSearch℠ Driving improvement in audit quality to protect investors The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board oversees the audits of public companies and SEC-registered brokers and dealers. Learn more about the PCAOB Information for: Auditors Investors Audit Committees Academics Preparers Site Search AuditorSearch℠ Featured Feb. 7, 2024 The PCAOB has announced the 2024 new, reappointed, and continuing members of its advisory groups. About the PCAOB Read more Nov. 30, 2023 Imposing $7.9 million in fines, the PCAOB has sanctioned three China-based firms and four individuals in historic settlements. Enforcement Read more Your Tips Help the PCAOB Protect Investors How can you play a role in helping to protect investors? The public can play a critical role in our enforcement efforts by letting us know when they see something amiss.PCAOB Chair Erica Y. Williams explains the different ways you can send tips to the PCAOB. Watch our video to see what types of information are useful to the PCAOB.Learn more about Tips and Referrals Recent UpdatesSee All Updates > Mar. 5, 2024 The PCAOB has sanctioned Gries & Associates for deficient audit work that preceded multiple financial restatements. Enforcement Read more Mar. 4, 2024 The PCAOB announced the participants taking part in its March 6, 2024, public virtual roundtable regarding the PCAOB’s proposal on noncompliance with laws and regulations. The proposal’s comment period is also reopened through March 18, 2024. Standards Read more Enforcement Actions More Information Registered Firms More Information Firm Inspection Reports More Information Auditing Standards More Information Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) About Submit a Tip Oversight Comment Now Resources AuditorSearch News Register Contact the PCAOB Firm Filings PCAOB Careers Subscribe to our Newsletter * indicates required Email address * I identify myself as a(n): * Select one... Audit Committee Member Auditor Investor Media Preparer Other What type of updates would you like to receive? * All PCAOB Updates Communications to Audit Committee Members Communications to Auditors Communications to Investors Inspection Reports Enforcement Orders News Releases, Speeches, and Statements Subscribe Copyright © 2003-2023 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | Sitemap