Accenture | Singapore | Let There Be Change Skip to main content Skip to footer Menu Accenture Accenture Close Menu What we do Back Capabilities Capabilities Cloud Cybersecurity Data & Artificial Intelligence Digital Engineering & Manufacturing Emerging Technology Enterprise Platforms Finance & Risk Management Marketing & Experience Metaverse Sales & Commerce Strategic Managed Services Strategy Supply Chain Sustainability Talent & Organization Technology Transformation Industries Industries Aerospace & Defense Automotive Banking Capital Markets Chemicals Communications & Media Consumer Goods & Services Energy Health High Tech Industrial Insurance Life Sciences Natural Resources Public Service Retail Software & Platforms Travel Utilities What we think Who we are Back Who we are Our organization Our organization Leaders Locations 360° Value Reporting Media & Investors Media & Investors Media Relations Investor Relations Join us Back Careers Home Find a job Find a job Search all jobs Experienced professionals Students & graduates Executive leaders Explore jobs Explore jobs Search jobs by areas of expertise Consulting jobs Corporate jobs Digital jobs Operations jobs Strategy jobs Applied intelligence jobs Cloud jobs Cybersecurity jobs Industry X jobs SAP jobs Technology architects jobs Technology jobs Life at Accenture Life at Accenture Careers blog Rewards & benefits Work environment Training & development Contact Us Careers Locations linkedin facebook instagram Search Singapore Current Country: United States Default (English) All COUNTRIES & LANGUAGES Argentina (Spanish) Australia (English) Austria (German) Belgium (English) Brazil (Portuguese) Bulgaria (English) Canada (English) Canada (French) Chile (Spanish) China/Hong Kong SAR (English) China/Mainland (Chinese) China/Mainland (English) Colombia (Spanish) Costa Rica (English) Czech Republic (English) Denmark (English) Finland (English) France (French) Germany (German) Greece (English) Hungary (English) India (English) Indonesia (English) Ireland (English) Israel (English) Italy (Italian) Japan (Japanese) Latvia (English) Luxembourg (English) Malaysia (English) Mauritius (English) Mexico (Spanish) Morocco (English) Netherlands (English) New Zealand (English) Norway (English) Philippines (English) Poland (English) Poland (Polish) Portugal (Portuguese) Romania (English) Saudi Arabia (English) Singapore (English) Slovakia (English) South Africa (English) Spain (Spanish) Sweden (English) Switzerland (English) Thailand (English) UAE (English) United Kingdom (English) USA (English) Reinvent What Your Business Could Be Close Research Report Risk is everywhere Risk is everywhere and companies need to create a new risk mindset and capabilities across the enterprise. This pivot is critical for turning hyper-disruption into opportunities for business resilience and growth. Expand Close Research Report From survive to thrive: Achieving tech transformation for CSPs’ future By focusing on new opportunities provided by cloud, data and AI, CSPs can accelerate their legacy technology transformation to resolve tech debt and position themselves for new product and service growth. Expand Close Event MWC Barcelona 2024 February 26 – 29, 2024 Fira Barcelona Gran Via At MWC Barcelona 2024, we're empowering global leaders to leverage growth enablers like generative AI and ecosystems to operate with efficiency, accelerate innovation, and scale effectively while meeting the demands of the connected world. Expand Close Perspective Supply chain networks in the age of generative AI Generative AI promises a radical reinvention of work. And it’s opening up a new world of possibility for supply chain leaders. Here’s how CSCOs can turn this technology’s immense potential into higher business performance. Expand Close Research Report Work, workforce, workers: Reinvented in the age of generative AI Gen AI will transform entire value chains—and the very nature of work itself. Leaders need to lead and learn in new ways to drive business performance and more productive, creative and meaningful work for everyone. Expand Close Case Study BMW puts generative AI in the driver’s seat Together, BMW and Accenture developed a GenAI platform that converts enterprise data into real-time insights. Expand Close Research Report Reinvention in the age of generative AI Five imperatives the C-suite must address to reinvent in the age of generative AI. Expand Close Research Report Technology Vision 2024 Technology is becoming more human: intuitive, with human-like intelligence, and easy to integrate across our lives. The organizations who adopt and refine this emerging tech today will be poised for success tomorrow. Expand Carousel slider control 360 Value Every day, we embrace change and create value for all our stakeholders, in every part of the world. Play Pause Previous Next The metaverse meets public good The World Economic Forum, Accenture and Microsoft have built a purpose-driven platform in the metaverse to drive action and cooperation and to revolutionize progress. Read more Cybersecurity in orbit As outer space gets more crowded and contested, QuSecure is protecting communications and data transmission with the agility required for the world of post-quantum computing. Read more Generative AI transforming customer service Sifting through thousands of emails daily is tedious work, but generative AI makes it easy. A multinational bank is using generative AI to quickly process and respond to client emails used for the settling, asset servicing and reconciliation of trades – normally a massive manual task. It directs emails to the right teams and drafts responses for employees to check. The result? Faster and more enjoyable customer service, a boost in worker efficiency and more cost-effective operations. Read more Mondelēz International’s Data and AI Transformation The global snacking giant is laying a tasty foundation for reinvention and growth. Accenture is helping Mondelēz International to embrace the power of data and AI, build a strong digital core and implement interoperable cloud-enabled technology. Read more Creating a sense of belonging A global retailer and Accenture co-created a multiyear inclusion and diversity strategy to facilitate a greater sense of belonging for their people. Read more Egg gives electric vehicle charging a jolt Seeking sustainability, more people are buying electric vehicles. To keep them powered up, Liberty Global and Accenture developed Egg, a renewable energy brand that makes installing home EV chargers easy and affordable. Read more Reimagining Saudi Arabia’s economy In just five years, the Saudi Data and Artificial Intelligence Authority, in partnership with Accenture, has built a strong foundation for a globally competitive, data- and AI-driven economy. Read more Global recognition and awards Toggle awards card detail view We’re one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies We are celebrating our 22nd consecutive year on the list and 11th consecutive year as No. 1 in IT Services. Expand Toggle awards card detail view ...a top 10 Great Place to Work® A great place to work takes all of us. Thank you to our people everywhere who helped us jump to #10 on the World's Best Workplaces™ list. Expand Toggle awards card detail view …and, among Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies For 16 consecutive years, we have been recognized for operating with integrity in everything we do. Expand Our culture We combine technology with human ingenuity to solve some of the world's biggest challenges. When you work with us, the possibilities are endless. Join us Accenture news Play Pause 2024 January 08 Accenture to Expand Network of Generative AI Studios Across Asia Pacific and Latin America 2023 December 19 Accenture Reports First-Quarter Fiscal 2024 Results 2023 November 13 Vodafone Announces Strategic Partnership with Accenture to Accelerate the Commercialization of its Shared Operations Carousel slider control Let there be change Preference Center Careers About Us Contact Us Locations Sitemap Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy/Settings Accessibility Statement © 2024 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.