FactCheck.org - A Project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center Facebook Twitter Tumblr Close Skip to main content FactCheck.org® A Project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center FactCheck.org® Home Articles Featured Posts FactCheck Posts SciCheck En Español 2024 elections Players Guide 2024 Debunking Viral Claims Ask a Question Ask FactCheck Ask SciCheck Donate Topics President Biden Donald Trump View all presidential candidates health Coronavirus immigration climate change View All About Us Our Mission Our Process Our Funding Our Staff Undergraduate Fellows Awards Request a Correction Contact Us Search More Viral Claims Subscribe Instagram Twitter Facebook FactCheck On the Air Mailbag Breaking Down the Immigration Figures Trump Repeats Many Claims in Fox News Town Hall CDC, Experts Say Fluoridated Water Is Safe, Contrary to RFK Jr.’s Warnings Indictment of FBI Informant Undermines Centerpiece of GOP’s Impeachment Case Trump’s Distorted NATO ‘Delinquent’ Comments Previous Next Role of Illinois Circuit Court Judge Misrepresented in Post About Trump’s Removal from Ballot March 4, 2024 The Supreme Court ruled that states may not remove former President Donald Trump from primary ballots based on the Constitution’s insurrection clause. A few days before the ruling, an Instagram post claimed a “traffic court judge” had ruled Trump shouldn’t appear on Illinois’ ballot — misrepresenting Tracie Porter’s role as an Illinois circuit court judge. Blood Donations from COVID-19 Vaccine Recipients Are Safe, Contrary to Online Claims March 1, 2024 People vaccinated with an authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine can donate blood immediately after receiving a shot if they’re feeling well. Social media posts distort a question from the American Red Cross to baselessly claim the vaccines are unsafe. Posts Misrepresent Rescue of Crew from Ship Attacked by Houthis February 28, 2024 A missile fired by Yemen’s Houthi militants damaged a British-owned cargo ship on the Red Sea on Feb. 18 and forced its crew to evacuate. Some social media posts falsely claimed the Houthis “made sure to rescue” the 24-member crew. U.S. Central Command said the crew was rescued by a “coalition warship along with another merchant vessel.” Breaking Down the Immigration Figures February 27, 2024 Encounters on the southern border of those trying to enter the U.S. without authorization have gone up significantly under President Joe Biden. Government statistics show that in the initial processing of millions of encounters, 2.5 million people have been released into the U.S. and 2.8 million have been removed or expelled. Study Largely Confirms Known, Rare COVID-19 Vaccine Side Effects February 27, 2024 An international study of around 99 million people confirmed known serious side effects of COVID-19 vaccination. It also identified a possible relationship between the first dose of the Moderna vaccine and a small risk of a neurological condition. Social media posts about the study left out information on the vaccines’ benefits and the rarity of the side effects. Posts Mislead About COVID-19 Vaccine Safety With Out-of-Context Clip of FDA Official February 23, 2024 Given the extra scrutiny and large number of doses, reports of possible side effects to a vaccine safety monitoring system increased with the COVID-19 vaccines. The high number of reports does not mean the vaccines are unsafe, contrary to suggestions made by posts sharing a clip of a Food and Drug Administration official acknowledging the surge. Posts Use Bogus Document to Falsely Claim Zelenskyy Plans Move to Florida February 22, 2024 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has traveled throughout the world seeking support for Ukraine’s effort to resist Russia’s invasion, but he has always returned to his war-torn country. Some social media posts — showing a fake naturalization document — falsely claim preparations are underway to bring him to the United States. Trump Repeats Many Claims in Fox News Town Hall February 21, 2024 In a Feb. 20 town hall in South Carolina that aired on Fox News, days before the state’s Republican primary, former President Donald Trump repeated several false and misleading claims we’ve fact-checked before. Trump Ad Misleads on Haley Opposition to Trump Border Policies February 21, 2024 A new campaign ad from former President Donald Trump makes two misleading claims about Nikki Haley’s opposition to border policies championed by Trump. IRS Has Not Introduced Immigrant Housing Tax Incentive, Contrary to Posts February 21, 2024 The IRS has not introduced a tax incentive for U.S. families to house immigrants in exchange for labor. A bogus claim that was originally posted as satire is circulating on social media without a disclaimer. 1 2 3 »Next page 396 Ask SciCheck Q: Are electric cars really better for the environment than gasoline-powered cars over their lifetimes? A: Yes. Electric vehicles typically release fewer greenhouse gas emissions than internal combustion engine vehicles during their life cycles, even after accounting for the increased energy required to make their batteries. And their carbon footprints are expected to get smaller in the near future. Read the full question and answer View the Ask SciCheck archivesHave a question? Ask us. Donate Now Because facts matter. SciCheck's COVID-19/Vaccination Project Preempting and exposing vaccination and COVID-19 misinformation. Proyecto de Vacunación/COVID-19 Precaviendo y exponiendo la desinformación sobre el COVID-19 y sus vacunas SciCheck Fact-checking science-based claims. Facebook Initiative Debunking viral claims. Players Guide 2024 The special interest groups behind the TV ads. Viral Spiral Don’t get spun by internet rumors. Sign Up Get free email alerts. Mailbag Letters from our readers. On the Air Our staff on TV and radio. NewsFeed Defenders A media literacy game to detect misinformation. Archives Privacy Copyright Policy Contact Us Report Accessibility Issues and Get Help © Copyright 2024 FactCheck.org ®A Project of The Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania