Ancient Origins | Reconstructing the story of humanity's past Skip to main content User menu AboutAbout us Meet the Team In the Media User Rewards Member Rewards Expeditions Site Map Membership Site Submissions Login Register Links MediaGallery Videos BooksBook Reviews Recommended Books EventsEvents Forums Contact Tours Membership Menu User Menu News Human Origins History Artifacts Myths Places Unexplained Weird Facts Forums About Submissions Premium App Tours Ancestry DNA Free Ebooks Magazine Videos Shop Courses Login Register FREE Premium Membership Contact Tours Premium App Ancestry DNA Free EBooks Magazine Greek Mythology Norse Mythology Ancient Egypt Ancient Rome Ancient Mesopotamia All All Artifacts -Ancient Technology -Ancient Writings -Other ArtifactsNews -General -History & Archaeology -Science & Space -Evolution & Human Origins -Mysterious PhenomenaHuman Origins -Science -Religions -FolkloreMyths & Legends -Europe -Asia -Americas -Australia -Africa -AntarcticaAncient Places -Europe -Asia -Americas -Australia & Oceania -Africa -AntarcticaUnexplained PhenomenaWeird FactsVideosOpinion -Guest Authors -Editorials -Letters to the Editor -Author ProfilesHistory -Ancient Traditions -Important Events -Famous PeoplePremium -Preview -Subscribe NewsGeneral History & Archaeology Science & Space Evolution & Human Origins Mysterious Phenomena OriginsScience Religions Folklore HistoryAncient Traditions Famous People Important Events ArtifactsAncient Technology Ancient Writings Other Artifacts MythsEurope Asia Americas Australia Africa PlacesEurope Asia Americas Australia & Oceania Africa Antarctica Unexplained Weird Facts PremiumPreview Subscribe SHOP Courses News General History & Archaeology Science & Space Evolution & Human Origins Mysterious Phenomena Breaking News Gold-Filled Tomb of Pre-Hispanic Lord Unearthed in Panama The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange Proof Ancient Mesoamericans Drank Sacred Tobacco-Infused Liquids is Found Home Articles Gold-Filled Tomb of Pre-Hispanic Lord Unearthed in Panama How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) Still Searching For Aztec Montezuma’s Lost Treasure The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange Decoding the Enigma of the Shroud of Turin (Video) Sign Up for PremiumAds-FREE Content Active forum topics technical problem Which Culture Sparks Your Curiosity? Please introduce yourself The Babel Texts The Kolbrin Fairy Rings, Stonehenge and Gravity Vortices More Greek Mythology Norse Mythology Ancient Egypt Ancient Rome Ancient Mesopotamia Suggested Books PARTNERS Latest News All the latest news on finds, advancements, and research in archaeology and ancient history, from the No 1 Ancient History website in the world News General History & Archaeology Science & Space Evolution & Human Origins Mysterious Phenomena 5 March, 2024 - 13:45 Gary Manners Gold-Filled Tomb of Pre-Hispanic Lord Unearthed in Panama For gold lovers, it doesn’t get much better than this discovery at the archaeological park of El Caño in Panama. Archaeologists have unveiled the tomb of an esteemed Coclé lord from the pre-Hispanic... Read Later Read more about Gold-Filled Tomb of Pre-Hispanic Lord Unearthed in Panama 4 March, 2024 - 23:31 Robbie Mitchell How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) The emergence of fire mastery represents a transformative juncture in human development, potentially initiated by early hominins like Homo erectus around 1.6 million years ago . Although the precise... Read Later Read more about How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) 4 March, 2024 - 22:30 jim willis Still Searching For Aztec Montezuma’s Lost Treasure The missing gold of Montezuma, ninth Emperor of the Aztec Empire was buried by the Aztecs, the Utes protected it, the Spanish killed for it, and the Mormons looted it, but is the bulk of it still out... Read Later Read more about Still Searching For Aztec Montezuma’s Lost Treasure 4 March, 2024 - 21:50 ancient-origins The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange Tom Almeroth-Williams /University of Cambridge The identification of an eleventh century Islamic astrolabe bearing both Arabic and Hebrew inscriptions makes it one of the oldest examples ever... Read Later Read more about The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange 4 March, 2024 - 19:49 Robbie Mitchell Decoding the Enigma of the Shroud of Turin (Video) In the tumultuous backdrop of Jerusalem in 33 AD, the narrative of Jesus Christ's final days unfolded dramatically. Following his triumphal entry into the city and subsequent confrontation within the... Read Later Read more about Decoding the Enigma of the Shroud of Turin (Video) 4 March, 2024 - 16:44 Nathan Falde Proof Ancient Mesoamericans Drank Sacred Tobacco-Infused Liquids is Found In a new chemical analysis performed on ceramic vases recovered during excavations at the ancient metropolis of Cotzumalhuapa in southwestern Guatemala, a team of researchers from Yale University and... Read Later Read more about Proof Ancient Mesoamericans Drank Sacred Tobacco-Infused Liquids is Found 4 March, 2024 - 13:29 Sahir Bronze Age Burial Study Links Peoples of Britain and Luxembourg An illuminating study published in late 2023 has found evidence of family links in the western European Bell Beaker communities, linking Britain to Luxembourg in the Bronze Age. The research delved... Read Later Read more about Bronze Age Burial Study Links Peoples of Britain and Luxembourg 3 March, 2024 - 21:54 Natalia Klimczak Lilith: Ancient Demon, Dark Deity or Sensual Goddess? Lilith, an ancient mythological figure and one of the oldest known female spirits in the world, has embodied various roles across cultures. In some sources she has been described as a demon, while in... Read Later Read more about Lilith: Ancient Demon, Dark Deity or Sensual Goddess? 3 March, 2024 - 19:48 Robbie Mitchell What Really Happened to the Canaanites? (Video) The Israelites' entry into Canaan around 1250 BC, following their forty-year journey through the desert, was a pivotal event shrouded in religious significance. According to the Old Testament, the... Read Later Read more about What Really Happened to the Canaanites? (Video) 3 March, 2024 - 16:50 Cecilia Bogaard Captain Boycott's Abuse of Irish Farmers Sparked the Term “Boycott” Certain words emerge from peculiar circumstances, leaving an indelible mark on language and society. The term “boycott” is one such example, as it carries a fascinating origin story that intertwines... Read Later Read more about Captain Boycott's Abuse of Irish Farmers Sparked the Term “Boycott” 3 March, 2024 - 13:54 ancient-origins What Ancient Farmers Teach Us About Adapting to Climate Change Chelsea Fisher /The Conversation In dozens of archaeological discoveries around the world, from the once-successful reservoirs and canals of Angkor Wat in Cambodia to the deserted Viking colonies of... Read Later Read more about What Ancient Farmers Teach Us About Adapting to Climate Change 2 March, 2024 - 21:42 Sahir Pythagoras’ Claim of Universal Musical Harmony is Wrong, Finds Study Ancient Greek philosopher Pythagoras posited that "consonance," a harmonious combination of notes, arises from specific relationships between simple numbers like 3 and 4. While scholars have... Read Later Read more about Pythagoras’ Claim of Universal Musical Harmony is Wrong, Finds Study 2 March, 2024 - 20:12 Robbie Mitchell The Giant Prehistoric Ape Doomed By Its Own Coolness (Video) The saga of the giant prehistoric ape, often overshadowed by its cinematic counterpart, unveils a creature of remarkable proportions and enigmatic fate. Known as gigantic Gigantopithecus , this... Read Later Read more about The Giant Prehistoric Ape Doomed By Its Own Coolness (Video) 2 March, 2024 - 17:17 Caleb Strom Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind One of the great temples constructed during the Neo-Babylonian period (626-539 BC), the golden age of the city of Babylon, was the Temple of Ninmakh. The temple was built adjacent to the famous... Read Later Read more about Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind 2 March, 2024 - 14:02 Ben Shehadi Two Napoleons: The French Caesars of Modern History The life of Napoleon Bonaparte, remembered as one of history's greatest conquerors, shares countless parallels with that of Julius Caesar. Fueled by a profound admiration for the classics, Napoleon,... Read Later Read more about Two Napoleons: The French Caesars of Modern History 1 March, 2024 - 23:43 Robbie Mitchell What Happened to the Knights Templar? (Video) Originating in the fervor of the Crusades during the 12th century, the Knights Templar emerged as a dedicated order sworn to protect Christian pilgrims traveling to the Holy Land. Founded by a small... Read Later Read more about What Happened to the Knights Templar? (Video) 1 March, 2024 - 23:24 Camille M Sauvé Hidden Monoliths Beneath Sacsayhuaman Point To Lost Civilization Sacsayhuaman Archaeological Park, located above the ancient city of Cusco in Peru, hides a secret. Hidden beneath the archaeological sites are some very strange and beautiful stone vestiges, many... Read Later Read more about Hidden Monoliths Beneath Sacsayhuaman Point To Lost Civilization 1 March, 2024 - 21:47 Robbie Mitchell The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire The Khwarazmian Empire, spanning from the 11th to the 13th centuries, flourished as a formidable power in Central Asia. Situated along the Silk Road, its strategic location fostered vibrant trade and... Read Later Read more about The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire 1 March, 2024 - 19:56 Robbie Mitchell The Five Greatest Ancient Roman Politicians (Video) The Roman Republic , a crucible of political innovation, incubated the brilliance of figures whose legacies endure through the annals of history. Among these luminaries, Cicero stands as a colossus... Read Later Read more about The Five Greatest Ancient Roman Politicians (Video) 1 March, 2024 - 16:49 Sahir Medieval Catalonian Nobility Unearthed in Santes Creus Monastery As part of the restoration works of the Gothic cloister of the Royal Monastery of Santes Creus currently underway in Catalonia, archaeologists have uncovered the ‘totally unexpected’ intact remains... Read Later Read more about Medieval Catalonian Nobility Unearthed in Santes Creus Monastery 1 March, 2024 - 13:54 ancient-origins Roman Offerings at Sacred Spring Whisper of the Druids’ Last Stand In a significant archaeological find, a collection of sixteen ancient artifacts dating back to the Iron Age and Roman periods has been officially declared treasure by H.M. Senior Coroner for North-... Read Later Read more about Roman Offerings at Sacred Spring Whisper of the Druids’ Last Stand 29 February, 2024 - 23:53 Robbie Mitchell The Horrors of the Spanish Inquisition Explained (Video) The Spanish Inquisition's enduring impact is evident in modern Spain, where regions affected by it still exhibit socioeconomic indicators reflective of its historical legacy. Originating from Pope... Read Later Read more about The Horrors of the Spanish Inquisition Explained (Video) 29 February, 2024 - 22:06 Aleksa Vučković Do the Runes on the Negau Helmet B Really Date Back Over 2,000 Years? The exact origin of the runic alphabet is still an enigma for scholars, who continue in their efforts to deduce when it first appeared. Because of this, every new archaeological excavation that bears... Read Later Read more about Do the Runes on the Negau Helmet B Really Date Back Over 2,000 Years? 29 February, 2024 - 19:49 Robbie Mitchell Five Fascinating Mysteries About Prehistoric Australia (Video) The Aboriginal culture provides a captivating glimpse into ancient human societies, potentially tracing back to the earliest human migrations out of Africa. Before Western contact, their history was... Read Later Read more about Five Fascinating Mysteries About Prehistoric Australia (Video) Pages1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » I agree to receiving emails Read terms By subscribing to Ancient-Orgins.net, you agree to receive email communications from us, as well as the Third Party services we use to manage our email campaigns, including Activecampaign, Substack, and Jeeng State_ID NotActive Active Sign up to download 4 FREE eBOOKS Marketing by ActiveCampaign Most Read Today The Lost Tribe of Clover Hollow – Oldest Civilization in the World Found in Appalachian Mountains? This 15th Century French Painting Features A Precisely Drawn Prehistoric Tool Why Are Mysterious Handbags Prevalent in Ancient Carvings Worldwide? The Windover Bog Bodies, Among the Greatest Archeological Discoveries Ever Unearthed in the United States Still Searching For Aztec Montezuma’s Lost Treasure How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) Sign Up for PremiumAds-FREE Content Viral Articles Legends Technology Ancient Places The Legendary Emerald Tablet and its Secrets of the Universe The origins of Western alchemy can be traced back to Hellenistic Egypt, in particular to the city of Alexandria. One of the most important characters in the mythology of alchemy is Hermes... Lilith: Ancient Demon, Dark Deity or Sensual Goddess? Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind Exposing the Secret History of Giants and the Underground Hyperborean Gallery in Romania Adam’s First Wife Lilith: Diabolical Demoness or the First Feminist? Santa’s Horned Helper: The Fearsome Legend of Krampus, Christmas Punisher The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange The identification of an eleventh century Islamic astrolabe bearing both Arabic and Hebrew inscriptions makes it one of the oldest examples ever discovered and one of only a handful known in the world. Norimitsu Odachi: Who Could Have Possibly Wielded This Enormous 15th Century Japanese Sword? 150,000-Year-Old Pipes Baffle Scientists in China: Out of Place in Time? 1,000-Year-Old Sword with Potential Viking Link Recovered From Polish River Were Catapults the Secret to Roman Military Success? The revolutionary invention of the wheel The Lost Tribe of Clover Hollow – Oldest Civilization in the World Found in Appalachian Mountains? The Appalachian Orogeny is one of the geological mountain building events that created the Appalachian Mountains. This orogeny occurred about 325 million years ago and was caused by Africa colliding... The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind A Roman Wooden Cellar Unearthed in Frankfurt's Nida ‘Moorish King's House’ Had a Secret Staircase to Survive Sieges Hattusa: The Cursed City of the Hatti and the Hittite Empire Ancient Origins has been quoted by: Greek Mythology Greek Mythology As Greek mythology goes, the universe was once a big soup of nothingness. Then, two things happened: either Chaos or Gaia created the universe as we know it, or Ouranos and Tethys gave birth to the first beings. Centauromachy - the Fabled Clash Between Lapiths and Centaurs Centauromachy is a unique and captivating tale woven into the complex tapestry of Ancient Greek mythology. It stands as a timeless narrative Centauromachy - the Fabled Clash Between Lapiths and Centaurs What Caused the War of the Titans in Greek Mythology? (Video) Nike Sportswear Took its Name from the Ultimate Champion Five Fascinating Facts About the Mycenaeans (Video) Jason and his Mythological Quest for the Legendary Golden Fleece Famous People What Really Happened to the Canaanites? (Video) The Israelites' entry into Canaan around 1250 BC, following their forty-year journey through the desert, was a pivotal event shrouded in religious significance. Two Napoleons: The French Caesars of Modern History What Happened to the Knights Templar? (Video) The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire The Five Greatest Ancient Roman Politicians (Video) Medieval Catalonian Nobility Unearthed in Santes Creus Monastery Unexplained Phenomena Craniums and Controversies of the Chachapoya Cloud Warriors Over a thousand years ago, in the mists of the cloud forests of northern Peru, near the source of the mighty Amazon River, the Chachapoya Cloud Warriors reigned supreme. Dealing in the Past: How Did Ancient Egyptians Get Nicotine and Cocaine? The Expedition Sparked by the Cryptic Tale of Baba Vanga's Prophecy Prehistoric Lines Across Malta Defy Explanation: The Cart Ruts of Misrah Ghar il-Kbir The Saint Croix Basin, an Irrigation Marvel for a Forgotten Civilization? Tales of a Two-headed Giant: Are Legends of Patagonia’s Kap Dwa Real? Important Events The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire The Khwarazmian Empire, spanning from the 11th to the 13th centuries, flourished as a formidable power in Central Asia. Situated along the Silk Road The Horrors of the Spanish Inquisition Explained (Video) How Did Europe Step Into the Modern Era? (Video) The History of Shipbuilding As We Know It Judaic Devastation: The Bar Kokhba Revolt’s Tragic Legacy (Video) The History of the Piast Dynasty, the First Rulers of Poland Top New Stories How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) The emergence of fire mastery represents a transformative juncture in human development, potentially initiated by early hominins like Homo erectus around 1.6 million years ago. Still Searching Aztec Montezuma’s Lost Treasure The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange Decoding the Enigma of the Shroud of Turin (Video) Proof Ancient Mesoamericans Drank Sacred Tobacco-Infused Liquids is Found Bronze Age Burial Study Links Peoples of Britain and Luxembourg Myths & Legends The Legendary Emerald Tablet and its Secrets of the Universe The origins of Western alchemy can be traced back to Hellenistic Egypt, in particular to the city of Alexandria. One of the most important characters in the mythology of alchemy is Hermes... Lilith: Ancient Demon, Dark Deity or Sensual Goddess? Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind Exposing the Secret History of Giants and the Underground Hyperborean Gallery in Romania Adam’s First Wife Lilith: Diabolical Demoness or the First Feminist? Santa’s Horned Helper: The Fearsome Legend of Krampus, Christmas Punisher Human Origins How Taming Fire Changed Everything for Early Humans (Video) The emergence of fire mastery represents a transformative juncture in human development, potentially initiated by early hominins like Homo erectus around 1.6 million years ago. What Really Happened to the Canaanites? (Video) Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind The Origins of Human Beings According to Ancient Sumerian Texts The Giant Prehistoric Ape Doomed By Its Own Coolness (Video) Do you dare enter a fairy ring? The mythical mushroom portals of the supernatural Ancient Technology The Verona Astrolabe Reveals A History of Islamic – Jewish Scientific Exchange The identification of an eleventh century Islamic astrolabe bearing both Arabic and Hebrew inscriptions makes it one of the oldest examples ever discovered and one of only a handful known in the world. Norimitsu Odachi: Who Could Have Possibly Wielded This Enormous 15th Century Japanese Sword? 150,000-Year-Old Pipes Baffle Scientists in China: Out of Place in Time? 1,000-Year-Old Sword with Potential Viking Link Recovered From Polish River Were Catapults the Secret to Roman Military Success? The revolutionary invention of the wheel Ancient Places The Lost Tribe of Clover Hollow – Oldest Civilization in the World Found in Appalachian Mountains? The Appalachian Orogeny is one of the geological mountain building events that created the Appalachian Mountains. This orogeny occurred about 325 million years ago and was caused by Africa colliding... ‘Moorish King's House’ Had a Secret Staircase to Survive Sieges The Epic Rise and Demise of the Khwarazmian Empire Babylon’s Temple of Ninmakh, the Mesopotamian Goddess of Humankind A Roman Wooden Cellar Unearthed in Frankfurt's Nida Hattusa: The Cursed City of the Hatti and the Hittite Empire Opinion The Saint Croix Basin, an Irrigation Marvel for a Forgotten Civilization? In my previous two-part article titled "The Exceptional Cuban Underwater City," I argued that the existence of a city at a depth of over 2,000 feet (609 m) below sea level off the coast of Cuba. Cracking the Code to Discover Ancient Tarot Symbolism and Forgotten Universal Knowledge Naupa Iglesia: An Egyptian Portal in the Andes? The Truth Behind the Christ Myth: Ancient Origins of the Often Used Legend – Part I Library in Stone: The Ica Stones of Professor Cabrera – Part I Two Sides to Every Story: The North American Martyrs Shrines and Indigenous/ Roman Catholic Relations Our Mission At Ancient Origins, we believe that one of the most important fields of knowledge we can pursue as human beings is our beginnings. And while some people may seem content with the story as it stands, our view is that there exist countless mysteries, scientific anomalies and surprising artifacts that have yet to be discovered and explained.The goal of Ancient Origins is to highlight recent archaeological discoveries, peer-reviewed academic research and evidence, as well as offering alternative viewpoints and explanations of science, archaeology, mythology, religion and history around the globe.We’re the only Pop Archaeology site combining scientific research with out-of-the-box perspectives.By bringing together top experts and authors, this archaeology website explores lost civilizations, examines sacred writings, tours ancient places, investigates ancient discoveries and questions mysterious happenings. Our open community is dedicated to digging into the origins of our species on planet earth, and question wherever the discoveries might take us. We seek to retell the story of our beginnings. Ancient Image Galleries Ancient Origins © 2013 - 2023Disclaimer - Terms of Publication - Privacy Policy & Cookies - Advertising Policy - Submissions - Contact us A project of Stella Novus