Discover a Life Rebalanced - Vestibular Disorders Association Search Conference Podcasts VeDA Store Get Updates Get Involved Ways to Give Log In Search What is Vestibular? Diagnosis & Treatment Find a Clinician Coping & Support For Professionals Donate Discover a Life Rebalanced Your Journey Back To Balance Starts Here Hello, we are the Vestibular Disorder Association or VeDA. For over 35 years, we’ve been a lifeline of support to anyone affected by vestibular (inner-ear and brain balance) disorders. Since 2012 our website has been accessed over 18 million times. We understand what you’re going through and will do whatever we can to help you on your road to recovery.Get Started COMMON SYMPTOMS Experiencing dizziness, imbalance, vertigo, brain fog, or something else? More WHAT CAN I DO? Explore vestibular disorders, diagnoses, and treatment resources. More LIFE WITH VESTIBULAR SYMPTOMS Discover coping strategies and a community of support. More NEW PATIENT TOOLKIT Better understand your diagnosis and treatment options, and get on the road to recovery. More Life Rebalanced Live 2024 Register for FREE to be part of the biggest event of the year for vestibular patients. Learn from top vestibular experts, have your questions answered, hear from panels of your peers, and meet others who know what you are going through. This virtual conference is something you don’t want to miss! Docuseries Featuring nine vestibular warriors whose lives were impacted by living with vestibular dysfunction. Watch Find a Clinician Find vestibular healthcare specialists trained in the diagnosis, testing, and treatment of inner ear and brain disorders. Locate A Specialist Glossary Definitions of common terms to expand your vestibular vocabulary. Learn More Community of Support This journey is best taken together with those who understand what you’re going through, for patients and their loved ones. Get Connected “On the Level” News On the Level is VeDA’s quarterly newsletter, featuring patient stories, research, and helpful tips for coping with vestibular symptoms. Subscribe Online Forum VeDA’s online forum is a place for you to share, ask questions of your peers, and gain support from a community that understands what you are going through. Join the Discussion VeDA Ambassador Lynn Johnson lost her balance and livelihood to an autoimmune disorder. She sought out support, but couldn’t find any local support groups, and even if she did she was unable to drive herself to get there. Lynn describes the solace she has found through VeDA’s online support groups. Lynn's Story Being a carer “I care for my mother because I care about her,” says Stephen. VeDA supports both vestibular patients and their loved ones on their journey as they learn how to adapt their lives to these invisible and unpredictable conditions. Stephen's Story Vestibular Vampire Kayla’s symptoms included sensitivity to bright lights and sounds, as well as constant spinning, wobbly legs, unstable movements, aches, pains, numbness, and tingling. VeDA helped her understand her crazy symptoms and discover a community of support. Kayla's Story Patient Stories Vestibular disorders are invisible. You look fine on the outside, but inside you’re struggling with a myriad of debilitating symptoms. It’s easy to feel like you’re alone, and no one understands what you’re going through. Reading about others who have been in your shoes can validate your experience and give you tips on what to expect and how to deal with it. Read Patient Stories Read More Stories HELP US MAKE VESTIBULAR VISIBLE Donate TodayGet Involved We envision a world where vestibular disorders are widely understood, rapidly diagnosed, and effectively treated so patients can restore balance and regain life. The Vestibular Disorders Association (VeDA) strives to create an inclusive community where everyone feels valued, represented, and respected. Information on this website is not intended to be used for medical diagnosis or treatment. VeDA does not specifically endorse any product or service advertised on this site. VeDA is a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt non-profit organization (Tax ID 93‑0914340). This website is proudly powered by WordPress and hosted by Kinsta. © 2024 Vestibular Disorders Association About Contact Join Our Mailing List VeDA’s Annual Virtual Conference Blog Podcasts Site Map Forums Donate Online Store Privacy Policy Medical Disclaimer VeDA is a top rated nonprofit! Back To Top