Career Planning Skip to content The Balance Search Search Please fill out this field. Search Search Please fill out this field. Budgeting Budgeting Budgeting Calculator Financial Planning Managing Your Debt Best Budgeting Apps View All Investing Investing Find an Advisor Stocks Retirement Planning Cryptocurrency Best Online Stock Brokers Best Investment Apps View All Mortgages Mortgages Homeowner Guide First-Time Homebuyers Home Financing Managing Your Loan Mortgage Refinancing Using Your Home Equity View All Economics Economics US Economy Economic Terms Unemployment Fiscal Policy Monetary Policy View All Banking Banking Banking Basics Compound Interest Calculator Best Savings Account Interest Rates of March 2024 Best CD Rates of March 2024 Best Banks for Checking Accounts Best Personal Loans of 2024 Best Auto Loan Rates View All Small Business Small Business Entrepreneurship Business Banking Business Financing Business Taxes Business Tools Becoming an Owner Operations & Success View All Career Planning Career Planning Finding a Job Getting a Raise Work Benefits Top Jobs Cover Letters Resumes View All More More Credit Cards Insurance Taxes Credit Reports & Scores Loans Personal Stories About Us About Us The Balance Financial Review Board Diversity & Inclusion Pledge View All Follow Us Budgeting Budgeting Calculator Financial Planning Managing Your Debt Best Budgeting Apps Investing Find an Advisor Stocks Retirement Planning Cryptocurrency Best Online Stock Brokers Best Investment Apps Mortgages Homeowner Guide First-Time Homebuyers Home Financing Managing Your Loan Mortgage Refinancing Using Your Home Equity Economics US Economy Economic Terms Unemployment Fiscal Policy Monetary Policy Banking Banking Basics Compound Interest Calculator Best Savings Account Interest Rates of March 2024 Best CD Rates of March 2024 Best Banks for Checking Accounts Best Personal Loans of 2024 Best Auto Loan Rates Small Business Entrepreneurship Business Banking Business Financing Business Taxes Business Tools Becoming an Owner Operations & Success Career Planning Finding a Job Getting a Raise Work Benefits Top Jobs Cover Letters Resumes More Credit Cards Insurance Taxes Credit Reports & Scores Loans Financial Terms Dictionary About Us The Balance Financial Review Board Diversity & Inclusion Pledge Career Planning Career planning is the process of deciding what industry you want to work in and what job you want to hold, and how you want to progress in both. This involves assessing your skills, experience, and career goals. A career plan can change and evolve over time, so it’s important to be flexible and to take time to reevaluate it every now and then. Succeeding at Work Skills Development Leaving a Job Finding a Job A Guide To Planning and Navigating Your Career The Career Planning Process How To Develop and Write a Career Action Plan Free Career Aptitude and Career Assessment Tests The Importance of Career Networking Interview Question: "What Are Your Career Aspirations?" Frequently Asked Questions Why is career planning important? Career planning is important because it allows you to set goals and create a strategy that will help you achieve them. Without career planning, you may not have a path to follow and it may be difficult to navigate your education, industries, and jobs. A career plan will also help you understand what skills you need and how to go about learning them. Learn More What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? What should you do first when planning your career? The first step in planning your career is setting goals. What do you want to achieve in the future? This can be a job title, a salary, a skill, a degree, and more. Long-term goals are usually two to 10 years long. In order to achieve long-term goals, you’ll need to set short-term goals that will help you along the way. Learn More How To Set Short- and Long-Term Career Goals What are the basic steps in the career planning process? The basic steps in the career planning process include setting career goals, conducting research, determining jobs you want, building your skills and growing your experience, preparing your resume, and finally applying for jobs. After that, it’s all about continuing to develop and navigate your career through advancement, networking, and more. Learn More How To Choose a Career When You Can’t Decide What To Do When should a student start career planning? Career planning should begin before you graduate school, whether that’s in high school or college, or even earlier. Students can explore skills and industries by joining clubs, reading books, watching movies, and more. Once a student identifies an industry or job that sparks their interest, they can begin the career planning process to map out how they can get there. Learn More Types of Jobs by Industry Key Terms Career Planning Process Career Paths Soft Skills Career Development Hard Skills Collaboration Job Placement Tests Transferable Skills Problem Solving Skills Career Planning Process The career planning process involves taking the time to decide what your career goals are and how you'll get there. You might engage in this process on your own or with a guidance or career counselor. Learn More Career Paths A career path is a sequence of jobs that leads to your short- and long-term career goals. Some follow a linear career path within one field, while others change fields periodically to achieve career or personal goals. Learn More Soft Skills Soft skills are non-technical skills that relate to how you work. They include how you interact with colleagues, how you solve problems, and how you manage your work. Learn More Career Development Career development is the process of choosing a career, improving your skills, and advancing along a career path. It's a lifelong process of learning and decision-making that brings you closer to your ideal job, skillset, and lifestyle. Learn More Hard Skills Hard skills are part of the skill set that is required for a job. They include the technical skills required to accomplish specific tasks, and the expertise necessary for an individual to successfully do a job. They are job-specific and are typically listed in job postings and job descriptions. Learn More Collaboration Collaboration skills enable you to successfully work toward a common goal with others. They include communicating clearly, actively listening to others, taking responsibility for mistakes, and respecting the diversity of your colleagues. Learn More Job Placement Tests Job placement tests help determine what careers are best for people based on their personality, skills, interests, and other factors. They offer potentially actionable information that will help you as a job applicant. Learn More Transferable Skills Transferable skills are talents and abilities that can be used in many different jobs and career paths. They can be acquired through employment, school, internships, hobbies, and volunteer experiences. Learn More Problem Solving Skills Problem-solving skills help you solve issues quickly and effectively. It's one of the key skills that employers seek in job applicants, as employees with these skills tend to be self-reliant. Problem-solving skills require quickly identifying the underlying issue and implementing a solution. Learn More Explore Career Planning What Does a Chief Diversity Officer Do? What Is Job Insecurity? Average Small Business Owner Salary in the U.S. Is Your Job at Risk of Automation? What Is Crowdsourcing? The Role and Responsibilities of a Manager What To Know About a Career in Management Types of Work Schedules What Is the Career Planning Process? How Many Hours a Week Is a Full-Time Job? What Is a Part-Time Job? US Federal Employment and Labor Laws The Differences Between Employed vs. Self-Employed What Is Telecommuting? What Is Job Poaching? Learn About the Different Types of Job Titles Management Jobs: Options, Job Titles, and Descriptions Corporate Executive Job Titles The Wagner Act of 1935 (National Labor Relations Act) What Is the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)? Step-By-Step Guide to Setting Career Goals How to Assess Your Career Values Types of Jobs by Industry What Is the Occupational Outlook Handbook? Benefits of a Gap Year After College or High School Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Job Description What Is a Vice President? What Do Job Titles Signify on the Organization Chart? How to Develop and Use a Job Profile What Does a Hiring Manager Do? What Is a Human Resource? What Is Human Resource Management? What Is a Human Resource Department? An Entry-Level Job: A Foot in the Door What Is Employment? What Is an Employer? What Is an Employee? How To Make a Career Path Plan What Is Age Discrimination? Steps to Create a Career Development Plan Introduction to LinkedIn Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 How To Make a Career Choice When You Are Undecided How Does Career Guidance Support Career Development? What Is a Career? What Is Career Development? How to Get Help From a Career Counselor What Is a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP)? What To Do If You're Put on a Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) How To Tell if an Employer Is LGBTQ+-Inclusive What Is the Difference Between Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion? 7 Signs of a Toxic Workplace How to Tell Your Manager That You’re Overworked How To Ask to Make Your Job Part-Time What To Do if You Don’t Get a Promotion How to Show an Employer You Have Added Value at Work What To Do If You Receive a Warning at Work Consensus Decision-Making Pros and Cons Is Anxiety Considered a Disability at Work? What Actions Can Be Considered Workplace Retaliation? Visionary Leadership How to Get the Most Out of Your Internship 10 Simple Ways To Learn To Love Your Job The Balance Follow Us Budgeting Investing Mortgages Economics Banking Small Business Financial Terms Dictionary About Us Privacy Policy Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Diversity and Inclusion Pledge Advertise Careers Contact The Balance is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family. Please review our updated Terms of Service. Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up