Learn Facebook Ads with Jon Loomer For Advanced Facebook Marketers Blog Access Membership Info PHC Login Agencies One-on-One Custom Event Mastery Free Newsletter Daily Videos Beginners Quiz Foundations Safe Zones Videos Search Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors Search in posts Search in pages Subscribe to **Advanced Meta Ads Tips** with daily video updates Find Out More For Advanced Meta Advertisers This is where advanced Meta advertisers go to sharpen their skills and stay on top of the constantly evolving world of advertising. It’s also where inexperienced advertisers go to become advanced. Subscribe to my free newsletter Play MyVideo Play My Video Close Latest Posts From the Blog How to Set Up Lead Scoring Automation in Infusionsoft Based on Engagement March 4th, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 0 Comments This tutorial walks you through the step-by-step instructions of setting up Infusionsoft lead scoring for CRM and Meta ads strategies. Meta Marketing Tutorials 21 Performance Goals: A Guide to Meta Ads Optimization for Delivery February 28th, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 3 Comments The performance goal may be the most important selection when creating a campaign. Here’s a guide to the 21 performance goals via 71 paths. Meta Marketing Tutorials Advantage+ Audience Best Practices Guide February 26th, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 5 Comments When should you use Advantage+ Audience and when should you use the original audience options? Here’s a closer look at best practices… Meta Marketing Tutorials The Evolution of Who Sees Your Ads February 21st, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 4 Comments Advertisers confuse their role in targeting and optimization because they overvalue their inputs. Hears how who sees your ads has evolved. Meta Marketing Tutorials Common Advertising Mistakes Related to Placement Selection February 19th, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 1 Comments Some of the biggest mistakes advertisers make is related to placement selection. It can involve inaction or unnecessary tinkering. Meta Marketing Tutorials Not Everything Has Changed February 14th, 2024 by Jon Loomer - 1 Comments So much has changed in the world of Facebook and Meta advertising during the past 15 years. But what has always remained true? Meta Marketing Tutorials View more posts Latest Quick Video Tutorials Stuck in the Learning Phase March 4, 2024 When to Use Manual Bidding March 3, 2024 When to Switch to Original Audiences March 2, 2024 Key to Consistent Advertising Success March 1, 2024 View more videos How Can I Help You? While I have a paid community who have access to my countless premium resources, I also create free content for those on a budget or getting exposed to me for the first time. Free Training & Resources Created to Help You FREE The Pubcast with Jon Loomer Facebook ads and entrepreneurship challenges discussed over a beer. Full Pubcast episodes are published every Friday, and short Pubcast Shots on all other days. Pop a bottle... Get Started FREE Facebook Pixel Event Generator Use our tool to dynamically create the relevant pixel code based on your criteria. Get Started FREE Facebook Ads FAQ Browse our FAQ for answers to many of the common questions advertisers like you are asking. Get Started Premium Training for Facebook Marketers of All Levels Custom Event Mastery NEW Custom Event Mastery A training to leverage custom events for conversion reporting, optimization, and targeting. Read more & Sign Up Short-Form Video Blueprint Short-Form Video Blueprint Gain the confidence and knowledge needed to create engaging and effective short-form videos. Read more & Sign Up Beyond The Boost Beyond The Boost Over 25 tutorial videos to move you beyond the Boost button & improve your performance as a Facebook advertiser. Read more & Sign Up Or - Get Access to All Material and Regular Weekly Updates by Joining: POWER HITTERS CLUB The only resource you’ll ever need to master Facebook marketing The Power Hitters Club is a community of hundreds of advertisers with extensive experience in Facebook Marketing. Those who are serious about maintaining their sharp skills with Facebook ads join the PHC. We support one another, share strategies and case studies, and alert one another of new features and how to use them. Read More & Sign Up My Team Are Here to Help You JR I make sure that we focus on developing and expanding value creation and innovation. This means that we are always thinking about how to better serve our members. I stay curious about how to make things better and easier for all stakeholders. And I make sure Jon is encouraged, supported, and challenged so that we have a business that is productive, profitable, and most importantly, that we are proud of. Luke I write content for Jon’s site (which you can check out here), and I engage with advertisers in our Power Hitters Club communities to dive deeper on issues related to Facebook and Instagram ads. Tracy I oversee Jon’s Power Hitters Club membership process and relations, identifying potential and existing member needs as well as responding to membership queries. I also collaborate with other team members to optimize the customer journey experience. Joel Myself and my team help Jon with all matters relating to the websites (design & development), WordPress, and integration. We’re also very interested in areas such as online privacy, & Facebook Conversions API etc. What My Members Say I have followed Jon Loomer loosely for a few years online, dipping into his free trainings and resources as they popped up on my newsfeed or appeared in my online searches. I signed up for Jon’s email list and messaged his team multiple times feeling out the content and attitude behind the Power Hitters Club. I found the quality and quantity of information very transparent and informative. Since I have been involved with PHC I have found a group of like-minded advertisers and agency owners who actively share with and support each other in an ever-changing industry. Jon & Luke are approachable and professional in their approach to real time education regarding Facebook and Facebooks ecosystem. I have learnt some valuable lessons and have had my eyes opened wider to this industry since being a part of PHC with not only the library of trainings, Live chats, One on ones but most importantly with the assistance Jon/Luke and the collective of the people in the Facebook Group. If you are an agency owner or Facebook advertiser and you are looking for a training and support network I strongly suggest look further into PHC and Jon Loomer as this is the best I have found. Andrew Geldard Muse Marketing Agency Business Manager is constantly changing and it can be hard to keep up, PHC - Basic ensures you are always up to date on a weekly basis which ensures your campaigns are performing to the best of their ability. I've benefitted from being able to get feedback from other marketers on campaign & audiences ideas before testing them out. Byron M. I love PHC - Basic because it makes me feel safe. It is very important that I can ask a question about social media at the exact time I face the problem and get an immediate response from people who know what they say! I also get informed on new tools coming and I get new ideas for my advertising projects. Xrysa T. As a novice Facebook advertiser and an sole in-house marketer, I knew I didn’t need the elite group but I did need the right support to grow. I have been in the group only for a month but I have had many of my burning questions answered and the support I have needed to develop my advertising skills. I would highly recommend the Power Hitters Club- Basic to any noise who seeks development. But remember to be engaged.. you only get out what you put in. Lauren B. I've been a Power Hitter Club member for about 6 years now. When I first started, I was new to the industry and I was launching Facebook Ads within our company. When I found PHC, I loved the no-nonsense deep dive into robust Facebook marketing strategies. It seemed overwhelming at first but Jon's approach to training is perfectly guided for beginners right up to expert-level training. Over the years I have been supported consistently with sound advice, useable strategies that have been tested and proven! I also really like being a part of a community of people who face the same challenge and are happy to collaborate! Fast forward to today and I am now the VP of our agency and even though I can't make every live strategy session, the resources and knowledge needed to be a high knowledge marker are always accessible for review when the time is right for me and my team. This membership has been the best investment for my career and I highly recommend this to anyone serious about Facebook marketing. Amber Fossenier Vice President at OpenSail I have seen the most successful people in ecommerce, agency, or brand ownership, are those that have one thing in common: always learning and never taking these wild west days for granted as platforms add new bells and whistles or regulation. Everything is changing rapidly and if you’re human in marketing today, that is overwhelming. Unless!...there’s a great group of improvers from which to lean into, ask questions without judgment in a private setting with caring professionals who want you to succeed. Best part is, as you encounter problems or challenges last minute, there’s a place to raise your hand and with immediacy, there’s some help, recourse or direction, or ‘you’re not alone’. Why I value The Loomer Group’s leadership. They are always coming up with new ways in which to provide even more value for membership. Rare. Thank you! Kim McCoy HiRise Promotions & Marketing, Inc Being a member of the PHC has enabled me to stay on the top of my Facebook game. Not only do I take advantage of Jon’s extensive wealth of knowledge in all things Facebook marketing, but I benefit from the insights, ideas and experiences of some superb and top notch marketers who are also members of this awesome club. Sarah M. With Jon’s direct input and with access to the many other advanced Facebook marketers in the group, the PHC provides an unparalleled opportunity to learn from others, to have your Facebook marketing questions answered, and to truly master Facebook marketing. Jeff S. Fantastic value training, access to an engaged and helpful Facebook community with regular involvement from Jon. The PHC helps me stay current and at the cutting-edge of Facebook advertising, which in turn allows me to create value for my clients. Alan M. Jon has surpassed my expectations and being a PHC member has saved our company time, money and frustration. His knowledge, passion and natural ability to break down complex information into simple terms and processes has been absolutely priceless. Sheri K. Being a part of ‘Jon’s team’ has delivered massive value in a very short period of time. Nothing like collaboration with industry pros and guidance from a respected leader. Geoff K. Not only am I getting the latest news in Facebook Advertising before everyone else, I also get easy access to Jon Loomer for support as well as several other experts in the industry. The networking I have done in this group has also developed some great friendships and exciting job opportunities. Chris M. I’ve done over a million dollars in FB Ads sales from Jon’s trainings, and joining the Power Hitter’s Club keeps me ahead of the curve with platform features, best practices, and keeping my ads and client accounts 100% compliant. Kylie S. Subscribe to Jon's Newsletter Feel like you're always one step behind? Jon will keep you updated on everything you need to know about the latest updates related to Facebook advertising. Subscribe Connect with me: ToolsFacebook Ads FAQ Meta Ads Glossary Facebook Pixel Event Generator Social Media Search Activity Meta’s Earnings Reports Privacy Policy ServicesPower Hitters Club One-on-One Consulting Agencies Quick LinksAbout Me Where Should I Start? The Pubcast Podcast Appearances Blog Where You Can Find Jon Jon’s Advertising Philosophies JonBot Custom Event Mastery For Advanced Facebook Marketers Email: [email protected] © 2024 Jon Loomer Digital Website by Glass Mountains BlogAccess▼Membership InfoPHC LoginAgenciesOne-on-OneCustom Event MasteryFree▼NewsletterDaily VideosBeginnersQuizFoundationsSafe ZonesVideos WARNING: We have detected that you currently have Javascript disabled. This website requires the use of Javascript, for the best possible viewing experience we highly recommend that you enable Javascript via your browser's options. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Is that ok?OkPrivacy Policy