Free Online Survey Software and Tools | QuestionPro® Products Survey Software Easy to use and accessible for everyone. Design, send and analyze online surveys. Research Suite A suite of enterprise-grade research tools for market research professionals. CX Experiences change the world. Deliver the best with our CX management software. Workforce Create the best employee experience and act on real-time data from end to end. Solutions Industry Gaming Automotive Sports and events Education Government Travel & Hospitality Financial Services Healthcare Member Experience Technology Use case NPS+ Communities Audience InsightsHub InstantAnswers Digsite LivePolls Journey Mapping GDPR Positive People Science 360 Feedback Surveys Research Edition Resources Blog eBooks Survey Templates Case Studies Training Webinars Help center Features Pricing Language Call Us +1 800 531 0228 +1 (647) 956-1242 +52 999 402 4079 +49 301 663 5782 +44 20 3650 3166 +81 3-6691-1050 +61 2 8074 5080 +971 529 852 540 Log In Log In SIGN UP FREE close Interested? Let's talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name Last Name E-mail Phone Message Send Contact Request close Interested? Let's talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name Last Name E-mail Phone Message Send Contact Request Why do the expected...when you can do the unexpected REQUEST DEMO FREE ACCOUNT Survey software for indviduals and teams All features → Survey logic → Integrations → PRICING LEARN MORE IS THIS FOR ME? Market research tools for professionals Survey research → Consulting services → Qualitative research → Learn More IS THIS FOR ME? Launch and manage a VoC program CX closed loop → Journey mapping → NPS+ → Learn More Employee surveys to engage and improve team performance Employee experience → 360 feedback → Positive people science → Learn More Why QuestionPro? + 5.3 M Users worldwide + 10 B Questions answered Founded 2005 Seattle, WA. 12 Global offices 8 Regional data centers We go beyond the expected Enhance your market research experience with round-the-clock support from QuestionPro. Our dedicated team is available 24/7 to assist you with all your needs, whether you're a novice or an expert in market research. Leading the industry Since 2005, QuestionPro has been hard at work solving the most demanding challenges of modernizing market research, surveys, and insights to empower our customers and reach their business goals better than ever before. Today, QuestionPro is an industry leader in insights, experiences, and software recognized by Forrester, Gartner, Quadrant Spark Matrix, G2 Crowd, and more. Security is our priority Caring for our customers' information is critical and complex. The QuestionPro system has been built with data privacy, protection, anonymity, and compliance in every layer. Fully compliant and holding certifications such as General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ISO 27001:2013, CCPA, PCI-DSS, Section 508, PHI, and HIPAA. Enjoy peace of mind with your survey data by choosing a platform trusted by major global brands and meeting strict compliance standards. Built for enterprise Take your insights to the next level by integrating with the full range of your enterprise systems through API’s or FTP sync, for marketing automation and more. With robust user roles and permissions, SSO, advanced reporting, and dashboards that can be distributed via a link for real-time updates or downloaded in various formats, including SPSS, Excel, and PDF. Multiple global data centers allow your insights to be fully compliant wherever you are. close Interested? Let's talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name Last Name E-mail Phone Message Send Contact Request Get started today! Take advantage of the best survey software on the market. The only thing holding you back, is you. SCHEDULE A DEMO "We work with QuestionPro to better understand our rapidly-growing fan base and we’ll be using the findings to help further improve and grow our league, clubs, players, and staff at all NISA levels." John Prutch Commissioner of NISA Survey solutions for everyone Research Suite Customer Experience Workforce Academic Research Suite Leverage our powerful research platform to solve your hardest research problems. Get the market research insights you need. Conjoint, MaxDiff and A/B testing. Community management platform. Choose from 22+ million respondents. Research services. SCHEDULE A DEMO Interested? Let’s talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name error text Last Name error text E-mail Phone What products are you interested in? Research Survey Software Community Management Platform Online Sample Research Services Message SEND CONTACT REQUEST Customer Experience Be a hero to your customers by leveraging QuestionPro’s advanced customer experience platform to capture feedback surveys across every customer interaction. Sentiment analysis Promoter amplification Detractor recovery API integration SCHEDULE A DEMO Interested? Let’s talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name error text Last Name error text E-mail Phone Message SEND CONTACT REQUEST Workforce QuestionPro’s workforce platform brings an integrated solution that produces culture, engagement and data that you can act on. Insights gathered through employee engagement surveys will help you build a stronger culture and a better business. Manage organizational culture, and keep a pulse on the most important drivers of employee engagement and wellbeing in real-time. Get ongoing feedback from employees, through an intuitive dashboard, and drive positive actions for your organization. SCHEDULE A DEMO Interested? Let’s talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name error text Last Name error text E-mail Phone Message SEND CONTACT REQUEST Academic Pick a reliable, and cost-effective platform for Academic Research that leading Universities depend on. Predictive Pricing for contracts up to 5 years Create, send and analyze surveys within minutes Advanced logic and workflows for smarter surveys Easy setup and migration from Qualtrics, SurveyGizmo, and Survey Monkey SCHEDULE A DEMO Interested? Let’s talk Please fill this form, we'll get in touch with you shortly. First Name error text Last Name error text E-mail Phone Message SEND CONTACT REQUEST We make online surveys easy Professional templates Create a survey with intuitive and professional online survey tools. Just pick a survey from 250+ free online survey templates for market research, customer satisfaction, academic research, community-based surveys and much more! 2 24hr global support With live customer support 24 hours a day, we are always here to make your life easier. You can access us live 24/7, 365 days a year. Reach us anytime, from anywhere via online chat, email or phone, and our representatives will be there to assist you. 3 Robust logic Take advantage of our wide range of point-and-click online survey logic without spending hours learning how to use it - Survey branching and skip logic, extractions, text piping, survey looping, and randomization. 4 Mobile ready Our iPad and tablet apps are designed specifically to allow for data collection and analysis everywhere you go. All QuestionPro surveys are all mobile-optimized for smartphones and tablets with additional options for getting the QuestionPro Survey App for both online and offline surveys. 5 Multilingual surveys Want to conduct survey research in local languages? Our survey platform provides you with over 100 languages to choose from so you can capture exponentially better responses using the most spoken dialect in the target market. 6 Shareable reports Get automated and elegant reporting dashboards ready for you to view and share with your team in real-time. You can also export your survey data in variety of supported methods such as Excel, SPSS and CSV. 7 Salesforce QuestionPro offers seamless survey data and analytics integration with Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics, Tableau and several other global platforms with robust API that puts you in complete control of your data 8 Panel integration Get the unique QuestionPro advantage with integrated online panel management built right into our survey software. Create your own panel and conduct focus group surveys, recruit or purchase new members, set reward systems, conduct qualitative text analysis, etc. 9 Customized professionals survey services Need help with a survey project? QuestionPro offers a wide variety of customized professional services including logic and custom scripting, custom design, professional survey creation and customized training and support. keyboard_arrow_left Previous keyboard_arrow_right Next Solve your research challenges today! Join the hundreds of companies that are asking great questions. GET STARTED Help center Live Chat SIGN UP FREE Tour Sample questions Sample reports Survey logic Branding Integrations Professional services Security Products Survey Software Customer Experience Workforce Communities Audience Polls Explore the QuestionPro Poll Software - The World's leading Online Poll Maker & Creator. Create online polls, distribute them using email and multiple other options and start analyzing poll results. Research Edition LivePolls InsightsHub Digsite Resources Blog Articles eBooks Survey Templates Case Studies Training Webinars AI in Market Research Quiz Templates Pricing All Plans Nonprofit Academic Features Comparison Qualtrics Alternative Explore the list of features that QuestionPro has compared to Qualtrics and learn how you can get more, for less. SurveyMonkey Alternative VisionCritical Alternative Medallia Alternative Solutions Likert Scale Complete Likert Scale Questions, Examples and Surveys for 5, 7 and 9 point scales. Learn everything about Likert Scale with corresponding example for each question and survey demonstrations. Conjoint Analysis Net Promoter Score (NPS) Learn everything about Net Promoter Score (NPS) and the Net Promoter Question. Get a clear view on the universal Net Promoter Score Formula, how to undertake Net Promoter Score Calculation followed by a simple Net Promoter Score Example. Offline Surveys Customer Satisfaction Surveys Employee Survey Software Employee survey software & tool to create, send and analyze employee surveys. Get real-time analysis for employee satisfaction, engagement, work culture and map your employee experience from onboarding to exit! Market Research Survey Software Real-time, automated and advanced market research survey software & tool to create surveys, collect data and analyze results for actionable market insights. GDPR & EU Compliance Employee Experience Customer Journey Company About us Executive Team In the news Testimonials Advisory Board Careers Brand Media Kit Contact Us QuestionPro in your language Encuestas Online Pesquisa Online Umfrage Software برامج للمسح Awards & certificates The Experience Journal Find innovative ideas about Experience Management from the experts © 2021 QuestionPro Survey Software | +1 (800) 531 0228 Sitemap Privacy Statement Terms of Use Cookie Settings