Institute for New Economic Thinking | Institute for New Economic Thinking Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube NEWSLETTER DONATE The Institute for New Economic Thinking Economics for the common good Navigation About Our Purpose Leadership & Staff History INET in the News Contact Us Research Working Papers Global Commission on Economic Transformation Books with Cambridge University Press Programs Partnerships Experts Grants The Pandemic and the Economic Crisis: A Global Agenda for Urgent Action Addressing COVID-19 in Africa: Challenges and Leadership in a Context of Global Economic Transformation Articles Video Podcast Education Events Plenaries Upcoming Past YSI Topics Collections Agriculture Business & Industry Complexity Economics Culture Development Economic Geography Economics Profession Education Energy Environment Finance Gender Government & Politics Health History Human Behavior Imperfect Knowledge Inequality & Distribution Labor Laws Macroeconomics Math & Statistics Microeconomics Philosophy & Ethics Private Debt Race Technology & Innovation Trade More Login NEWSLETTER DONATE Facebook Twitter YouTube Email About We are economists and thinkers from a range of disciplines who challenge conventional wisdom and advance ideas to better serve society. Our Purpose Leadership & Staff History INET in the News Contact Us Research We develop research that challenges economic orthodoxy and serves society. Working Papers Global Commission on Economic Transformation Books with Cambridge University Press Programs Partnerships Experts Grants The Pandemic and the Economic Crisis: A Global Agenda for Urgent Action Addressing COVID-19 in Africa: Challenges and Leadership in a Context of Global Economic Transformation Articles Commentary, analysis, interviews, and research summaries by INET-affiliated writers. Video Interviews, presentations and video series with provocative economic thinkers, public figures and students. Podcast Economics and Beyond with Rob Johnson, a podcast featuring interviews with some of the world’s most important thinkers, artists, and activists about the pressing issues of our time. The podcast is also available on all major podcasting platforms, such as Apple, Spotify, Google, and Podbean. Education Video series and courses for students and educators interested in exploring new economic thinking. Events To foster new economic thinking, we host convenings that gather together a diverse community of thinkers from different fields, countries, and schools of thought. Plenaries Upcoming Past YSI Through the Young Scholars Initiative (YSI), INET provides support to students, young professionals, or others who embrace new and critical ways of thinking about the economy. YSI fosters conversation among those who wish to engage with new economic thinking and connects young scholars to the Institute’s vast network of economists. Topics Browse all INET content organized by topic Collections Agriculture Business & Industry Complexity Economics Culture Development Economic Geography Economics Profession Education Energy Environment Finance Gender Government & Politics Health History Human Behavior Imperfect Knowledge Inequality & Distribution Labor Laws Macroeconomics Math & Statistics Microeconomics Philosophy & Ethics Private Debt Race Technology & Innovation Trade Search Search How Should the Government Negotiate Medicare Drug Prices? A Guide for the Perplexed The “maximum fair price” for a drug must not only be equitable to those with unmet medical needs who may benefit from the use of the drug but also provide equitable returns on both public and private sector investments. By Fred Ledley Featured Article | Inequality & Distribution, Race Can Baby Bonds Fight the Wealth Gap and Racial Inequality? Connecticut Aims to Find Out. Connecticut is the first state to fund and enact a baby bonds program, inspiring more states to create their own plans. Can it make a difference? By Lynn Parramore Video Sanctions: To Russia with Love James Galbraith flips the script on sanctions. How has Russia adapted? Featuring James K. Galbraith Article | Macroeconomics Inflation and Power It was a mistake to accept a ‘reference price’-determination process for basic commodities led by finance By Alessandro Roncaglia Video Navigating Economic Crises How can we better prepare for financial downturns? Featuring Claudia Sahm Latest Working Paper | Health Considering Returns on Federal Investment in the Negotiated “Maximum Fair Price” of Drugs Under the Inflation Reduction Act: an Analysis By Edward W. Zhou, Paula G. Chaves da Silva, Debbie Quijada, and Fred Ledley Video Empowering Communities Featuring Jo-Ann Rolle Book Power and Inequality By Alessandro Roncaglia Video The Baby Formula Featuring Darrick Hamilton Article | Inequality & Distribution Finally, an Economist Takes on the Topic of Power By Lynn Parramore Article | History, Microeconomics Bagehot on Money: A Bridge Between Bankers and Economists? By Perry G. Mehrling Keep up with our latest news Comments Sign up Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter. We could not subscribe you to our newsletter at this moment. Please try again later. INET in Focus Focus on the Global South Articles Article | Government & Politics Trump, Populism, and the Republican Establishment: Two Graphs From New Hampshire This year’s New Hampshire primary testifies to the disintegration of the Republican Party By Thomas Ferguson, Jie Chen, Paul Jorgensen, and Matthias Lalisse Article | Inequality & Distribution What’s the Fate of Social Security in a Brutally Unequal America? By Lynn Parramore Article | Inequality & Distribution Finally, an Economist Takes on the Topic of Power By Lynn Parramore Article | Macroeconomics Monetary Policy, Illiquidity, and the Inflation Debates By Jan Toporowski Article | Inequality & Distribution, Labor Occupation, Gender, and Labor Market Volatility By Julie Yixia Cai Videos Video The Baby Formula A fair start for every child? Let’s make it reality. Featuring Darrick Hamilton Video Empowering Communities Featuring Jo-Ann Rolle Video A Paradigm Shift Towards Ecological Restoration Featuring Ann Davis Video Can Crypto Be Socially Valuable? Featuring Agostino Capponi Video Busting the Bankers' Club Featuring Gerald Epstein Working Papers Working Paper | Health Considering Returns on Federal Investment in the Negotiated “Maximum Fair Price” of Drugs Under the Inflation Reduction Act: an Analysis The empirical analysis of public sector investments and the health value created by the drugs selected for Medicare price negotiations provides a cost basis for the assessment of the maximum fair price. By Edward W. Zhou, Paula G. Chaves da Silva, Debbie Quijada, and Fred Ledley Working Paper | Macroeconomics Monetary Policy and Illiquidity It is not just all about banking system liquidity By Jan Toporowski Working Paper | History, Macroeconomics Bagehot’s Classical Money View: A Reconstruction Read in the context of his time, Bagehot’s book Lombard Street appears as an attempt above all to reveal the dynamic of globalization when global money was sterling. By Perry G. Mehrling Working Paper | Inequality & Distribution, Labor Labor Market Volatility and Worker Financial Wellbeing: An Occupational and Gender Perspective Research on labor market experience does not explain the link between the volatility low-wage workers encounter and their earnings and it leaves open numerous pressing questions, such as what, if anything, can be done to reduce racial and ethnic differences in economic well-being. By Julie Yixia Cai Working Paper | Inequality & Distribution, Private Debt Mapping Fragility – Functions of Wealth and Social Classes in US Household Finance Examining the crucial role of poverty and inequality in shaping household indebtedness. By ​Orsola Costantini and Carlo D'Ippoliti Working Paper | Macroeconomics The Art of Paradigm Maintenance: How the ‘Science of Monetary Policy’ tries to deal with the inflation of 2021-2023 The re-emergence of inflation threw the ‘science of monetary policy’ off the rails. Do the new tweaks to the theory work? By Servaas Storm Webinars and Events Feb 20, 2024 Webinars and Events Meeting of Young Minds in Frontiers of Economics (MYM) Challenges And Emerging Perspectives Feb 16, 2024 Webinars and Events LEPC VI: Ideas for Building the Future India: Climate Change, Technology, and Growth Jan 18, 2024 Webinars and Events Labor Market Volatility Today: From Understanding Volatility to Reducing Financial Insecurity An expert panel will discuss the latest research on the experiences of workers facing volatility of their time and income, how this volatility impacts their financial outcomes over time, ways current policies help or hinder workers cope with labor market volatility, and other possibilities for change. Oct 13, 2023 Webinars and Events Political Economy of Contemporary South Asia Two-day workshop on: ﻿Dialectics of Globalism and Nationalism, ﻿﻿Inequality and Populism, Agrarian and Urban Crises, Data and Social Justice Mar 28, 2023 Webinars and Events Inclusive Development: Role of Employment and Environment Inclusive development especially the role of employment opportunities in a changing world of work and the environment in envisioning inclusiveness Dec 02, 2022 Webinars and Events Global Inflation Today: What Is to Be Done? Emerging out of the COVID lockdown, inflation in the U.S. and globally has risen to the highest levels in 40 years. On December 2-3, PERI will host a conference to explore the causes of this global inflation spike. Conference participants will also provide critical perspectives on the austerity macroeconomic policies being implemented globally to control inflation and will propose alternative policies capable of managing inflation without imposing austerity and rising mass unemployment. INET in the News News The Economic Times quotes Rob Johnson’s presentation at the Global Business Summit Feb 12, 2024 News Business Insider quotes and cites Lazonick’s INET-funded research on Boeing’s stock buybacks. Feb 12, 2024 News Times Now News features and quotes Rob Johnson’s presentation at the Global Business Summit Feb 12, 2024 News The White House Cites INET's Working Paper on Government Funding of Pharma R&D The White House Dec 08, 2023 Podcasts Podcasts One Earth, One Family, One Future Podcasts | Environment India’s Leadership and Global Challenges of Climate and Finance Podcasts An Immigrant Economist Explores the Land of Inequality Keep up with our latest news Our e-mail newsletter shares new events, courses, articles, and will keep you updated on our initiatives. Comments Sign up Thanks for subscribing to our newsletter. We could not subscribe you to our newsletter at this moment. Please try again later. About Our Purpose Leadership & Staff History INET in the News Contact Us Research Working Papers Programs Partnerships Experts Grants The Pandemic and the Economic Crisis: A Global Agenda for Urgent Action Addressing COVID-19 in Africa: Challenges and Leadership in a Context of Global Economic Transformation Articles Video Podcast Education Events Plenaries Upcoming Past YSI The Institute for New Economic Thinking Facebook Twitter YouTube Institute for New Economic Thinking 60 E 42nd St, Ste 450 New York, NY 10165 (646) 751-4900 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy ©2024 Institute for New Economic Thinking. All Rights Reserved Explore Featured work on Environment India’s Leadership and Global Challenges of Climate and Finance Oct 26, 2023 A Plan to Fix a Fractured World Oct 12, 2023 Climate Finance: Where Does the Money Come From and Who Gets It? Article By Lynn Parramore Aug 7, 2023 View more from this topic All topics Agriculture Business & Industry Complexity Economics Culture Development Economic Geography Economics Profession Education Energy Environment Gender Government & Politics Health History Human Behavior Inequality & Distribution Imperfect Knowledge Labor Laws Finance Macroeconomics Math & Statistics Microeconomics Technology & Innovation Philosophy & Ethics Private Debt Race Trade Featured experts View all Rob Johnson President President, Institute for New Economic Thinking The Lehman Disaster and Why It Matters Today Video Featuring Thomas Ferguson and Rob Johnson Sep 13, 2023 Our Thousand-Year Struggle over Technology and Prosperity Video Featuring Simon Johnson, Rob Johnson, and Daron Acemoglu May 17, 2023 View more from this expert View all experts Featured work in South Asia The Right to Energy & Carbon Tax: A Game Changer in India Article By Rohit Azad and Shouvik Chakraborty Jun 10, 2019 The Bogus Paper that Gutted Workers’ Rights Article By Servaas Storm Feb 6, 2019 Unstable Capital Flows Threaten Emerging Economies Article By Terry McKinley and Francis Cripps Aug 24, 2018 View more from this region All regions Africa Asia China Hong Kong Japan Australia Europe Austria Denmark England France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Portugal UK Ukraine Middle East North America Canada United States South America Brazil Chile South Asia India Russia Poland