Villa Rentals & Luxury Vacation Rentals | Apartments, Homes & Villas for Rent Skip to Page Content Destinations New York New York City California Los Angeles Colorado Aspen Breckenridge Steamboat Vail & Beaver Creek Telluride Utah Park City Wyoming Jackson Hole Hawaii Kona - Big Island Mexico Cabo San Lucas Riviera Maya Puerto Vallarta Punta Mita Central America Costa Rica Belize Caribbean St Barts Turks and Caicos St John Barbados Jamaica Dominican Republic Grand Cayman St Martin Anguilla British Virgin Islands U.S Virgin Islands United Kingdom London France Paris South of France Cannes Saint-Tropez Provence Spain Costa del Sol Ibiza Italy Rome Amalfi Coast Lake Como Sicily Sardinia Tuscany Florence Umbria Indonesia Bali Thailand Phuket Koh Samui List your home Offers Paris Olympics $ USD $ USD £ GBP € EUR $ CAD $ AUD | B Bookings → Change Password → Log Out → My Homes Get in touch Make an enquiry More options Destinations List your home Offers Explore our destinations Paris Olympics Get in touch Make an enquiry More options Login B Benjamin Knopf Bookings Change Password Log Out My Homes Select your currency € $ USD £ GBP € EUR $ CAD $ AUD New York New York City California Los Angeles Colorado Aspen Breckenridge Steamboat Vail & Beaver Creek Telluride Utah Park City Wyoming Jackson Hole Hawaii Kona - Big Island Mexico Cabo San Lucas Riviera Maya Puerto Vallarta Punta Mita Central America Costa Rica Belize Caribbean St Barts Turks and Caicos St John Barbados Jamaica Dominican Republic Grand Cayman St Martin Anguilla British Virgin Islands U.S Virgin Islands United Kingdom London France Paris South of France Cannes Saint-Tropez Provence Spain Costa del Sol Ibiza Italy Rome Amalfi Coast Lake Como Sicily Sardinia Tuscany Florence Umbria Indonesia Bali Thailand Phuket Koh Samui Belize Caribbean Anguilla Barbados British Virgin Islands Dominican Republic Grand Cayman Jamaica St Barts St John St Martin Turks and Caicos U.S. Virgin Islands Caribbean Festive Costa del Sol Costa Rica France French Riviera South of France Hamptons Hawaii Big Island Maui Ibiza Indonesia Bali Italy Amalfi Coast Lake Como Rome Sardinia Sicily Tuscany Umbria London Chelsea Kensington Notting Hill South Kensington Los Angeles Mexico Cabo San Lucas Puerto Vallarta Punta Mita Riviera Maya Mykonos New York Paris Thailand Koh Samui Phuket The Rockies Aspen Breckenridge Jackson Hole Park City Steamboat Telluride Vail & Beaver Creek The Rockies The Rockies Festive Make an enquiry We’re here to help 24/7 Destination This field is required Top destinations London Paris Turks and Caicos New York Los Angeles See all destinations No results found. See all destinations All destinations Arrival Date DEPARTURE DATE First name* This field is required Last name* This field is required Email* This field is required Email is not valid Phone number US - 1 Must be a number How can we help? Send me emails with travel inspiration and news about onefinestay. Submit an enquiry This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. We’ve received your enquiry A travel advisor will be in touch very soon. Ok Enjoy the finest luxury rentals The world's most exclusive vacation rentals and services, where every element is tailored to you. Top destinations London Paris Turks and Caicos New York Los Angeles See all destinations No results found. See all destinations All destinations 2 Guests Number of Guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20+ Find a stay Number of Guests All destinations Top destinations see all London Paris Turks and Caicos New York Los Angeles See all destinations No results found. See all destinations - Clear Skip Next Search Seize the moments 2024 top destinations → Save 10% on last minute stays → Ibiza escape → Serene US Virgin Islands → Paris Olympics 2024 → Special offers → South of France delights → Dominican Republic dream → Step inside and be swept away We are only satisfied with the best. From unbeatable locations to astonishing interior design, we consider every detail when it comes to selecting our luxury vacation rentals. Take your pick from our collection of spacious apartments, beachfront villas or countryside mansions, all ideally located, exquisitely designed and lavishly furnished. The Cliffhanger Ibiza, San Juan Bautista Punta Aguila 22 Dominican Republic, La Romana Villa Verdiblanco Costa Del Sol, Marbella Driftwood Villa Cruz Bay Quarter, Ditleff Point Villa Cana Cassis area, Cassis Azimuth Villa Providenciales, Leeward Settlement Rue d'Aumale Right Bank, Montmartre Sacré-Coeur - South Pigalle Moose Tracks Lodge Colorado, Breckenridge Aldridge Road Villas II Central London, Notting Hill Villa Como Views Lombardy, Lake Como Piazza Mattei Lazio, Rome Royer Gulch Colorado, Telluride Villa Tranquila Guanacaste, Peninsula Papagayo Dione Villa Italy, Sicily Saving Grace Providenciales, Grace Bay Malibu Vista Beach Cities, Malibu Villa Besame Cabo San Lucas, Pedregal 10th Street Country Manhattan, East Village Arrecife Beach House Dominican Republic, Samana Peninsula Avenue de la Bourdonnais Western Paris, Eiffel Tower Hood Park Manor Telluride, Mountain Village The onefinestay experience Tailormade stays for the best memories - leave the details to us. Revel in the comfort and privacy of your exclusive vacation rental while enjoying personalised services and one-of-a-kind experiences. CURATED FOR YOU Our Travel Advisors are on hand to help you select the perfect vacation home. PEACE OF MIND We handpick luxury homes for quality & character and offer 24/7 support. A LOCAL WAY OF LIFE We'll provide you with local travel tips, experiences and trusted recommendations. DISCOVER MORE Speak to a Travel Advisor: Or make an enquiry → Trending destinations U.S. Virgin Islands Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Ibiza Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Dominican Republic Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Cannes Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Provence Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Tuscany Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ London Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Paris Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ New York Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ Los Angeles Discover ↗ Show homes ↗ See all 50 destinations → Trusted by our guests As we were arriving late onefinestay organised transport to collect us and for a greeter (Andrew) to meet us at 8.15pm. We were welcomed with some supplies, a warm smile and a welcoming attitude. During our 11 night stay we did not have to contact onefinestay but we did have housekeeping and fresh linens provided midway through. Sloane Avenue is so well located in a thriving part of Chelsea. The accommodation was excellent and made our stay so comfortable. John Sloane Avenue IV, London, November 2023 onefinestay went above and beyond! Our flat in London was beautiful and cozy - a perfect home away from home. Tara helped us plan a day trip to the Cotswolds and a spa day, she was wonderful to work with. Sonny met us upon our arrival, showed us around our flat and gave us great restaurant recommendations. I'd recommend onefinestay to all of my friends. Jessica Cockspur Street, London, November 2023 The experience from start to finish was superb. From the moment I booked the villa, service was white glove and all our needs were meet pre arrival. From excursions booked to other special requests. Upon arrival we were greeted by our lovely host Johanny who helped us with all our needs. She was kind, resourceful and responsive. The villa itself was stocked with everything and anything we could have needed. The experience was not only one of the best trips I have ever had in my life, but onefinestay made it easy and stress free. I will definitely be booking another house through onefinestay. Amanda Sunsara, Turks and Caicos, November 2023 Wonderful experience! Very helpful tips for the city. The flat was nicely decorated and in a great location. The greeter was very nice as well. Will be back for sure!! Reginald Sloane Avenue IV, London, November 2023 onefinestay staff were very attentive and so keen for us to enjoy our stay. We loved every minute and it was made so easy knowing the team had our back for anything additional we needed. Thank you, such a great service! Tina Henniker Mews, London, October 2023 We have always had great experiences with onefinestay - and have been using them for many years - from their early days! Even as they have grown, they are still responsive, tailor stays to your needs, the properties are carefully chosen, well maintained, as pictured and also if any questions arise they are so responsive. We will continue to use them in London and elsewhere with confidence that they will do what they can to make our stay wonderful! Elizabeth Edge Street IV, London, October 2023 Trustpilot Join the onefinestay community Be the first to hear about our latest destinations, discover our newest homes and win in our exclusive competitions. Invalid email Count me in → Form submitted successfully Recognised by See more ↗ Trustpilot Home Collection London Paris New York Los Angeles Rome Florence Chalet Collection Aspen Jackson Hole Park City Breckenridge Steamboat Vail & Beaver Creek Villa Collection Saint-Tropez Cannes Turks and Caicos St John St Thomas St Barts St Martin Jamaica Barbados Tuscany Amalfi Lake Como Ibiza Costa del Sol Bali Phuket Koh Samui Punta Mita Cabo San Lucas Riviera Maya Experience Additional Services Reviews ALL - Accor Live Limitless Monthly Rentals Offers Work with us Jobs Press room Travel agency partners List your home About Journal About onefinestay Our team Policies Housekeeping commitment Cancellation policy Website terms of use Terms and conditions Privacy policy Get in touch Enquiries +1 855-553-4954 Contact us Set your currency Select currency $ USD £ GBP € EUR $ CAD $ AUD Prices shown here are approximate conversions from local currency 'onefinestay' is a registered trademark of Lifealike Limited, UK company number 06554630. © 2017, all rights reserved.