Letterboxd • Social film discovery. Letterboxd — Your life in film Username Password Remember me Forgotten username or password? × Search: Dune: Part Two (2024) Track films you’ve watched.Save those you want to see.Tell your friends what’s good. Get started — it‘s free! The social network for film lovers. Also available on iOS, Apple TV and Android Letterboxd lets you… Keep track of every film you’ve ever watched (or just start from the day you join) Show some love for your favorite films, lists and reviews with a “like” Write and share reviews, and follow friends and other members to read theirs Rate each film on a five-star scale (with halves) to record and share your reaction Keep a diary of your film watching (and upgrade to Pro for comprehensive stats) Compile and share lists of films on any topic and keep a watchlist of films to see And the Oscar Goes to... The nominees for Best Motion Picture of the Year at the 96th Academy Awards. Follow the Oscars HQ. Just Reviewed… 1,807,286,096 films watched Write and share reviews. Compile your own lists. Share your life in film. Below are some popular reviews and lists from this week. Sign up to create your own. Popular reviews this week More Dune: Part Two 2024 Karst ★★★★★ one of those moviegoing experiences i’ll cherish for the rest of my life Dune: Part Two 2024 George Carmi ★★★★★ 73 Nothing short of a monumental achievement in science-fiction filmmaking. Sensory overload and one of the most immersive cinematic experiences ever crafted. Denis Villeneuve is operating on another level. A level of ambition and audacity we rarely see within the art form. Dune: Part Two elevates itself to transcendent heights, among the pantheon of greats. It has cemented its name alongside the immortals in film history as one of the greatest sequels ever made.I've had time to really let this… Dune: Part Two 2024 ConnorEatsPants ★★★★★ 70 i have seen the light of Islam Dune: Part Two 2024 24framesofnick ★★★★★ 82 That’s it. That’s the best sci fi ever madeThere is simply nothing that could ever be as spectacular, as grand, as well thought out, as beautiful, as fucking AMAZINGThis is a movie that exists only once in a generation. A story that grabs you and pulls you in. Enticing you to follow the journey until you’re ripped to shreds from exhaustionThere is a scale here that could only be accomplished today in this time of our species.… Dune: Part Two 2024 Sydney🚀 ★★★★★ 39 Are you fucking kidding me Dune: Part Two 2024 tyler ★★★★★ leaving arrakis and coming back into our shitty reality after the movie ended was absolutely devastating Popular lists More good movies that are free on archive.org oliver 18K 139 Dude is havin a rough night ~{ETHAN}~ 2.3K 438 classic movies for beginners. alanis ྀིྀི 35K 75 Popular Reviewers More James (Schaffrillas) 1,003 films, 872 reviews Following Follow Jay 1,363 films, 1,610 reviews Following Follow Zoë Rose Bryant 4,821 films, 2,327 reviews Following Follow tyler 2,694 films, 177 reviews Following Follow 24framesofnick 1,205 films, 579 reviews Following Follow Recent Stories All HQs High On Films 6 Movies to Watch if you like Tyler Perry’s ‘Mea Culpa’ on Netflix Tyler Perry’s “Mea Culpa,” has been topping Netflix charts ever since its release, in spite of a lukewarm critical reception. This goes to show the inclination audiences have towards steamy thrillers that are full of twists and turns that you can’t anticipate. The 2024 thriller follows lawyer Mea Harper (Kelly Rowland) as she takes on the case of artist Zyair Malloy (Trevante Rhodes), accused of murdering his girlfriend Hydie (María Gabriela González). Read Story Netflix Spaceman: Everything to Know About Adam Sandler’s Sci-Fi Drama In Spaceman, based on the novel Spaceman of Bohemia by Jaroslav Kalfař, Adam Sandler plays Jakub, an astronaut adrift in the cosmos. And even in the context of the actor and comedian’s more dramatic performances (Hustle and Uncut Gems come to mind), the film sees Sandler exploring more somber and introspective territory. Read Story Hyde Park Picture House Hyde Park Picture House recommends... Four Daughters This week our Operations & Programme Manager, Robb, loved the award-winning documentary Four Daughters. Here's what he has to say about it... Read Story Milestone Wexner Center's Cinema Revival 2024! It was an incredible weekend in Columbus at the Wexner Center's Cinema Revival with Dave Filipi and his staff. Martina Savoca Guay screened THE MANY MIRACLES OF HOUSEHOLD SAINTS, Nancy Savoca and Richard Guay showed HOUSEHOLD SAINTS, and Charles Burnett premiered THE ANNIHILATION OF FISH! Included was a Missing Movies panel with Milestone Film, Richard, Nancy, Charles, and David Stenn! Read Story The Prince Charles Cinema BLADE RUNNER : DOUBLE FEATURE in 4K! One of our most popular sci-fi Double Features is back! Don't miss Ridley Scott's BLADE RUNNER: THE FINAL CUT and Denis Villeneuve's BLADE RUNNER 2049, as they screen back-to-back in one night, in stunning 4K, on Friday 12th April! Read Story DCA Cinema The magic of 35mm film At DCA we're lucky to have an expert team of in-house projectionists working in our wonderful projection booth during every screening. Read Story Utopia Another Body Limited Edition Blu-Ray Release 💿 This special limited edition slipcover (designed by Beth Morris) is limited to 1,000 units and is only available on VinegarSyndrome.com and at select indie retailers. Absolutely no major retailers will be stocking them. Read Story Tokyo International Film Festival Multifaceted Japanese Actor Suzuki Ryohei to Receive Excellence in Asian Cinema Award at the 17th AFA Hong Kong/Tokyo (March 4, 2024) The Asian Film Awards Academy (AFAA) proudly announces that this year’s Excellence in Asian Cinema Award will be presented to renowned Japanese actor SUZUKI Ryohei, who has made an indelible mark on Asian cinema over nearly two decades on screen and over 30 film credits as an actor. As previously announced, AFAA also revealed the other awardee to be acclaimed Korean actress Lee Young-ae. Both awardees will accept the honor at the awards ceremony to be held at the West… Read Story The Extra Credits Denis Villeneuve Ranked with Dune: Part Two Denis Villeneuve's past decade of filmmaking is legendary and the ambitious Dune: Part Two is as politically radical and grand in scope as some of his best work. Here is our ranking of his movies; you can follow our podcast to hear several explorations of his emotionally meticulous and conceptually challenging allegories. Read Story Movie Night Extravaganza Episode 57: The NeverEnding Story with Renee Ruin "Having a luck dragon with you is the only way to go on a quest." Read Story Film Colossus Dune: Part Two (2024) | The Definitive Explanation Dune: Part One was a coming-of-age story that emphasized Paul’s loss of innocence. Everything he knew of the world went up in smoke because of Emperor Shaddam and Baron Harkonnen. He lost his father, close friends, and almost his life. That movie ends with the symbolic death of “Paul Atreides, the son” and his rebirth as “Paul Atreides, Duke of House Atreides.” Dune: Part Two teeters on what kind of man Paul will be. Will he lead with his heart or his head?… Read Story AFI What to Watch: March 2024 | AFI Alumni Projects Looking for a new film or TV series to watch? Check out these projects by Alumni from the AFI Conservatory film school. Read Story Recent Showdowns More In progress Calling the Shots Best Oscar-nominated film directing Cutter’s Way Best Oscar-nominated film editing The Breadwinner Best Oscar-nominated animated films Recent News More Killer Tunes and Dreamy Gazes Katie Rife picks our March restoration, repertory and re-release highlights. Shades of Gray A deep-dive conversation with director James Gray on his first five films. What They Were Made For Billie Eilish and FINNEAS on the Easter eggs, synths and ad-libs in their Oscar-nominated Barbie song. About News Pro Apps Podcast Year in Review Gift Guide Help Terms API Contact X Threads Facebook Instagram TikTok YouTube © Letterboxd Limited. Made by fans in Aotearoa New Zealand. Film data from TMDb. Mobile site. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply. Select your preferred poster Reset poster Reset for item Save changes Save for item This item only Upgrade to remove ads Letterboxd is an independent service created by a small team, and we rely mostly on the support of our members to maintain our site and apps. Please consider upgrading to a Pro account—for less than a couple bucks a month, you’ll get cool additional features like all-time and annual stats pages (example), the ability to select (and filter by) your favorite streaming services, and no ads! Learn more about Pro