Alternative Press Magazine Latest Music Style Culture Meta APTV Shop Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok Alternative Press Magazine Liam Gallagher and John Squire appear on the cover of Alternative Press’ Spring 2024 Issue Music Liam Gallagher and John Squire appear on the cover of Alternative Press’ Spring 2024 Issue Preorder your copy now. Anna Zanes Paramore share "Thick Skull" video, directed by Turnstile's Brendan Yates The new This Is Why visual picks up where the video for the title track left off. Amanda Hatfield Sophie Powers’ viral track “Obsessed” takes on toxic romance The pop artist unpacks her viral anthem for Alternative Press. Alternative Press Magazine These are the March album releases in alternative, rock, metal, and beyond See which albums are coming out this month with our regularly updated release guide. Alternative Press Magazine One Step Closer announce new album All You Embrace, share "Leap Years" They will tour with Koyo and Anxious until the end of March. Alternative Press Magazine Drain tap Terror, Scowl, Angel Du$t, and more for spring tour The massive run also includes dates with Madball, H2O, Twitching Tongues, Mindforce, and more. Alternative Press Magazine Load More Articles Style Brain Dead’s Kyle Ng to join Joel Madden on Ep. 55 of Artist Friendly Here’s what to know about the new episode. Alternative Press Magazine Shy Snider’s Havoc makes provocative, “anti-fashion” band merch Meet the brand worn by Oli Sykes and collaborating with Scowl. Emma Wilkes Turnstile team up with Converse for limited-edition sneakers The drop features a Converse Chuck 70 and One Star Pro, inspired by Turnstile’s album art and personal style. Anna Zanes PLEASURES introduces new evocative Robert Mapplethorpe collection The line is inspired by Mapplethorpe’s powerful impact on art and music. Anna Zanes Alligator Jesus shows his teeth The LA artist has designed grillz and jewelry for stars like Lil Nas X and Hayley Williams. Anna Zanes Luke Fracher created a community out of his vintage obsession The shop draws all types of New Yorkers, from suburban moms to Deadheads. Alessandra Schade Load More Articles Culture Plushie Love is creating collectible toys of your hardcore heroes Meet Sophie and Emma Hendry, the twin designers behind Plushie Love. Anna Zanes The weird and wondrous art of Eri Wakiyama Meet the artist who created the “poisoned” poster accompanying our Green Day cover. Neville Hardman Jedidiah Jenkins to join Joel Madden on Ep. 46 of Artist Friendly Here’s what to know about the new episode. Alternative Press Magazine Claudio Sanchez announces The Amory Wars: No World For Tomorrow The 12-issue chapter will conclude The Amory Wars. Neville Hardman 10 most disturbing American Horror Story episodes ever, ranked From Murder House to Freak Show, see which ones made the cut. Dana Reboe Photographer Richie Lee Davis’ fanzine is a unique outlet for underground artists Richie Lee Davis captures timeless yet raw moments with 13 musicians in his LA studio in Sabrina Zine. Anna Zanes Load More Articles Meta Meet Gemma Sheppard, the very first stylist of the metaverse We sat down with fashion industry veteran Gemma Sheppard — the first stylist in the metaverse. Ryan S. Gladwin Celebrity-favorite tattoo artist Snuffy merges surreal art and Web3 with Looking In: To Know Yourself Visual artist Snuffy is expanding his career beyond tattoos. With his new Web3 project, he blends surreal art with mental health. Alessandro DeCaro Meet So-Hee Woo, creator of the Kid LAROI's metaverse set We sat down with So-Hee Woo, the creator behind metaverse sets for the Kid LAROI, Oliver Tree, and Trippie Redd. Lisa Kwon State of the Metaverse Address: paying homage to the internet pioneers of the ’90s This State of the Metaverse Address is an homage to internet pioneers of the ’90s. Welcome to the Wild, Wild West of Web3. Karsen Daily How PRISM Collective is helping others feel like they belong in Web3 PRISM founders GRL and REN are on a mission to onboard more artists in Web3 in order to diversify the metaverse. Alex Hutchi How Scab Shop and Deadfellaz are bringing tattoo culture into the metaverse Scott Campbell is building his reputation as one of the world’s most celebrated tattoo artists. Now he’s hitting the metaverse. Alternative Press Magazine Load More Articles Around Our Network Invisible Oranges – The Metal Blog Hands of Goro Claw Their Way to the Edge of Heavy Metal On Self-Titled Debut (Early Album Stream) BrooklynVegan Our 20 Favorite Hardcore Albums of 2023 Invisible Oranges – The Metal Blog How Fuming Mouth Touched Darkness and Returned With Gold on “Last Day of Sun” (Interview) BrooklynVegan 33 great 2023 albums from indie / alternative legends THE AP STORE IS NOW OPEN EXCLUSIVE VINYL, COLLECTIBLES, MERCH + MORE Features Liam Gallagher and John Squire appear on the cover of Alternative Press’ Spring 2024 Issue Paramore share "Thick Skull" video, directed by Turnstile's Brendan Yates Sophie Powers’ viral track “Obsessed” takes on toxic romance These are the March album releases in alternative, rock, metal, and beyond One Step Closer announce new album All You Embrace, share "Leap Years" Drain tap Terror, Scowl, Angel Du$t, and more for spring tour Alternative Press InformationAdvertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Follow Us Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Youtube Visit us on TikTok © 2024 Alternative Press magazine. All rights reserved.