Palaces of Pity | Malibu ← more fromUNO NYC + add album track merch listening party new artist existing artist stats × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel partner × See all results No matching results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel artists PRO view site edit profile tools subscription subscription view collection purchases no results settings help log out sign up log in Get fresh music recommendations delivered to your inbox every Friday. We’ve updated our Terms of Use to reflect our new entity name and address. You can review the changes here. We’ve updated our Terms of Use. You can review the changes here. music merch community Palaces of Pity by Malibu supported by Gabrielle Rose Gabrielle Rose makes me want to change my whole life Favorite track: Cheirosa '94. C://FNFN C://FNFN easily in my top10 of 2022, regardless of the genre Favorite track: Cheirosa '94. BC BC Transports me back to a simpler time. The blissful side of the dancefoor Favorite track: Iliad. Jacob Newman Jacob Newman A sort of random discovery for me, reminds me of so much yet is totally fresh and mysterious at the same time. I keep coming back to it, lovely compositions, beautiful and dreamy music/melody/harmony...10/10 will listen again and again. diella diella static blurs of reverberated emotions; in stasis to be analyzed and washed away by the sea Favorite track: Atlantic Diva. APERTURE APERTURE Ethereally beautiful EP Favorite track: Iliad. :( Alliyah Enyo Alma ant1bert1 nathan (^・ω・^§)ﾉ xeccute kebab pleurote dj_crush carnelia apostatbaby mialund starcharms peterae 0x01 cuttlefishman AkiraBC TheMicrogram Arthur soulglance Soothing Sounds of Insanity Es4 mm/dd/yyyy/ eantropacht DöTS CöNNëCTëD [ööëë] fr0zen_sh mistr distress thomas danielfits Mithril D.Jenx john kelly exteeng John Kuble-Ball mohw chanel Andrew Wansley Sub-C borismusic juju Ehness sofie van geit no_antenna ledonza Jonesiii From the Moon JM Hulbs treefort fiáin sleepssundays Nils Feldhus upwards to nowhere Travis Klunick TURNING PD Stuart whatizdis Simon Harper mboudr35 agnes Andrew Barwick more... / Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album $6 USD or more Send as Gift MALIBU hoodie Sweater/Hoodie + Digital Album varsity forever 21 mall rat vibes — treat yourself with a classic • stanley stella hoodie, organic cotton, black, puff ink print • back illustration by melek zertal hand-printed in paris, france by shlag lab <3photos : naomi Includes unlimited streaming of Palaces of Pity via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Sold Out MALIBU shirt T-Shirt/Shirt + Digital Album varsity forever 21 mall rat vibes — treat yourself with a classic • gildan heavy cotton shirt, black, puff ink print • back illustration by melek zertal hand-printed in paris, france by shlag lab • *** this is an updated version of the first batch, different back design :) <3(i am wearing a size S on front pic and M on back pic)photos : naomi Includes unlimited streaming of Palaces of Pity via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Sold Out Share / Embed 1. The Things That Fade 05:06 info buy track 2. So Far Out Of Love 04:24 info buy track 3. Atlantic Diva 04:03 info buy track 4. Cheirosa '94 02:04 info buy track 5. Iliad 09:00 info buy track about Written, produced, recorded between 2018 & 2022 in France and the United Kingdom. Special thanks to the palace builders, the ones who supported me and generously helped crafting this record ; Florian, Oliver, Madelen, Paul, Joshua, Melek, Igor, Jackmichaelking user on freesound . com, Ulysse, Antoine, Derek, Charles, Ailton, Kristina & Josh. And extra thanks to my loved ones, you know who you are ♡ credits released November 18, 2022 Cello : Oliver Coates Cello : Madelen Dressler-Vollsaeter Guitar : Florian Le Prisé Mix : Paul Corley Mastering : Paul Corley & Joshua Eustis Artwork shot by Igor Pjörrt in Madeira Island. Cover and booklet design by Igor Pjörrt & Barbara Braccini. license all rights reserved tags Tags alternative ambient downtempo soundtrack France Shopping cart subtotal USD taxes calculated at checkout Check out about Malibu France placeholder i like the ocean and i make music sometimes Twitter SoundCloud Instagram YouTube shows Mar 23 Colour Factory London, UK discography Palaces of Pity Nov 2022 One Life : four remixes Apr 2021 Lost At Sea (Kelly Moran Remix) Dec 2020 One Life Nov 2019 crosses (cover) Jun 2018 i can see hills Jan 2017 contact / help Contact Malibu Streaming and Download help Redeem code Report this album or account If you like Malibu, you may also like: UNTITLEDby dj lostboi supported by 146 fans who also own “Palaces of Pity” dj lostboi is a creator of worlds, a painter of emotions, and an architect of music that is both blissful and engaging. That last part is the hardest to pull off, yet dj lostboi does it again and again on this release. It’s possible to play this at any time, in any mood, and get lost in a sea of beauty and tranquility. Big up Skee Mask for putting me on to dj lostboi, and in turn this otherworldly release that’s full of so many subtle sounds and intricate details. On repeat. Edward go to album MUSIC FOR LANDINGSby dj lostboi supported by 133 fans who also own “Palaces of Pity” Listened to this ep while I waited for my flight back to Denver. The last song ended right as we were about to take off. Amazing ep. DJpussy™ go to album THE BLUE STALLIONby dj lostboi supported by 111 fans who also own “Palaces of Pity” I knew of Malibu, I've now made the connection to DJ Lostboi; this is truly outstanding. Someone please release physical copies of this phenomenal work. Glyn Morton go to album Never Be A Punching Bag for Nobody (Original Soundtrack)by Naomi Yang A soundtrack to a film that is both historical and autobiographical, Yang’s music here finds graceful beauty in slowly unfolding melodies. Bandcamp New & Notable Jun 4, 2023 go to album Two Cares Due Noneby Absolutely Free This lustrous analog synth LP from the Toronto trio is their first film soundtrack, aiming to capture the alchemy of creativity. Bandcamp New & Notable May 12, 2020 go to album Animalby Indoor Voices Toronto artist Jonathan Relph works through depression on this bleak and beautiful album, half dream-pop and half ambient. Bandcamp New & Notable Feb 18, 2020 go to album hybtwibt?by Space Afrika supported by 103 fans who also own “Palaces of Pity” i haven't been through what you've been through, but i want to understand everett go to album Bandcamp Daily your guide to the world of Bandcamp The Stories Behind Big Crown Records’ Soulful Singles Composer Meara O’Reilly Brings Hockets Into the Future The Merch Table: Samana Give Listeners a Map to Locate an Obelisk Hidden in Wales On Bandcamp Radio Dis Fig joins the show to talk about her collab album with The Body. listen now Bandcamp log in terms of use privacy copyright acceptable use & moderation switch to mobile view language: