Coda Story Donate Channels Technology Science & Health Disinformation History About Video Coda на русском Support Coda The Big IdeaShifting Borders Age of Nostalgia Battling History China’s repression of journalists Ransomware NewslettersOligarchy Authoritarian Tech Disinfo Matters Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Journalism that unpacks the global authoritarian toolkit Learn more Identity Who is the real Javier Milei? Danielle Lee Tomson Climate In the Swedish Arctic, a battle for the climate rages Isobel Cockerell Social Media Silicon Savanna: The workers taking on Africa’s digital sweatshops Erica Hellerstein Social Media How tech design is always political Ellery Roberts Biddle Disinfo Matters The gaffes and biases of Google Gemini Shougat Dasgupta Channels Technology Science & Health Disinformation History Top Stories For migrants under 24/7 surveillance, the UK feels like ‘an outside prison’ In Russia, the anti-LGBTQ campaign marches on The Albanian town that TikTok emptied Why are climate skeptics speaking out about the Uyghur genocide? How the global anti-LGBTQ movement found a home in Turkey Preview Preview Preview Subscribe to Coda's Newsletters Coda Newsletters Oligarchy Authoritarian Tech Disinfo Matters Subscribe Leave this field empty if you're human: The Big Idea Shifting Borders Borders are liminal, notional spaces made more unstable by unparalleled migration, geopolitical ambition and the use of technology to transcend and, conversely, reinforce borders. Perhaps the most urgent contemporary question is how we now imagine and conceptualize boundaries. And, as a result, how we think about community. In this special issue are stories of postcolonial maps, of dissidents tracked in places of refuge, of migrants whose bodies become the borderline, and of frontier management outsourced by rich countries to much poorer ones. Read more When your body becomes the border feature Erica Hellerstein India and China draw a line in the snow feature Shougat Dasgupta How an EU-funded agency is working to keep migrants from reaching Europe feature Zach Campbell and Lorenzo D'Agostino Turkey uses journalists to silence critics in exile feature Frankie Vetch Channel Technology Modern technology was supposed to end dictatorship. But will it end democracy instead? explore channel In this channel Surveillance Social Media Legal Tools Biometrics Latest Social Media How tech design is always political newsletter Ellery Roberts Biddle 29 Feb Social Media How Big Tech let down Navalny Ellery Roberts Biddle 21 Feb Social Media Taiwan confronts China’s disinformation behemoth ahead of vote feature Brian Hioe 5 Jan show more explore channel Channel Science & Health Access to all human knowledge is at our fingertips. But we’re entering into a crisis of reason. explore channel In this channel Climate Pseudohealth Weaponized Doubt Latest Climate Year in review: On the front lines and fault lines of the climate crisis roundup Peter Guest 27 Dec, 2023 Climate In the Swedish Arctic, a battle for the climate rages feature Isobel Cockerell 7 Dec, 2023 Climate Why are climate skeptics speaking out about the Uyghur genocide? feature Nithin Coca 14 Nov, 2023 show more explore channel Channel Disinformation Propaganda warfare is increasingly shaping narratives, policies and lives around the world. explore channel In this channel Armed Conflict Information War Traditional Values Soft Power Latest Traditional Values In Russia, the anti-LGBTQ campaign marches on roundup Katia Patin 6 Dec, 2023 Traditional Values How the global anti-LGBTQ movement found a home in Turkey feature Frankie Vetch 18 Oct, 2023 Information War While Greece burned, politicians blamed migrants feature Shola Lawal 14 Sep, 2023 show more explore channel Channel History Interpreting the past to serve political agendas explore channel In this channel Memory Identity Amnesia Narrative spin Latest Identity Who is the real Javier Milei? essay Danielle Lee Tomson 2 Feb Narrative spin Israel and the ‘crime of crimes’ q&a Avi Ackermann 30 Jan Memory Year in review: How memory wars have shaped global headlines roundup Katia Patin 14 Dec, 2023 show more explore channel Oligarchy Putin's Oligarchs: A year in the sanctioned lives of Russia’s richest men Stunned by sanctions, Russia’s wealthiest families take drastic steps to survive interactive BY CODA STAFF AND LIGHTHOUSE REPORTS Read more The Big Idea Age of Nostalgia Infatuation with a mythologized history has overtaken communities, cultures, entire regions, sending society and identity into a fun-house mirror of nostalgic reflections. This special issue brings you stories of people finding solace in pasts imagined and grieving for futures foreclosed in a time of existential threats. Read more Grieving California feature Erica Hellerstein When globalization was king and home was elsewhere feature Shougat Dasgupta In the Khmer Rouge’s last stronghold, myths from the Cambodian genocide still reign feature Fiona Kelliher In Hungary, it’s Central Asia to the rescue feature Katia Patin Thank you for your support! Authoritarians muddy the public conversation. We clarify it with journalism. Help Coda stay on the stories that matter by becoming a Coda member. Your contribution is tax deductible*. Support Coda *Coda Story is a 501(c)3 U.S. non-profit. We do not accept donations that raise the possibility, or appearance, of a conflict of interest. Donors contributing to Coda understand that Coda exercises full autonomy over the journalism we produce. Channels Technology Science & Health Disinformation History The Big Idea Shifting Borders Age of Nostalgia Battling History China’s repression of journalists Ransomware About Our team Our supporters Write for us Contact us Newsletters Oligarchy Authoritarian Tech Disinfo Matters Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Copyright © 2024 Coda Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.