General Motors: Pushing the Limits of Transportation & Technology GM Expands Super Cruise Network to 750,000 Hands-Free Miles on Compatible Roads, Largest in North America. Read More Super Cruise available in: Lane Change on Demand and Automatic Lane Change not available while trailering. Always pay attention while driving and when using Super Cruise. Do not use a hand-held device. Requires active Super Cruise plan or trial. Terms apply. Visit chevysupercruise.com for compatible roads and full details. Google, Google Play and Google Maps are trademarks of Google LLC. Depicted vehicles, chargers, and features may be simulated or preproduction and are subject to change. Certain products are not currently available or subject to limited availability. For vehicle availability, features and limitations, see brand’s website and vehicle’s Owner’s Manual. We pioneer the innovations that move and connect people to what matters. Simulated, preproduction or concept products shown and subject to change. Certain products not currently available or subject to limited availability. See vehicle websites for details. Electric Vehicle Lineup Our EV lineup has something for everyone From performance vehicles to work trucks, from daily drivers to commercial delivery, we're making it easy to go electric. Learn More EV Live Get charged up to drive electric Still curious about EVs and all they have to offer? Connect with an EV LIVE expert and get real-time answers to all your EV questions. Join a Live Tour Simulated background shown. All safety standards adhered to. Earn a living. Make a life. There are jobs where you earn a living. Then there are jobs that help you make a life. We celebrate our more than 51,000 U.S. manufacturing employees who are all one-of-a-kind. From dancers, to roboticists, to chocolatiers. Meet some of the people we are proud to have as a part of Team GM. Learn More Why we're here Our vision is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion Learn More