Domestic Violence Support | National Domestic Violence Hotline Skip to navigation [n] Skip to content [c] Skip to footer [f] Menu En Español Get Help What is a Safety Plan? Local Resources Healthcare, IPV, and Health Centers Legal Help Deaf Services Native American Services Identify Abuse Understand Relationship Abuse Warning Signs of Abuse Power and Control Why People Abuse Abuse and Cultural Context Plan for Safety Interactive Safety Plan Internet Safety Supporting Your Children Pet Safety Support Others Start a Conversation Ways to Support Why People Stay Help for Abusive Partners Search Our Resources News Media Room About History 25 Years of The Hotline Board of Directors Strategic Plan Partners and Sponsors For Stakeholders Impact and State Reports Domestic Violence Statistics Learn About Policies and Legislation Domestic Violence Awareness Month Download and Request Materials Get Involved 2024 National Conference on Domestic Violence Careers Shop Speakers Bureau Donate Other Ways to Give Search Search Close exit Leave this site safely You can quickly leave this website by clicking the “X” in the top right or by pressing the Escape key twice. To browse this site safely, be sure to regularly clear your browser history. Got it Security Alert Internet usage can be monitored and is impossible to erase completely. If you’re concerned your internet usage might be monitored, call us at 800.799.SAFE (7233). Learn more about digital security and remember to clear your browser history after visiting this website. Click the red “X” in the upper-right corner or “Escape” button on your keyboard twice at any time to leave TheHotline.org immediately. OK Here For You. At this time, we're experiencing unusually high call/chat volume. Wait times to connect with our live advocates may be longer than 15 minutes. We're here 24/7 and truly apologize for the wait. If you are looking for local providers and resources, please search the Get Help section. Call 1.800.799.SAFE (7233)TTY 1.800.787.3224 Chat Chat live now Text Text "START" to 88788 Visit our page for Privacy Policy. Msg&DataRatesMayApply. Text STOP to opt out. What to expect when you contact us Privacy Policy a blinking eye icon Free. Confidential. 24/7. Get Help Identify Abuse Plan for Safety Support Others Local Resources Get Involved Everyone deserves healthy relationships. When you're ready, we're here to listen. domestic violence page Create a path to safety a quote mark icon “I credit The Hotline with saving my life from an abuser, giving me the facts I needed in an emergency to equip myself to get out.” Anonymous survivor 24/7 access to resources and support specifically aimed at teen and young adult relationships Contact National Domestic Violence Hotline PO Box 90249 Austin, Texas 78709 Administrative Line: 737-225-3150 Follow Facebook Instagram X YouTube The Hotline® National Domestic Violence Hotline Privacy Policy This project was supported by Grant Number 90EV0459 from the Administration on Children, Youth and Families, Family and Youth Services Bureau, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. The opinions, findings, conclusions and recommendations expressed in this publication are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Administration on Children, Youth and Families, Family and Youth Services Bureau, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Exempted from federal income tax under the provisions of Section 501(c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. This Web site is funded through Grant 2020-V3-GX-0135 from the Office for Victims of Crime, Office of Justice Programs, U.S. Department of Justice. Neither the U.S. Department of Justice nor any of its components operate, control, are responsible for, or necessarily endorse, this Web site (including, without limitation, its content, technical infrastructure, and policies, and any services or tools provided. Call 1.800.799.SAFE (7233) Chat live now Text "START" to 88788 Visit our page for Privacy Policy. Msg&DataRatesMayApply. Text STOP to opt out.