Nearpod: You'll wonder how you taught without it . Request a quote Sign up for FREE Log in However you teach, it’s in Nearpod Real-time insights into student understanding through interactive lessons, interactive videos, gamification, and activities — all in a single platform. STUDENTS Join a lesson . submit TEACHERS Sign up for FREE or Log in ADMINISTRATORS Discover more or Request a quote STUDENTS Join a lesson TEACHERS Sign up for FREE ADMINISTRATORS Discover more We believe teaching is the most important job in the world Our mission is to make teaching easier with the interactive tools, resources, and content teachers need, all in one place ⟶ What is Nearpod? See how it works Visualize and support student understanding Use insights from 20+ formative assessment and dynamic media features to guide your teaching and improve student outcomes Adapt instruction or address misconceptions on-the-fly Differentiate, enrich, or provide extra support to meet students where they’re at from wherever they are learning (physical classroom, remote, hybrid) Start free trial “I love being able to see the student’s individual work in the Draw It feature. Also, the Quiz feature gives me immediate feedback for student understanding! It’s great in determining who needs remediation.” - Ashley Guy, 3rd-grade teacher, Mobile, Alabama One platform, multiple ways to teach Interactive slides Interactive slides Make any slides-based lessons interactive and gather data on student understanding by adding formative assessments, simulations, and dynamic media. Or choose from thousands of ready-to-teach, customizable, standards-aligned lessons from teacher favorite brands. Interactive videos Create active video experiences to check for understanding with built-in interactive questions. Choose from our library of standards-aligned videos, or bring one of your favorite videos into Nearpod. Interactive videos Gamification & activities Gamification & activities Deepen student understanding and engagement through gamification and activities like Time to Climb, Matching Pairs, Draw It, and NEW Drag & Drop. Create your own or choose from thousands of activities across grades and subjects. Flex between classroom, distance learning, or hybrid Whatever learning looks like this year, feel confident that your lessons will work in any environment. Regardless of device type or availability, the same lesson can shift with your plans. Nearpod lessons are built in partnership with trusted brands Nearpod lessons are built in partnership with trusted brands We’re connected with the tools you’re already using Add the power of Nearpod to your existing Power Points, Google Slides, worksheets, videos, and other resources you love Work with the Learning Management Systems and other platforms you’re already using to assign and manage lessons Streamline the learning experience for you and your students, because everything’s in one place and accessible through a single link Learn more about Nearpod’s integrations ⟶ “Nearpod’s integration with Microsoft’s Immersive Reader allowed my ELL students translations within the lesson. Prior to using this, I was recreating each slide with both English and Spanish text.” - Heather Schmidt, Multigrade teacher, Orange County, Virginia Teachers asked, and we delivered—check out the latest updates to Nearpod Lesson builder Easier than ever to create in Nearpod Seamless lesson creation experience—quickly build, edit, and reorder slides and activities. Live Teacher Feedback Real-time insights Visualize and support student learning with real-time insights and feedback. Enhanced Search and Expanded Library Less time searching with new enhancements 22,000+ resources are just a click away with faster, better search results 8.5k+ interactive lessons 10.2k+ interactive videos 3.3k+ games and activities Want to learn more? These updates were made just for you! Get the details on What's New with Nearpod: Back to school 2023 ⟶ Unlock the full instructional power of Nearpod with a school or district license Empower teachers with unlimited access to everything they need to engage students Strengthen instructional consistency and collaboration with centralized sharing of lessons and insights Maximize impact with even more access to additional lesson creation, sharing, and delivery features Give all your teachers the support they need with dedicated assistance, onboarding, and training Discover more We’re honored to support the 1.2 million Nearpod teachers around the world. Like what you see? Teachers Get real-time insights into student learning. Sign up for FREE and get started today. Let’s go Administrators Interested in bringing Nearpod to your school or district? Get in touch Get started How it works Pricing Resources hub Blog Help center Communities Our platform Interactive slides Interactive video Gamification & activities Content & features Lesson library Formative assessment Distance learning For schools & districts Site license Programs Integrations International Higher Education Get to know us Who we are Press Careers Contact us Flocabulary Newsletter Find Us . . . . . International United States United States International Available for the following platforms . . . . Product Terms of Service and License Website Privacy Notice Website Terms of Use Privacy Settings