The makers' choice for sysadmins, developers and desktop users. Home Tools News Contribute Conferences Up The makers' choice for sysadmins, developers and desktop users. Tumbleweed Get the newest Linux packages with our rolling release. Fast! Integrated! Stabilized! Tested! More information Install Tumbleweed Any user who wishes to have the newest packages that include, but are not limited to, the Linux kernel, SAMBA, git, desktops, office applications and many other packages, will want Tumbleweed. Tumbleweed appeals to Power Users, Software Developers and openSUSE Contributors. If you require the latest software stacks and Integrated Development Environment or need a stable platform closest to bleeding edge Linux, Tumbleweed is the best choice for you. Learn more Install Tumbleweed Leap Get the most complete Linux distribution with openSUSE’s latest regular-release version! More information Install Leap New and experienced Linux users get the most usable Linux distribution and stabilized operating system with openSUSE’s regular release. Receive updates and harden your OS with openSUSE’s latest major distribution. Pick your desktop, configure your system and enjoy the platform of choice for Linux developers, administrators and software vendors. Install Leap MicroOS Micro Service OS days day hours hour openSUSE TOOLS Discover the best open-source tools developed by our community Open Build Service (OBS) (Go to link ) Our build tool, building all of our packages as well as ones for SUSE Linux Enterprise, Arch, Debian, Fedora, Scientific Linux, RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu, and more. openQA (Go to link ) Automated testing for *any* operating system, that can read the screen and control the test host the same way a user does. YaST (Go to link ) The best/only comprehensive Linux system configuration & installation tool. Kiwi (Go to link ) Create Linux images for deployment on real hardware, virtualisation, and now even container systems like Docker. Kiwi is the engine that builds the openSUSE release images. NEWS CONTRIBUTE TO OPENSUSE Be part of our community contributing with any of the following: Code Find out more Contribute Code openSUSE believes the best results come from people collaborating and having fun. Being different from other open-source communities is what makes openSUSE desirable. We are not the conventional community and our community’s efforts determines the path of the project. The efforts of the community have created several great tools for Linux and an awesome distribution. With openSUSE, you have a voice and can easily contribute to the project. Whether you are an experienced Linux developer or an end user get involved in the openSUSE project. Join a forum, maintain and keep our wiki up-to-date, find and report bugs, review the documentation, send your wish list for new packages and features, create and submit patches, or become an advocate for openSUSE by attending events and becoming an ambassador. Find out more about how to participate. Hardware Find out more Contribute Hardware Donations to support the openSUSE project are always welcomed. In fact, Open Build Service, which is used by several other open-source projects, was made available to the project’s community through a generous donation of servers by AMD. It is this type of donations that allows people and projects to thrive, develop, innovate and progress. The project is not asking for money, but donations of hardware to use the open-source community’s expertise to empower Linux development, provide openSUSE tools to the free, open source ecosystem and give back to developers, sysadmins and packagers. Hardware helps the openSUSE community! Hardware helps the open-source community! And Hardware helps Linux development. To learn how you can donate hardware to the openSUSE project, email donations@opensuse.org openSUSE Communication Channels Get in touch with the community: openSUSE Communication Channels chat.opensuse.org Meet up with openSUSE at conferences. View upcoming conferences Get software Wiki Documentation Build Service News Forums Mailing Lists Shop Blogs Press Logo/Trademark Sponsored by: Change language English Arabic Armenian Asturian Catalan Czech Danish Dutch Estonian German Greek English Español Finnish French Galician Indonesian Hindi Russian Italian Japanese Korean Lietuvių Norwegian Nynorsk Persian Polski Portuguese Русский Slovak Swedish Spanish Ukrainian Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese © 2015-2024 SUSE LLC. All Rights Reserved. Imprint. Back to main page