The Independent Barents Observer | Skip to main content Fight Censorship! Contribute Climate Crisis Security Democracy and Media Travel Research - partner contents Photo and Video 中文 English Русский Sort by RelevanceMost recent Follow us: 4 million fry annually Substantial expansion of trout farming in cooling water of Kola nuclear power plant Article Video report Svalbard residents on the boycott of Russia, climate change, and search for a new sustainable energy source. Longform Climate change: Risky project conducted in Greenland to understand the scale of climate crisis Article War crimes WANTED by Kyiv: war criminals from the Russian Arctic border town of Zapolyarny Article Vardø-Kiberg In Norway's northeast, locals started process to import Soviet-era tank from Russia’s Northern Fleet Article Name list Who are the North Russian men killed in Ukraine? “Some faith remains.” How do LGBT people feel, whom the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation recognized as extremists? Norway-Russia border Crossings down another 5% in February as multi-entry visas expire “Thank you, Aleksei.” Thousands line the streets for Navalny’s funeral in Moscow. Research - partner contents Fram Centre Sustainable development of the Arctic Ocean Myklebost and Lanteigne A Sino-Russian Arctic alliance? Fram Centre Plastic contamination in fulmars in the European Arctic over 25 years The Barents Observer Newsletter After confirming you're a real person, you can write your email below and we include you to the subscription list. E-mail * Privacy policy ADVERTISEMENT A day after Putin's speech Yars nuclear-missile test from Plesetsk Barents Sea Northern Fleet sails out two frigates, one landing ship as NATO forces move north for exercise Putin threatens Western countries with retaliatory strikes if Russian territory is attacked. Barents region Built to befriend Russia, Barents Cooperation transforms to Nordic front Podcasts Destroyed hopes and thoughts of suicide. How opponents of Putin regime in Russia perceived the death of Aleksei Navalny The Barents Observer · Убитые надежды. Как противники путинского режима в России восприняли гибель Алексея Навального See more Opinions Solli and Solvang Nordic Security Policies and Strategies Thomas Nilsen Criminalizing journalism to make us silent doesn’t work Brig Gen Edward Vaughan Agile, postured, ready with Allies and partners in the Arctic ADVERTISEMENT Arctic shipping Ten days after schedule, two heavy lift carriers arrive in Belokamenka after Arctic voyage from China Possible sabotage More trouble on Kiruna-Narvik (de)railway shortly after reopening expelled on monday Russian caught for taking photos of military object in northern Norway From March 1st Putins signs northwestern regions into Leningrad military district “Navalny was supposed to be free soon,” his team says on the prisoner swap that was being planned shortly before his death. travel Northern winter destinations gets bombarded by selfie-taking tourists electronic warfare Russian jamming is now messing up GPS signals for Norwegian aviation practically every day tête-à-tête The Barents Observer called Nikolai Patrushev and asked him about Navalny. "He sounded a bit anxious," journalist Olesia Krivtsova says PHOTOS See more Barents Pride 2023 Quest for freedom and love. Norwegians and Russians gather in border town Kirkenes for Barents Pride. VIDEOS See more Warplanes, shipwrecks, and bunkers: the haunting WWII relics left in Arctic Norway. ADVERTISEMENT "Stop the war. People die on both sides". Kirkenes supports Ukraine two years after war began. Defender of the Fatherland Day Russia's diplomats in Kirkenes removed Navalny portrait before staging propaganda photo session Destroyed hopes and thoughts of suicide. How opponents of Putin regime in Russia perceived the death of Aleksei Navalny Luleå U.S. bombers deploy to Kallax as NATO prepares for Swedish flag raising ceremony Prime minister "Norway is safe," Jonas Gahr Støre reassures from border to Russia Border Finland mulls permanent closure of two temporary checkpoints on the border with Russia Kirkenes PM Støre commemorates Navalny with candlelight in border town next to Russia strong diplomatic reactions Ramishvili and his Nordic colleagues all summoned over Navalny death Saam FSU Six months after arrival to Ura Guba, Novatek's brand new 400 meter long storage tanker is left in the cold Death of Aleksei Navalny “I will continue to fight for our country. I ask you to share the fury with me”. Navalny’s wife vows to continue his work Salekhard, Western Siberia Navalny’s mother struggles to claim his body Navalny death "Pain, disappointment, despair.” Norway’s Kirkenes mourns the death of Russia’s opposition leader Elizaveta was on the plane with Navalny back to Russia. "He seemed in a positive mood, but quiet" "It's a tragedy. People like him are born once in a century". Kirkenes reacts to Navalny's death Protests all over Russia One-person protest in Murmansk: "His blood is on your hands Vova" BREAKING: Aleksei Navalny dies in Arctic prison camp Roman Fyodorov New commander of Russia's 'Kirkenes Brigade' says his marines are fighting NATO Olenya Air Base Murmansk-based bombers launched large-scale missile attack against Ukraine ADVERTISEMENT Barents Must-Reads How Norway’s new P-8 Poseidon will counter Russia’s submarine threat in Arctic waters As Finland and Sweden join NATO, Norfolk command beefs up readiness in alliance’s northern flank Longread Miners hunting for metals to battery cars threaten Sámi reindeer herders' homeland Norway's celebration of Svalbard Treaty was followed by ardent and coordinated response from Moscow media Photo story Pasvik, the river that tells the High North On patrol along its Arctic coast, Norway's relation with Russia is challenged between deterrence and reassurance ADVERTISEMENT Son of Putin's ally acquitted of illegal drone flight in Norway Jonas Gahr Støre “We should not close those doors and throw the keys away," says Norway PM on Arctic Council cooperation with Russia Troubles miner and NATO Europe's northernmost cross-border railway still closed two months after ore train derailed punishment for "fake" news Putin signs property confiscation law Moscow calling Deputy Prime Minister sends warning to Oslo: Russian rights at Svalbard must not be challenged Warning "This is a watershed moment." Norwegian intelligence warns about mounting Russian threats Nordic Response British aircraft carrier sets sail for exercise inside Arctic Circle Two Tu-95MS Russian bombers outside Finnmark ahead of exercise Nordic Response Elections in Finland With the right president "we have a better chance to stay out of war". Video report from a polling station in Arctic Finland. Tattoo art In an Arctic tattoo parlour: Its owner and his customers about why tattoo art is important to them. Protecting wildlife Stricter rules apply to tourists heading to Svalbard Free study: Arkhangelsk university boosts commitment for warriors returning from Ukraine battlefields RAF over Varanger Fjord Støre: No plans to lift restrictions on NATO activities near border with Russia Boris Nadezhdin Russian anti-war candidate banned from Presidential elections. “Millions wanted to vote for me. We will appeal.” “We are not disputing this decision. The penalty will be paid”. Russian company fined for a helicopter flight on Svalbard. Arctic spetsnaz Experiences from the battlefield will be applied in Arctic, says Russian minister Kola Peninsula Here are the cruise missiles terror-bombing Ukraine unloaded from military cargo train to Olenya Air Base wartime business The Nordsletten connection: Arctic oil, family affairs and a link to the FSB ADVERTISEMENT Norway's border with Russia Jaeger battalion GSV gets weapons to destroy low-flying aircraft and drones Climate crisis New study reveals Greenland’s glaciers losing more ice than thought Migration Thousands may be waiting to cross Finnish-Russian frontier, border official says nuclear-powered Sevmash launches fifth Borei-A ballistic missile submarine The Oil Fund Norway owns a part of Putin's propaganda and censorship machine eight additional facilities Norway expands defense agreement with American troops Norway Storskog sees no increase in crossings since Finland’s eastern border closure Militant church "It's a holy war." The priest from Sputnik now fights with a gun B-586 Kronshtadt Russia says its new submarine is ultra-silent seabed minerals Deep-sea mining could enhance climate change, a new study indicates. Belarus Lukashenko wants access to Russian Arctic seaports “attempted terrorist attack” “They deceived my child.” The story about Mikhail Avdonin who was detained following a possible FSB setup Fighting "fifth column" Will Russia revive infamous SMERSH counter-intelligence in Kola Peninsula? Arctic history Warplanes, shipwrecks, and bunkers: the haunting WWII relics left in Arctic Norway Sunday election Foreign policy and security are existential questions, says presidential frontrunner Boris Nadezhdin Russians stand in lines and travel hundreds of kilometers to sign up for Nadezhdin, the presidential candidate with an anti-war agenda near imatra FSB pushes border opening with Finland, 18 walkers crossed illegally on Thursday clampdown Russian Prosecutor General declares publication DOXA an "undesirable organization" ADVERTISEMENT Partners About © 2002 - 2024 Published by: The Independent Barents Observer AS About us. The Barents Observer follows the Code of Ethics of the Norwegian Press and the document Right and Duties of the Editor. We report under full editorial independence and have no external interference. Freedom to write - freedom to publish. Donate to our independent journalism. That’s how we get better. Støtt oss via Vipps: 105 792 - Det betyr mye! Contacts newstips@thebarentsobserver.com Publisher: atle@thebarentsobserver.com Editor: thomas@thebarentsobserver.com Mobile: +47-905 73 143 Journalist Denis Zagore denis@thebarentsobserver.com Journalist Georgii Chentemirov georgii@thebarentsobserver.com Journalist Elizaveta Vereykina liza.vereykina@thebarentsobserver.com Journalist Olesia Krivtsova olesia@thebarentsobserver.com Visiting address: Storgata 5 Kirkenes, Norway Subscribe free Newsletter After confirming you're a real person, you can write your email below and we include you to the subscription list. E-mail * Privacy policy Follow us Newspaper solution: Ramsalt Media