Fredericksburg | Breaking News | Your local news and community information source. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 50° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State Virginia Video Network Education Politics Business Nation & World News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a Letter Letters Editorials Columnists Cartoon Sports High School College Professional Fredericksburg Nationals Local Betting Life & Entertainment Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion People Pets Travel Faith Contests Games & Puzzles Comics Columns Play Sponsored Content Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Today's Ads Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Public Notices Goodwill Marketplace Shop Local Today's Deal Shop Goodwill Online Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter Signup Subscribe Contact Us Newspaper in Education Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Life & Entertainment Jobs 50° Light Rain Teel: Breaking down at-large prospects for Richmond, JMU and Virginia Long before all precincts have been counted, Super Tuesday’s results will be clear. Not so as college basketball dips inside of two weeks until Selection Sunday. Number of Virginia schools that 'need support' under federal law doubled The number of Virginia schools the state identifies as being in need of support under federal law more than doubled this year after changes to Virginia’s school accountability system. GETTING THERE: Post-pandemic traffic changes create planning challenges A resurgence of the kind of traffic issues that plagued the Fredericksburg area before the pandemic have resurfaced, and the Fredericksburg Area Metropolitan Planning Organization is pondering a response. Spotsylvania considers photo enforcement of speed in school zones Spotsylvania County has a big problem with speeding drivers in school zones, according to representatives with two companies that specialize in school zone enforcement. COMMENT: Election might be hindering Americans' outlook The consumer confidence level dropped last week, falling almost 10 points below the projected number. Program designed to increase mental-health workforce Collaboration includes Germanna Community College, Rappahannock Area Community Services Board and the Claude Moore Charitable Foundation. 'Reverse Career Fair' puts students on display King George High School recently hosted the region's first such career opportunity. Spotsylvania eighth-grader wins regional spelling bee; heads to national contest in Maryland Daphne Reno, a student at Battlefield Middle School, won the Fredericksburg Regional Spelling Bee over 14 other competitors Saturday in the James Monroe High School auditorium. WATCH: The 2024 Fredericksburg Regional Spelling Bee Area students compete in the Fredericksburg Regional Spelling Bee at James Monroe High School in Fredericksburg on Saturday, March 2, 2024. UVa, federal authorities open investigations after Jewish students claim they've been harassed, threatened and abused Antisemitic attacks have skyrocketed in the U.S. since Israel's war with Hamas began. Word on the Street: We are meant to be intertwined with others and with God Long after moving back into housing, many an unhoused neighbor is known to retain a symbol of their time on the street. Wednesday events celebrate Fredericksburg–Ghana friendship Food, displays and music will fill Fredericksburg Market Square from noon to 2 p.m. Buc-ee's travel center seeks Stafford location Texas-based travel center looking to build a site near Embrey Mill. Spotsylvania approves rezonings for two projects After lengthy discussion, primarily concerns about apartment rentals, the Spotsylvania County Board of Supervisors approved rezoning for a 770-unit residential development near the Virginia Railway Express station off of U.S. 17. Stafford school superintendent named tops in region Dr. Thomas Taylor named superintendent of the year for Region 3. Michael Huntley live in downtown Fredericksburg! PHOTOS: Michael Huntley performs at Billiken's in downtown Fredericksburg. UMW: First game for new softball coach is a winner New Eagles head coach Hannah Qualls wins her first game at Mary Washington Victims tell police that shooter asked about their Hispanic heritage After asking the shooting victims how long they'd been in the country, the shooter fired into one victim's abdomen while the other victim was shot three times, court records state. Lake Taylor ends JM's memorable season in state semifinals Elijah Washington scored 28 points and 19 rebounds to lead Lake Taylor to a 77-46 victory over James Monroe in a VHSL Class 3 state semifinal Friday night in Norfolk. COMMENT: Government shutdown threats are getting old Can’t Congress do anything without a fight? Weekend rain ahead for Virginia, how long does it last? Meteorologist Sean Sublette shows how much rain to expect Vosburg second Stafford county administrator in a row to resign after less than two years Stafford's chief administrator will leave on April 5. KEN PERROTTE: Some see red, others gold with the blue catfish The blue catfish has become the most complex aquatic species in Virginia's waters: they are a prized gamefish loved by many anglers but also a voracious eater of other fish and crabs that threaten river and bay ecosystems. The state of Virginia is looking for creative ways to lower their num… Stafford's budget reaches billion-dollar mark Property values are rising, and population increasing in the third-fastest growing locality in Virginia. Congresswoman introduces bill to rename city post office after renowned civil rights activist, teacher Congresswoman Abigail Spanberger introduced a bill Thursday that would rename a Fredericksburg post office after a revered city teacher and civil rights activist. Police suspect Wednesday night Spotsylvania shootings stemmed from hate A 57-year-old Caroline County man is charged with two counts of aggravated malicious wounding and two counts of using a firearm in the commission of a felony. Youngkin now gets to decide on a legal cannabis market Bills to create a legal, regulated retail market for marijuana in Virginia are headed for a governor, Glenn Youngkin, who doesn’t like the idea. Wonky maps minimize voters, sway balance of power in US elections Gerrymandering isn't new, but experts say a small number of pending redistricting battles could help determine which party controls the U.S. House of Representatives after this year's elections. CYT Fredericksburg's latest show is wicked fun CYT Fredericksburg will bring its latest production, “Disney’s Descendants: The Musical,” to the stage this March. Featuring a cast of 64 children, this musical is jam-packed with comedy, adventure and hit songs from the popular Disney Channel Original Movies. Performances will run for two w… Rain returns to Virginia to start the weekend, how long will it last? Meteorologist Sean Sublette explains why Sunday will be a better day to be outside The Latest Fredericksburg homes for big families Fredericksburg homes with at least five bedrooms. Va. Dems' priorities on contraception, guns await Youngkin's action Gov. Glenn Youngkin has a Friday deadline to act on certain bills. The Senate majority leader says the days will say much about the legislature's next two years. Virginia's Super Tuesday primary might have messages for November It's unlikely to change the trajectory toward a Biden-Trump rematch, but Virginia's primary could send signals about how competitive Virginia will be in November, analysts say. Masturbating man interrupts forum on Charlottesville jail renovation Minutes into the meeting, guests started to hear moans coming from a speaker. Interact With Us Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Explore local history with our digital newspaper archives! Visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. Get the latest local crime & courts coverage in your inbox! Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Latest Video Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Stars we've lost so far in 2024 - February edition Super Tuesday Virginia weather: After rain, how warm will it get? Sports Carlisle boys basketball team sanctioned from VISAA The VISAA handed down sanctions to the Carlisle boys basketball team last week that forced the team to go on the road for the state tournament and play without their coach. All-region basketball teams BOYS' BASKETBALL Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Kitley hurt as No. 5 Virginia Tech women lose at Virginia Kenny Brooks said he did not know Kitley's status. Listen Now Podcasts What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. 'Oppenheimer' keeps winning, comedian Richard Lewis dies and Shohei Ohtani makes his Dodgers debut | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get a recap of some of this week's top sports and entertainment stories through this special edition of our daily news podcast. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Sponsored Need a personal injury attorney after an accident? Here’s what to look for Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Find out what to look for in a personal injury accident attorney. Sponsored Children and car crashes: Keep precious cargo safe Content by Big Auto Accident Attorneys. Learn how to best protect your kids when driving. Sponsored Take a moment to learn more about the clean, sustainable energy project proposed for Charlotte County Content by Power Communications. A clean, sustainable energy resource is on its way to Charlotte County. Sponsored Jubilation by Silver Companies takes center stage in love and friendship Content by Jubilation by Silver Companies. Find out how three best friends enjoy their time at this lively retirement community. Local Businesses AZ Fabrication and Repair 21 Commerce Pkwy Ste. 106, Fredericksburg, VA 22406 Website Woodard Automotive 18 Short Street, Fredericksburg, VA 22405 Website Fletcher Construction/endrizzi Advertising Agency 6101 MCCARTHY DR, KING GEORGE, VA 22485 Print Ads Local Sales Services Specials FONTAINE DRYWALL Local Sales Services Specials BRIAN'S HOME SERVICES Local Sales Services Specials FREDERICKSBURG EXPO CENTER Local Sales Services Specials ULMAN'S JEWELRY Local Sales Services Specials RONNIE'S FIREWOOD Local Sales Services Specials INVISIBLE FENCE - FREDERICKSBURG Local Sales Services Specials DRIO Local Sales Services Specials MARY WASHINGTON HEALTHCARE Local Sales Services Specials DON WILSON HOME IMPROVEMENT Local Sales Services Specials CARRELL BLANTON ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW × Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites & Partners Place an Ad Today's Deal Contests Join our Team Newsletter Signup Services Manage Subscription Contact Us Advertise Submission Forms Independent Contractor (Newspaper Carrier) Public Notices Become a Carrier Licensing Dealer Returns © Copyright 2024 Fredericksburg Free Lance Star, 1340 Central Park Blvd.Suite 100 Fredericksburg, VA 22401 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe