EWTN Global Catholic Television Network: Catholic News, TV, Radio | EWTN Catholicism TV Radio News Kids Religious Catalogue Pilgrimage Giving Donate Give Monthly Search Catholicism TV Radio News Kids Religious Catalogue Pilgrimage Giving Donate Give Monthly Search Contact 1-800-447-3986 viewer@ewtn.com Catholicism See of Peter Daily Mass and Readings Bible Teachings Devotions Saints Seasons and Feast Days Library Traditional Latin Mass Prayer Requests News EWTN News Nightly EWTN Pro-Life Weekly EWTN News In Depth The World Over National Catholic Register Catholic News Agency ChurchPOP ACI Prensa TV Watch Live Shows Schedule Weekly Schedule Channel Finder Radio Listen Live Shows Schedule Weekly Schedule Audio Archive Monthly Schedules Podcast Central Affiliates Galaxy 33 Transmission Plan SW Frequency Guide SW Monitoring Form Frequently Asked Questions Kids Religious Catalogue EWTN Religious Catalogue Bookmark Giving Donate Give Monthly My Giving Account Ways to Give Resources Mother Angelica Pro-life Online Learning Series Press Room EWTN Everywhere Media Missionaries Wings On Demand Employment Privacy Policy International Satellite Feeds Languages Español España Polish Hungarian Swedish Ukrainian German Pro-life Adoration Online Learning Series Seasons and Feast Days On Demand Channel Finder Media Missionaries Subscribe Catholicism EWTN plays an important role in Catholic education. Whether you’re seeking to strengthen your faith or striving to increase your devotion, you’ll find a wealth of credible resources, from historical Faith documents to guidance on current Catholic issues. More Daily Readings Can't make it to daily Mass? Want to hear the Catholic Mass readings and an inspirational homily? Click here to view EWTN's Catholic Mass online -- and please share links to EWTN's Catholic Mass with your friends and family! Watch and Read Get the daily Mass delivered to your inbox each day EWTN offers the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass live everyday at 8 am ET, and provides you with daily readings to follow along and enrich your experience. To be sure you don't miss out on the daily Mass, or to get access to previous recordings, we can send a link to your email inbox everyday. Simply tell us where you'd like us to send the link and get the daily Mass delivered directly to you! About Our Foundress When Eternal Word Television Network (EWTN) was launched on Aug. 15, 1981, many felt there would be little demand for a Catholic network. In fact, when Mother M. Angelica, a cloistered nun, fulfilled a promise to our Lord in the early 1960s by founding Our Lady of Angels Monastery in Irondale, Ala., she had no idea she would one day found the largest religious media network in the world. Mother Angelica Memorial Catholic Television By providing quality programming faithful to the teachings of the Catholic Church, EWTN is television that viewers can trust. Whether its films, documentaries, news coverage or lively discussion shows, we highlight the truth that is the Eternal Word. TV Watch Live Lenten Reflections 2024 - Week 4 Airs at 3:30 p.m. ET on Sunday, March 10. Encores at 11:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday, March 13 & at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday,... EWTN Bookmark with Karlo Broussard Airs on Sunday, March 10 at 10 a.m. ET Encores on Monday, March 11 at 5 a.m. & 5 p.m. ET Encores on Saturday, March 16 at... Concert: Celebrating St. Patrick from Knock Friday, March 15th at 8AM ET Third Sunday of Lent - Fr. Joseph To sign up for the weekly email series with Fr. Joseph’s 2024 Lenten Meditations, as well as an eBook with these same... Promo EWTN News Nightly - 2024-03-05 Tonight on EWTN News Nightly. Catholic Come Home - Season 9 Sundays at 8:30PM ET Saturdays at 5:30AM ET Catholic Radio EWTN uses the power of radio to reach people whenever and wherever they’re searching for answers to questions about their Catholic faith. Through innovative faith-based programs, listeners experience family and togetherness, helping them to better love and serve the Lord. Radio Listen Live Beloved and Blessed Sundays at 9 PM ET Based on the wisdom of Scripture, especially Proverbs 31, Beloved and Blessed speaks to the desires and strengths of women in... Kresta In The Afternoon Weekdays at 5 PM ET Well-known Catholic speaker and author Al Kresta speaks with people from all walks of life on various topics of the day, and... more2life Weekdays at 10 AM ET Dr. Greg Popcak and his wife Lisa host this live call in program that helps listeners navigate the waters of family life.... Called to Communion Weekdays at 2 and 11 PM ET What’s stopping you from becoming a Catholic? Catholic catechist, writer and speaker, Dr. David Anders answers that question... The Doctor Is In Weekdays at 1 PM ET The Doctor is In is hosted by Dr. Ray Guarendi, who brings to the program a wealth of academic credentials and personal life... Register Radio Saturday at 4 PM ET & Sunday at 11 AM ET Register Radio shines the truth of the Gospel on the events of the day to equip Catholics with the insight and encouragement... Catholic News Through redemptive Catholic journalism, EWTN News helps advance the Gospel and teachings of the Church by seeking the truth in important stories and events in the lives of Catholics. In providing a trusted resource for Catholic news through the lens of faith, EWTN News bridges a gap which the secular media can’t fill. More About EWTN EWTN Global Catholic Network, in its 43rd year, is the largest religious media network in the world. EWTN’s 11 global TV channels are broadcast in multiple languages 24 hours a day, seven days a week to over 425 million television households in more than 160 countries and territories. EWTN platforms also include radio services transmitted through SIRIUS/XM, iHeart Radio, and over 500 domestic and international AM & FM radio affiliates; a worldwide shortwave radio service; one of the largest Catholic websites in the U.S.; electronic and print news services, including Catholic News Agency, “The National Catholic Register” newspaper, and several global news wire services; as well as EWTN Publishing, its book publishing division. Media EWTN is truly everywhere. We use cutting edge technology to make our content available on a wide variety of platforms, enabling people to stream and watch EWTN Catholic media programming on demand whenever and wherever they choose. Resources Media Blogs Employment Media Missionaries Contact EWTN | 5817 Old Leeds Rd. | Irondale, AL 35210 | 1-800-447-3986 | viewer@ewtn.com Connect Copyright © 2024 Eternal Word Television Network, Inc. Irondale, Alabama. All rights reserved. EIN: 63-0801391