Open Knowledge Foundation blog – A fair, sustainable and open future E Open the menu Twitter/X Forum LinkedIn Mastodon ↪ OKFN website All Posts Submit a guest post Français Español Search Submit Cancel Announcement of strategic funding for the Open Data Editor Posted January 11, 2024 We are pleased to announce that the Open Knowledge Foundation has been selected as a grantee of the Patrick J. McGovern Foundation, marking a significant milestone for the development of the Open Data Editor (ODE) application, a tool that will unlock the power of data for key groups, including scientists, journalists and data activists. Read more Open Data Day And the winners of the Open Data Day 2024 Mini-Grants are. . . Posted February 28, 2024 We at the Open Knowledge Foundation (OKFN) are excited to announce the list of organisations that have been awarded mini-grants to help them host Open Data Day (ODD) events and activities across the world. Read more Community Open Data Day 2024 – Mini-Grants Open Call Posted January 24, 2024 We are excited to announce the launch of the Open Data Day 2024 Mini-Grants Application to support organisations hosting open data events and activities across the world. Read more Open Knowledge Network Open Knowledge Network Regional Hubs Coordinators – Call for Applications Posted January 17, 2024 Are you a community practitioner or a researcher interested in international networks and the digital commons? This could be an interesting opportunity for you. Read more Community End of the year with the Open Knowledge Network Posted December 22, 2023 Before we get to 2024, check out the heart-warming updates from around the world by the members of the Open Knowledge Network. Read more Community The South at the world’s centre: OKFN dive into Uruguay’s data marathon Posted December 11, 2023 At the beginning of November, I visited Uruguay in the capacity of Open Knowledge Foundation’s Partnerships Lead to take part in #MaratónDeDatos, a pool of various events focused on the work with data, open data and open knowledge, and a meeting point for the global community engaged with the topic. I first arrived in Montevideo […] Read more Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes How DPI can help fight Information Pollution during elections Posted December 4, 2023 Our workshop in Ethiopia with DPGA members detected misinformation in three stages of the electoral process: voters’ registration, campaigns, and election day. Check out the results. Read more Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes Debriefing the 4th round table for a Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes [Francophone Africa] Posted November 28, 2023 Last Wednesday, 22 November, Open Knowledge Foundation and AfroLeadership organised a round table on Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI) for Electoral Processes, focusing on initiatives developed in Francophone Africa. This was the fourth round table in the framework of this initiative, with which we are trying to map the initiatives and projects already active in the […] Read more Community Csv,conf is going to Mexico! Posted November 27, 2023 The most beloved community conference for datamakers from all around the world is back in May 2024! After a very successful seventh edition in Buenos Aires in April 2023, we have decided to linger a little longer in Latin America. We are very excited to announce that csv,conf,v8 will take place in Mexico! The commallama […] Read more Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes Debriefing the 3rd round table for a Digital Public Infrastructure for Electoral Processes [Anglophone Africa] Posted November 21, 2023 Last Wednesday, November 15th, we had the pleasure of organising the third round table to share experiences related to the development of open digital technologies and data standards in electoral processes, with a focus on initiatives from Anglophone Africa. Beyond presenting our new initiative, the main objective of the event was to listen to and […] Read more Frictionless Data Frictionless specs update Posted November 15, 2023 Originally published on: https://frictionlessdata.io/blog/2023/11/15/frictionless-specs-update/ We are very pleased to announce that thanks to the generous support of NLnet we have kickstarted the Frictionless specifications update. After a first discussion with the community in the last call, we are setting up a working group to help us with the v2 release. Taking into account the group’s concerns about the […] Read more Search Submit Browse by TopicCKAN Community Data Journalism Events Frictionless Data Global Open Data Index Join us Metadata News OKFest Open/Closed Open Access Open Data Open Data Day Open Data Day 2018 Open Data Day 2020 Open Definition Open Economics Open Geodata Open GLAM Open Government Data Open Knowledge Open Knowledge Foundation Open Knowledge Network Open Science Open Spending Open Standards Our Work Policy Projects Public Domain Public Domain Works Releases School of Data Talks Technical WG Economics WG EU Open Data WG Open Bibliographic Data WG Open Data in Science WG Open Government Data WG Public Domain Where Does My Money Go Working Groups Workshop Tools Community This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Don't miss a thing! Stay on top of what's happening in the #OpenMovement around the world. Subscribe to our Newsletter E ↪ OKFN website All Posts Français Español Source code available under the MIT license. cc by Content on this site, made by Open Knowledge Foundation, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License . ↪ OKFN website All Posts Submit a guest post Français Español Twitter/X Forum LinkedIn Mastodon