Drew Curtis' FARK.com Skip to content Do you have adblock enabled? Try Ads-Free Fark Report It's Not News, It's Fark How To Fark Log In | Sign Up » Login Password Forgot password? X FARK TotalFark myFark About/FArQ Contests Store Contact Us Mobile SUBSCRIBE ☰ SOON (soon) Password Login Turn on javascript (or enable it for Fark) for a better user experience. If you can read this, either the style sheet didn't load or you have an older browser that doesn't support style sheets. Try clearing your browser cache and refreshing the page. Main Discussion Sports Business STEM Entertainment Fandom D'awww Food Politics NEW To Fark? Find Out HOW TO FARKX Submit a Link » Tue March 05, 2024 Built in 2022 the $65 million patrol boat Sergei Kotov was the newest addition to Russia's Black Sea Fleet. Note the use of "was" as in past tense source: thedailybeast.com | share: Copy Link 11 Taylor Swift took down Facebook and Instagram. Fark thankfully avoids her deadly gaze (possible nsfw content on page) source: the-express.com | share: Copy Link 35 Well, at least it's only a million cases and not, you know source: npr.org | share: Copy Link 15 Today you can celebrate Multiple Personality Day, and so can you source: nationaltoday.com | share: Copy Link 12 (Some Librarian) Caption Mrs. Wascher taking your call source: lh4.googleusercontent.com | share: Copy Link 19 You know, some people would pay good money to see something like this source: tmz.com | share: Copy Link 33 Today's 2-hour serving of '80s alt/post-punk/new wave music includes tunes from Flash & The Pan, The Ocean Blue, Men At Work, and Real Life. Hear what commercial radio doesn't sound like on pastFORWARD #582. Starts @ 1:00PM ET, LGT streaming options source: kuci.org | share: Copy Link 47 USDA says: no soup for you source: fsis.usda.gov | share: Copy Link 22 Today's Fark-ready headline: "Workmen are grabbing their tools to begin a shift at Lincoln's Glory Hole". Mary Todd, Gowron unavailable for comment source: metro.co.uk | share: Copy Link 26 Texas county declares state of emergency over upcoming total eclipse of the sun, advises residents to be wary of strange plants crying "feed me" source: upi.com | share: Copy Link 108 Nation's Boomers rock in corner as Facebook outage continues. [Update: it's back. Enjoy a celebratory Werther's Original] source: wfla.com | share: Copy Link 208 I'm smuggling your greenhouse gasses right here [farts in your general direction] source: nbcnews.com | share: Copy Link 13 Some guy steals a police uniform, and now some guy sues the state for arresting him for that theft source: kob.com | share: Copy Link 49 (Some Guy) The FDA wants to help consumers know what is healthy to eat by creating a logo to slap on foodstuffs. Come on Farkers, your government needs your Graphic Design passion source: assets1.cbsnewsstatic.com | share: Copy Link 34 Fark challenge: Solve the mystery of 'Rack Man' source: dailystar.co.uk | share: Copy Link 45 Bad: Train derails and cars end up in the river. Worse: Train cars derail into river after two trains collide. Really Farked Up: Above mentioned rail cars derail after a THIRD Train hits the first two source: 6abc.com | share: Copy Link 74 The generation that created spring break is going to take it all away from the rest of us source: apnews.com | share: Copy Link 108 Day 741 of WW3: Orcs slams German military leak. War of words erupts between Orcs and Germany over leaked audio purportedly of German military officials discussing weapons for Ukraine and possible Russian targets. It's your Tuesday Ukraine war thread source: cnbc.com | share: Copy Link 192 Aquarium to allow guests to swim in stingray tank. Steve Irwin unavailablef for comment source: wfla.com | share: Copy Link 19 Owners of a Christian boarding school, previously known for sex abuse, now face kidnapping charges. You know, just like Jesus source: news.yahoo.com | share: Copy Link 44 Pro-union YouTube employees, during City Council meeting: "Not to interrupt but they just laid us all off" source: pcgamer.com | share: Copy Link 34 If you thought your coworkers eating your lunch from the fridge was bad, marketing employees at a ski resort in the Donner Pass dug through ten feet of snow to get to the office source: abcnews.go.com | share: Copy Link 17 What happens in Vegas, can fuel your nightmares source: 8newsnow.com | share: Copy Link 54 As god as my witness I thought 12 year olds could drive source: 14news.com | share: Copy Link 25 Shiat's on fire, yo: Clinton Township Michigan Edition source: freep.com | share: Copy Link 23 "Balls Out Bowling"? What in the world is that? Oh my source: wtrf.com | share: Copy Link 46 Welsh man hops into record books with 69 bunny tattoos source: upi.com | share: Copy Link 32 Cybertruck foiled by hill source: gizmodo.com | share: Copy Link 56 Mon March 04, 2024 HMMM, Food or News tab for this one... HMMM, What do? source: wfaa.com | share: Copy Link 15 The weather's on fire source: waff.com | share: Copy Link 8 Never had kids? Maybe not the worst decision you ever made source: patch.com | share: Copy Link 40 "KING CITY, Calif. - Multiple people were killed in a suspected birthday party shooting in King City, on Sunday evening." ... may have been an engagement party, or even a gender reveal. All we know is there was cake source: ksbw.com | share: Copy Link 46 Stranded. Stranded. Stranded, on a toilet bowl. What do you do when you're stranded on a toilet bowl, at 31,000 feet? source: nypost.com | share: Copy Link 34 Wedding photographers call on vicars to stop being such dickars source: dailymail.co.uk | share: Copy Link 30 Today is National Pound Cake Day, so find a nice cake you enjoy and give it a good pounding source: nationaltoday.com | share: Copy Link 47 Lone shark targets 11-year-old girl source: abcnews.go.com | share: Copy Link 23 Naked man steals a vehicle, disappears into thin air. Probably did it for... The Prestige source: boingboing.net | share: Copy Link 28 Photoshop this smiling server source: video-images.vice.com | share: Copy Link 15 On this day in history, in 1944, the head of Murder, Inc. demonstrated his total commitment to the company values source: history.com | share: Copy Link 26 It took until March, but we finally kicked off National Procrastination Week source: nationaltoday.com | share: Copy Link 22 ♪ Could have been the whiskey, might have been the gin... Could have been three or four six-packs, I don't know, but look at the mess I'm in... Two drunk teenage boys, and charged with DUI... Tell me, me oh me oh my, Wasn't that a party? ♪ source: ktla.com | share: Copy Link 6 Instant karma, in Amtrak form source: yahoo.com | share: Copy Link 41 Man arrested in LA for trying to steal self-driving taxi. No word on whether he was trying to get his ahss to mahs source: nbcnews.com | share: Copy Link 30 Toronto man reacts to package in his mailbox: "I keep on pulling it out and I'm seeing brown and I'm like, 'Okay. It's cookies.' I literally got super excited". Plot twist: it was cockroaches source: toronto.ctvnews.ca | share: Copy Link 29 The Merriam-Webster word of the day for March 4 is 'Salubrious' as in: "Lou the Cheesemonger refused to part with his expensive Brie, until we gave him some money and said, 'salubrious.'" source: merriam-webster.com | share: Copy Link 26 In 2003 when Chile began airing the original Star Wars trilogy, to avoid cutting to commercial breaks the network stitched the commercials into the film itself (w/video) source: ign.com | share: Copy Link 64 Photoshop this BEFORE scene into something AFTER-worthy source: contemporist.com | share: Copy Link 21 Last surviving member of the first team to conquer Mount Everest wants you to get off his mountain source: apnews.com | share: Copy Link 95 NJ drivers clear their calendars as 1-800-POTHOLE now has operators standing by to receive their complaints source: nj1015.com | share: Copy Link 32 "I live in a train, down by all the rivers" source: metro.co.uk | share: Copy Link 44 Load older headlines These are only a small percentage of links submitted. Join TotalFark to see them all!Link archives » Report If you like these links, you'll love The next best thing to UltraFark learn more | sign up Report Support Fark Sign up for the Fark NotNewsletter! learn more Headlines of the Month Fark NotNewsletter TotalFark signup BareFark signup Purchase FarkUnits Purchase OhFark Top Links Top Comments Top Submitters Top Smart Comments Top Sources/Topics Top Funny Comments Press/Publicity Report All Latest Fark Forum Link Voting Sports Forum Fark Blogs Fandom Forum Fark Book Entertainment Forum Fark Quiz Politics Forum Fark Parties Fark Party Forum PS/Photo Browser Photoshop Forum Fark Chat Farktography Forum Discussion/TF Live Forum Report Close Ad Report Fark.com Top Commented Top Commented ▼ Top Commented Top Clicked Top Voted My Recent Commented Recent Mentions Javascript is required to view headlines in widget. Links are submitted by members of the Fark community. When community members submit a link, they also write a custom headline for the story. Other Farkers comment on the links. This is the number of comments. Click here to read them. You need to create an account to submit links or post comments. Click here to submit a link. Also on Fark Main Built in 2022 the $65 million patrol boat Sergei Kotov was the newest addition to Russia's Black Sea Fleet. Note the use of "was" as in past tense ( thedailybeast.com ) » (9 comments) Discussion "My work colleague gave me an unsolicited smack on the bum. Wat do?" (possible nsfw content on page) ( thesun.co.uk ) » (10 comments) Sports Mecole Hardman leaked game-plan specifics to the Eagles and Chiefs ahead of matchups, prior to the whole tampering thing ( nypost.com ) » (7 comments) Business Tesla's Berlin Gigafactory substation does its impression of the Reichstag Fire ( cnbc.com ) » (6 comments) STEM So a tomb from the Copper Age is full of weapons, and they "may" be ancient? That's some fine reporting there Lou ( livescience.com ) » (6 comments) Entertainment 'Sopranos' booth at Holsten's sells on eBay for over ( northjersey.com ) » (3 comments) Fandom This reporter really likes Apple wedges ( theverge.com ) » (6 comments) D'awww Dwarf deer finds a home with misfit herd ( goerie.com ) » (1 comment) Food Vindaloo too hot for you? Try some ice ( bbc.com ) » (2 comments) Politics Librarian sues Texas county after being fired for refusing to remove banned books. Hopefully she crushes her enemies, sees them driven before her, and hears the lamentations of their women ( usatoday.com ) » (25 comments) Fark :: Main | Discussion | Sports | Business | STEM | Entertainment | Fandom | D'awww | Food | Politics Total Fark :: TotalFark | TF Live | TF Advice | TF Discussion | Commented | Top Voted | Greenlit FArQ :: About Us | Quick Answers | Posting Rules | Farkisms Contests :: Photoshop | Farktography | Caption Buy Fark :: Fark Book | Fark Store Submit a Link » Copyright © 1999 - 2024 Fark, Inc | Last updated: Mar 05 2024 14:15:12 Contact Us via Farkback | Report a bug/error msg | Terms of service/legal/privacy policy | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information X