Migration Policy Institute | migrationpolicy.org Skip to main content Newsroom MPI en Español Multimedia Donate Contact Sign Up All MPIResearch PublicationsArticlesMultimediaEventsNews Refine by Date Date E.g., 03/06/2024 Date E.g., 03/06/2024 Menu Research & Initiatives Topics Regions Data Programs Publications All Publications Reports Fact Sheets Policy Briefs Books Articles Commentaries Explainers Events News Newsroom Press Releases About Us Mission Staff Trustees Funders Work at MPI Intern at MPI Contact MPI MPI Europe Overview Mission Staff Internships Contact Stay Research & Initiatives Programs ProgramsInternational Program Migrants, Migration, and Development National Center on Immigrant Integration Policy U.S. Immigration Policy Program InitiativesBeyond Territorial Asylum Building a Regional Migration System Global Skills and Talent Latin America and Caribbean Initiative Migration Data Hub Migration Information Source Transatlantic Council on Migration ProjectsELL Information Center Latin America & Caribbean Migration Portal MPI Europe Topics see all > Border Security Coronavirus Education Employment & the Economy Illegal Immigration & Interior Enforcement Immigrant Integration Immigrant Profiles & Demographics Immigration Policy & Law International Governance Migration & Development Refugee & Asylum Policy Regions see all > Africa (sub-Saharan) Asia and the Pacific Central America & the Caribbean Europe Middle East & North Africa North America South America Data International Data U.S. Data Maps Stay Publications Reports Fact Sheets Policy Briefs Books Articles Commentaries Explainers Featured Publication Reports January 2024 Confronting Compassion Fatigue: Understanding the Arc of Public Support for Displaced Populations in Turkey, Colombia, and Europe By Natalia Banulescu-Bogdan, M. Murat Erdoğan and Lucía Salgado Stay Events About Us Mission Staff Trustees Funders Work at MPI Intern at MPI Contact MPI Donate Programs Stay MPI Europe Mission Staff Jobs Internships Contact Stay Previous Pause Next iStock.com/Wirestock Reports February 2024 Leaving No One Behind: Inclusive Fintech for Remittances Remittances are a vital lifeline for migrants’ families around the world and an important source of revenue for many low- and middle-income countries, especially in times of crisis. As more people turn to digital financial technologies for these money transfers, this shift holds the potential to shake up the rigid remittance industry and boost development benefits. But it also brings new challenges, as this report explores. Continue reading Aaron Sussell/U.S. Department of Labor Policy Briefs February 2024 A New Way Forward for Employment-Based Immigration: The Bridge Visa U.S. employment-based visa policies, last updated in 1990, are not aligned with the country’s current and future labor market needs. This policy brief outlines MPI’s proposal for a new visa pathway that could help the United States better leverage immigration to meet its labor market needs, boost protections for both U.S.- and foreign-born workers, and flexibly adapt to future economic and demographic changes. Continue reading Mani Albrecht/CBP Reports February 2024 Outmatched: The U.S. Asylum System Faces Record Demands The U.S. humanitarian protection system, known for its long history of assisting those in need, has come under incredible pressure in recent years. The asylum adjudications system, which is under-resourced, is struggling to keep up with record asylum seeker arrivals at the U.S.-Mexico border. This report examines the state of the asylum system, including changes under the Biden administration and potential lessons for other countries. Continue reading © UNHCR/Alessandro Penso Policy Briefs February 2024 The Mobility Key: Realizing the Potential of Refugee Travel Documents Travel documents are critical facilitators of mobility. But for refugees, who cannot safely use a passport issued by their origin country, the lack of a usable travel document can shut them out of work, study, or other opportunities beyond their first country of asylum. This policy brief examines alternative documents that can facilitate refugees’ movement, key barriers to acquiring them, and strategies for overcoming these challenges. Continue reading iStock.com/PeopleImages Reports January 2024 Immigrants’ Eligibility for U.S. Public Benefits: A Primer Immigrants’ eligibility for public benefits in the United States is governed by a complex patchwork of rules that make many groups of noncitizens eligible for some benefits but not others, while other noncitizens are excluded completely. This report provides an overview of immigrants’ eligibility for programs related to general assistance, health and nutrition, employment and income, education, housing, driver’s licenses, and more. Continue reading Allison Shelley/EDUimages Reports January 2024 Refining State Accountability Systems for English Learner Success State accountability systems are designed to identify and close student achievement gaps. Yet most do not report and interpret English Learner (EL) outcomes in a way that paints a full picture of how different instructional services have contributed to academic development. This report sketches a vision for reimagined accountability systems that can support better understanding of ELs’ learning and inform school improvement strategies. Continue reading Migration Policy Institute Articles Standoff at Eagle Pass: A High-Stakes U.S. Border Enforcement Showdown Comes to a Small Texas Park Rising tensions between Texas and the federal government have sparked fears of a constitutional crisis after the state deployed its National Guard to prevent the U.S. Border Patrol from conducting operations in a city park in Eagle Pass, with Texas Governor Greg Abbott saying the “invasion” of migrants triggered the need for action. This article provides an overview of the standoff and the larger context of current and past state-federal tensions over immigration enforcement. Articles Reliant on Labor Migration, the Global South Forges a New Social Contract with Its Citizens Countries such as Nepal and the Philippines have grown reliant on sending workers abroad to earn money, skills, and connections that help boost their economies. In these cases, emigration has become a way for governments in the Global South to offer their citizens access to social services and protections that they could not otherwise provide. This article details the emergence of this new mode of state-society relations. Articles Afghan Immigrants in the United States The Afghan immigrant population in the United States has grown dramatically since 2010, and particularly since the 2021 withdrawal of U.S. forces from Afghanistan. Most Afghans who obtained a green card in recent years have done so through the Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) program, reserved for interpreters and other Afghans who worked with the U.S. government. This article offers data on the approximately 195,000 Afghan immigrants in the United States. Articles South Asia’s Tibetan Refugee Community Is Shrinking, Imperiling Its Long-Term Future The number of Tibetan refugees in India, Nepal, and Bhutan has been on a steady decline since the mid-2000s, posing a threat to the future of an exile community that has developed a robust governance, cultural, educational, and religious structure. While the Tibetan government-in-exile has become a model for displaced communities, a series of factors have contributed to the shrinking population in South Asia, as this article describes. Recent Publications see all > Reports February 2024 Leaving No One Behind: Inclusive Fintech for Remittances By Ravenna Sohst Policy Briefs February 2024 A New Way Forward for Employment-Based Immigration: The Bridge Visa By Julia Gelatt and Muzaffar Chishti Reports February 2024 Outmatched: The U.S. Asylum System Faces Record Demands By Kathleen Bush-Joseph Policy Briefs February 2024 The Mobility Key: Realizing the Potential of Refugee Travel Documents By Samuel Davidoff-Gore Reports February 2024 Leaving No One Behind: Inclusive Fintech for Remittances By Ravenna Sohst Policy Briefs February 2024 A New Way Forward for Employment-Based Immigration: The Bridge Visa By Julia Gelatt and Muzaffar Chishti Reports February 2024 Outmatched: The U.S. Asylum System Faces Record Demands By Kathleen Bush-Joseph Policy Briefs February 2024 The Mobility Key: Realizing the Potential of Refugee Travel Documents By Samuel Davidoff-Gore In the Spotlight Top Statistics on Global Migration and Migrants Seeking some of the most often-sought information on global migration? This statistics-rich article draws on current data sources to offer a primer on international migration, highlighting its types, the size of the migrant population and growth over time, and major sending and receiving countries and regions. Beyond looking at labor and humanitarian migrants and international students, the article examines remittances and more. Read More Migration Information Source Special Issue: Climate Change Explore a special series of articles and a related podcast, Changing Climate, Changing Migration, about migration and climate change, featuring analysis and country case studies from top experts. Start Reading Frequently Requested Statistics on Immigrants and Immigration in the United States Immigration to the United States is the subject of significant debate, with questions ranging from the size of inflows, the role of immigrants in the labor market, and the nature of enforcement, to humanitarian admission policies and the sociodemographic characteristics of new arrivals. As such, it is important for the public to have access to accurate current and historical information. This article offers the top statistics on immigrants and immigration to the United States. Continue reading Country Resources Interested in quickly finding out what resources MPI and its online journal, the Migration Information Source, have by country? The country resources page allows users to select individual countries and see all the Source articles, MPI research, multimedia, and more that relates to an individual country. This is a great way to dive into everything MPI and the Source have to offer by country. Get Started Immigration Data Matters This easy-to-use online guide compiles some of the most credible governmental and authoritative nongovernmental data sources pertaining to immigrants and immigration in the United States and internationally. The guide directly links users to more than 220 data sources, organized by topic and region, and offers tips on how to access more complicated datasets. Get Started State Immigration Data Profiles Want the latest facts and data on immigrants in the United States? Search U.S. Census data on U.S. immigrants and the native born nationally and by state based on demographic, language and education, workforce, and income indicators. Get Started Multimedia see all > Moving Mountains: Climate Migration in High Altitudes February 27, 2024 Research & Initiatives Publications Events News About Us Contact Us Site Map Privacy Policy Experts 1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005 | ph. 202-266-1940 | fax. 202-266-1900 Copyright © 2001-2024 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved. 1275 K St. NW, Suite 800, Washington, DC 20005 ph. 202-266-1940 | fax. 202-266-1900 Copyright © 2001-2024 Migration Policy Institute. All rights reserved. Contact Site Map Experts Donate