Daniel Pink | #1 NYT bestselling author of WHEN and DRIVE Daniel H. Pink MENU Home About Books The Power of Regret When To Sell Is Human Drive A Whole New Mind The Adventures of Johnny Bunko Free Agent Nation Speaking Resources Why Not? Pinkcasts Contact Newsletter The One-Stop Shop for All Things Pink. Articles, videos, and interviews on the big ideas reshaping our work, transforming our businesses, and changing our lives. DAN’S BOOKS The Power of Regret: How Looking Backward Moves Us Forward Learn More WHEN: The Scientific Secrets of Perfect Timing: The Scientific Secrets of Perfect Timing Learn More To Sell Is Human: The Surprising Truth About Moving Others "Artfully blend(s) anecdotes, insights, and studies from the social sciences into a frothy blend of utility and entertainment" – Bloomberg Learn More Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us “Important reading…an integral addition to a growing body of literature that argues for a radical shift in how businesses operate.” – Kirkus Learn More A Whole New Mind: Why Right-Brainers Will Rule the Future "Wow! This is not a self-help book. It's way more important than that." – Seth Godin, author of Purple Cow Learn More The Adventures of Johnny Bunko: The Last Career Guide You'll Ever Need "The ideal gift for those in need of a career shakeup who claim they have no time to even think about next steps." – NYTimes.com Learn More Free Agent Nation: The Future of Working for Yourself "FREE AGENT NATION will turn your notion of a "career" upside down. It might even set you free..." – Scott Adams, Dilbert cartoonist Learn More Learn More Learn More "Artfully blend(s) anecdotes, insights, and studies from the social sciences into a frothy blend of utility and entertainment" – Bloomberg Learn More “Important reading…an integral addition to a growing body of literature that argues for a radical shift in how businesses operate.” – Kirkus Learn More "Wow! This is not a self-help book. It's way more important than that." – Seth Godin, author of Purple Cow Learn More "The ideal gift for those in need of a career shakeup who claim they have no time to even think about next steps." – NYTimes.com Learn More "FREE AGENT NATION will turn your notion of a "career" upside down. It might even set you free..." – Scott Adams, Dilbert cartoonist Learn More Resources Heleo: Using the Science of Good Timing to Pass the Test, Get the Job, and Live a Meaningful Life There’s research showing that time of day explains about… It all started with Studs Terkel’s chats with an athlete and a sex worker Come for the headline. Stay for the dozen book… How common is regret? A whopping 82 percent of Americans report experiencing regret… Heleo: Why You Should Always Go to the Doctor in the Morning—and Other Proven Timing Hacks Time of day explains about 20% of the variance… When Discussion Guide for Business Based on Dan Pink’s book When, this discussion guide… Essential Career Advice For Ambitious Young Professionals Dan talks about advice he’d have for young professionals… Interview with The School Superintendents Association The first installment in School Administrator’s Thought Leadership Series… 5 questions about motivation with Daniel Pink In the years since publishing Drive, a handful of… Jordan Harbinger Podcast: When Is the Best Time to Get Things Done? What is discussed with Daniel Pink: Timing is everything… When: Synchronize The three rules of syncing: Sync to a boss: Someone… When Discussion Guide for Educators Based on Dan Pink’s book When, this discussion guide… Heleo: How to Take the Perfect Nap, According to Science For most of my life, I hated naps. I… Why missed opportunities haunt us One of the most important insights from the scholarly… When: When During The Day Should You Exercise? Exercise in the morning if you want to: Establish… When: Vigilance Has Its Limits Alertness and energy levels, which climb in the morning… When: The Uh-oh effect Surges of activity always come at a temporal midpoint. This… When: Restorative Breaks Test results improve if we take regular breaks. Taking a… When: Napaccino How to take the perfect nap: Find your afternoon… When: Larks, Owls, and ‘Third Birds’ Larks are: Introverted Conscientious Agreeable Persistent Emotionally stable Owls are: … When: Hospital of Doom Afternoons can be dangerous time to be a patient. Something… Order The Power of Regret Amazon.com Audible Apple Books Barnes & Noble Books-A-Million BookShop.org IndieBound Penguin Random House Porchlight Books Target Walmart For UK retailers, click here. © 2024 Daniel H. Pink | site by Out:think | Third Party Cookies Disclosure | Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter SIGN ME UP! Should you quit your job? Sign up to get Dan's favorite career advice: I have read this site's privacy policy and give my consent to be subscribed. When to quit your job The best time of day to exercise A nifty trick for dealing with JERKS at work