Home - Museum of Science and Industry Why wait? Save time and avoid lines with advance tickets. Search Buy Tickets My Visit Explore Visit Support Members Educators Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago Members Educators Search Explore ↓ Visit ↓ Support ↓ Buy Tickets - Exhibits Giant Dome Theater Tours and Experiences Events About Us Providing unique experiences designed to spark scientific inquiry and creativity since 1933. Learn more × Ticket Prices Getting Here Groups and Field Trips Tourists Shops and Restaurants Amenities Host an Event FAQs Museum hoursOpen today from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Museum hoursOpen tomorrow from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. 5700 S. DuSable Lake Shore DriveChicago, IL 60637 Plan a visit × Become a member Donate Corporate Giving Foundation Support Volunteer Donate Now × Share Skip carousel 007 Science: Inventing the World of James Bond 002 Days to 007 Science Opening soon: 007 Science now open Black Creativity Juried Art Exhibition Learn more an immersive experience The Blue Paradox Learn more optional on-board tour available daily Elusive. Deadly. Captured. U-505 Submarine Exhibit / Colleen Moore's Fairy Castle The Original Tiny House Colleen Moore's Fairy Castle Museum hoursOpen today from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Museum hoursOpen tomorrow from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Buy tickets Our location 5700 S. DuSable Lake Shore Drive Chicago, IL 60637 Get directions count on MSI By the Numbers Explore than 100 works on display from professional and emerging Black artists. Enjoy live music and painting at our Black Creativity Experience 21-and-over event. Set your sights on MSI for the upcoming 007 Science: Inventing the World of James Bond. Skip carousel coming march 007, 2024 007 Science: Inventing the World of James Bond Explore the iconic cars, gadgets and props of the James Bond film series. 007 Science (opens March 007) now registering MSI Camps Give your young scientist a camp experience this spring or summer! MSI Camps film Blue Whales: Return of the Giants Swim with the world's largest animals. Blue Whales film Michael Jordan to the Max Relive MJ's last run to the NBA Finals. Michael Jordan to the Max film Dark Universe Uncover captivating mysteries of the cosmos. Dark Universe overnights Science Snoozeum Spend the night at the Museum and explore after hours! Science Snoozeum This is our future Inspiring the Next Generation of Innovators From field trips to teacher resources, MSI provides learning experiences both inside and outside the classroom—because improving science education is critical.Education initiativesField tripsEducator resources Skip carousel This might be my most favorite museum in Chicago. [MSI has] done a lot to take it beyond the '80s style exhibits into more, flashy 21st century displays. Rachel Azark CBS Chicago The best way to describe my experience at the Museum of Science and Industry is 'Wow!' Clinton W Crete, Illinois, United States If you haven’t been to MSI in a while, it might be time to stop on by and see what’s new. Marielle Shaw Chicagoist.com Get involved Support the Museum Help us transform lives through the power of science and science education—inside the Museum, in our schools and beyond—with your support of MSI.Become a memberDonate nowBe a corporate partner Subscribe to our newsletter Register Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Support Us Help transform lives through the power of science and science education. Become a member Donate now Visit Plan a Visit Ticket Prices Map Groups + Field Trips Host an Event Museum Store Explore What's Here Education Experiment About Us Careers Press Location + Hours Museum of Science & Industry 5700 S. DuSable Lake Shore Drive Chicago, IL 60637 USA Open today from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Open tomorrow from 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Getting Here Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact us © 2024 Museum of Science and Industry, Chicago × Submit Search ×