East Timor & Indonesia Action Network (ETAN) ` 30 years for human rights, justice and democracy East Timor and Indonesia Action Network Connect with ETAN The Web ETAN web site Support ETAN in 2024 Invest in Justice and Human Rights! THANK YOU for your Donation! Henry Kissinger Dies at 100: Greenlit Invasion and Illegally Provided Weapons to Indonesia ANTI: We strongly oppose impunity: We strongly oppose Prabowo Subianto that has been accused of serious crimes returning to power also Kami dengan tegas melawan impunitas Menolak dengan tegas terdakwa Prabowo Subianto kembali berkuasa; Ami firme kontinua kontra impunidade:Rejeita no kontra makaas akuzadu Jenerál Prabowo Subianto fila ba kaer póder no ukun A Death and an Election Donald Weatherbee and Timor-Lesteby Chris Lundry, ETAN Executive Committee member Professor-investigador, Centro de Estudios de Asia y África, El Colegio de Mexico ETAN condemns child abuse committed by a British Timor-Leste supporter ETAN kondena abuzu hasoru labarik sira ne'ebé apoiante Timor-Leste nian husi Inglaterra halo 30 Years On Justice for Timorese Remains Elusive ETAN Says That It Is NeverToo Late to Hold Accountable Those Responsible for Santa Cruz Massacre Timor-Leste Students &FriendsSorumutu Virtual 2022 April 9 4- 8 p.m. CDT (North America) * April 10 6-10 a.m. OTL (Timor-Leste) Download and read the Program booklet from the meeting ETAN, Tapol, Watch Indonesia!: President Widodo Should Revoke Award for Eurico Guterres Committing Crimes Against Humanity is Not for Celebration ETAN Celebrates the Life of Carmel Budiardjo, Mourns Her Passing ETAN Honors LGBTIQ+ Pride in Timor-Leste ETAN Calls for End to Military Coup and Repression in Myanmar ETAN: Sexual Abuse Case an Opportunity for Justice and Healing/Kazu Abuzu Seksuál mak Oportunidade ba Justisa no Hadi'a-an ETAN condemns Indonesian military murder in West Papua, Urges suspension of U.S. security assistance ETAN condemns visa to Indonesia's Defense Minister Prabowo, calls him a "serial rights violator" not worthy of U.S. visit Sign ETAN's Petition: SECRETARY OF STATE POMPEO Enforce Visa Ban on Indonesia's Prabowo ETAN BACKGROUNDER: Prabowo Subianto TAPOL and ETAN Letter to UK and US Ambassadors to UN on Anniversary of 30 September Movement Tapol/ETAN Webinar: Indonesia: Free the West Papuan Political Prisoners Watch archived copy online here Sign ETAN's Petition: Free West Papua Political Prisoners ETAN: West Papua Update Keep up with Coronavirus COVID-19 News from Timor-Leste, Indonesia and West Papua Subscribe to ETAN email lists ETAN on the Life of Dr. Dan Murphy Papuans Behind Bars: An online resource about political prisoners in West Papua - Jan 2018 - Oct 2019: New political prisoners, treason charges and lack judicial transparency in political prisoner cases Download PDF here Sign ETAN's Petition Support Justice for Timor-Leste, End Impunity We must end impunity to ensure a future filled with justice and peace. -Pam, California, USA It was the international community which supported Indonesia in its brutal invasion and occupation of East Timor (Timor-Leste). It is the responsibility of the international community to now call Indonesia to account. -Sr. Susan Connelly, Australia MKOTT: Public Statement on the Prosecution Against Witness K and Bernard Collaery by the Australian Government Tapol/ETAN: Joint Statement on the 'Act of Free Choice' Judicial Review Submission PDF: Initial court filing in Indonesian ETAN is an incredible organization. It was an important part of our struggle for self-determination, struggle for the permanent Maritime Boundary with Australia, and during the last 19 years, it has been part of Timorese struggle to reconstruct and to rebuild its country. At this critical juncture of Timor's development, it is critical to walk together with Timorese to achieve our dream for better life where every citizen has the conditions to meet its basic rights, including the economic and social rights to have a dignified life. -Gute Neves Support ETAN The Indonesian army is not running Indonesia any longer, but it is still powerful. The architects of attempted genocide still walk free. Timorese people's struggle for fair and people-centered development goes on. The Indonesian army still carries out in West Papua some of the tactics it pioneered in Timor-Leste. Activism is still needed, solidarity is still needed and it can still make a difference to Timorese and Indonesian struggles. No group has made this point more persistently than ETAN, which needs and merits support. -David Webster MKOTT: Timor-Leste Government should use the Celebration of 20 Years after the Referendum to Call for Freedom for Bernard Collaery and “Witness K” ETAN/TAPOL: UN General Assembly 73: Correcting the Record on Human Rights Violations in West Papua and The 1969 UN Resolution Regarding 'Act of Free Choice' Join ETAN. Sign Up Today! Subscribe to ETAN's email lists Intern with ETAN! Work for human rights & justice! Spread the word: print our and post our intern leaflet (PDF) Please Donate Today! Attend or organize events in your area (updated regularly) Download and distribute ETAN's revised general leaflet (PDF) ETAN's Key Contact List Action alerts, media releases, key news and other resources on Timor-Leste (East Timor) and Indonesia selected by ETAN, focused on ETAN's program and priorities ETAN on Facebook ETAN's Blog Follow @etan009 ETAN's other twitter accounts: Follow @TimorNews Follow @WestPapuaNews Follow @actindonesia Subscribe to ETAN's e-mail Listservs for news and views on Timor, West Papua and Indonesia Join ETAN, Sign up today! Gift Books Order from ETAN Learn Tetun Free Tais Bookmark with every order of $50 or more, while supplies last. Order from Amazon, Support ETAN Action Alerts Take action to support justice, human rights and other key issues for East Timor and Indonesia ETAN Media Releases, Statements and Articles - News, analysis, documents, links and reports from worldwide sources Media contact: John M. Miller, National Coordinator: +1-917-690-4391 (also WhatsApp/Signal) ETAN works with La'o Hamutuk (Institute for Reconstruction Monitoring & Analysis) ETAN is a member of the International Federation for East Timor ETAN supports Papuans Behind Bars www http://www.etan.org ETAN Issue Pages 1965/66: U.S.-Backed Suharto Takes Over Debt and Timor-Leste Environment and Timor Human Rights & Justice Indonesia and West Papua Struggles Labor Issues U.S. Congressional Action East Timor Refugees Religion and East Timor Timor Sea, Boundaries & Oil U.S.-Indonesia Security Assistance Women and E Timor Ford, Kissinger & 1975 United Nations: From the Indonesian invasion of East Timor to the U.N. administration in East Timor West Papua Report About ETAN Contact ETAN What Others Say About ETAN Background on East Timor and U.S. Policy In 2012, ETAN was honored by the government of Timor-Leste with the Ordem de Timor-Leste. Special Honors and Awards to ETAN and ETAN activists Intern with ETAN Information about posting job and related announcements to the list. What To Do | Resources | Web Links | ETAN Store | Estafeta | Contact | Images | Site Index | Search ETAN is a U.S.-based grassroots organization working in solidarity with the peoples of Timor-Leste (East Timor), West Papua and Indonesia. ETAN provides information about, and ways to help, Timor-Leste, which was invaded and subjugated by U.S. ally Indonesia in 1975. Timor-Leste finally became independent on May 20, 2002. ETAN educates, organizes, and advocates for justice for historic and ongoing crimes against humanity, war crimes, and human rights violations in East Timor, West Papua, and Indonesia. ETAN supports democratic development of Timor-Leste. ETAN supports genuine self-determination for West Papua and restrictions on secuirty assistance to Indonesia to support democracy and justice. Send your feedback to ETAN. We recommend Hostings Masters to host your website. They have provided great service to ETAN.