Best Interior Designers Company in India - Livspace Our website uses cookies. Learn more Interiors Design Ideas Modular Kitchen Designs Wardrobe Designs Bathroom Designs Master Bedroom Designs Living Room Designs Pooja Room Designs TV Unit Designs False Ceiling Designs Kids Bedroom Designs Balcony Designs Dining Room Designs Foyer Designs Homes by Livspace Home Office Designs Guest Bedroom Designs Window Designs Flooring Designs Wall Decor Designs Wall Paint Designs Home Wallpaper Designs Tile Designs Study Room Designs Magazine Room ideas Decor & Inspiration Ceiling Design Furniture ideas Home Decor Lighting Ideas Wall Design Ideas Expert Advice Interior Advice Vastu Tips Home Organisation Materials Guide Home Renovation Ideas Commercial interiors Cities Bengaluru Mumbai Chennai Hyderabad Pune Delhi Noida Gurugram Kochi Jaipur Ahmedabad Kolkata Mysore Coimbatore Surat Indore Lucknow Mangalore Thane Ghaziabad Faridabad Vijayawada Nagpur Vizag Goa Chandigarh Trivandrum Vadodara Patna Bhubaneswar Guwahati Bhopal Nashik Navi Mumbai Dehradun Kanpur Madurai Thrissur Raipur Ranchi Rajkot Pondicherry Ludhiana Srinagar Salem Agra Amritsar Jalandhar Meerut Gorakhpur Jodhpur Varanasi Jammu Kozhikode Bikaner Baramulla Store Locator More Commercial Interiors Own a franchise Press Careers About Us Contact Us Policies expand_more How it works Offerings Price Calculators Home Interior Price Calculator Kitchen Price Calculator Wardrobe Price Calculator The Modular Journey Refer a Friend Partner with us Home to beautiful interiors Book free consultation Want to know how much your kitchen interiors will cost? Calculate now Come say hi to beautiful interiors Visit your nearest Experience Centre to touch, feel and experience our products Visit us One-stop shop for all things interiors Be it end-to-end interiors, renovation or modular solutions, we have it all for your home or office. With a wide range of furniture & decor, we have your back from start to finish. Modular Interiors Functional kitchen, wardrobe and storage chevron_right Full Home Interiors Turnkey interior solutions for your home chevron_right Luxury Interiors Tailored interiors that redefine elegance chevron_right Renovations Expert solutions to upgrade your home chevron_right Commercial Interiors Hassle-free solutions for your workspace chevron_right Furniture & decor Exceptional products to amp up your space chevron_right Inspiration for home interior designs View All Give your home a new look with these interior design ideas curated for you Living Room Master Bedroom False Ceiling Homes by Livspace Kitchen Wardrobe Kids Room Home Office Guest Bedroom Foyer Room Dining Room Bathroom Why choose us Flat 10-year warranty¹ Easy EMIs 45-day move-in guarantee² 146 quality checks 75,000+ happy homes 50+ cities 3 countries 20 lakh+ catalogue products 3,500+ designers Get the estimate for your Kitchen Wardrobe Full Home Calculate the approximate cost of doing up your home interiors Full Home Interior Know the estimate price for your full home interiors Calculate chevron_right Kitchen Get an approximate costing for your kitchen interior. Calculate chevron_right Wardrobe Our rough math for your wardrobe Calculate chevron_right Looking for inspiration? Visit a Livspace Experience Centre. Find one close to you Check out some of our customer reviews View More Rohit Paul & Shveta Gurugram Hats off to the entire team at Livspace. They finished the project ahead of time. Swati & Gaurav Bangalore Our experience with Livspace was nice thanks to the project managers Puja Bhatia Gurugram We reached out to Livspace and they designed the house that we really wanted. Get a glimpse of Livspace homes Latest dream home interiors delivered the hassle-free way GET FREE QUOTE Modern 4 BHK Penthouse, Bangalore Contemporary 4 BHK penthouse, Noida Elegant 2 BHK flat, Mumbai Contemporary 3 BHK house, Gurgaon Contemporary 3 BHK flat, Ahmedabad Rustic 3 BHK home, Bangalore Stay updated with trending home interior designs! Find everything from design fixes to expert tips on Livspace magazine See more Wall Art Wonders: Exploring Ideas and Tips for Stylish Home Decor Maitreyee Chakraborti | March 04, 2024 HDF versus MDF: Can You Spot The Difference? Harsha Shankar | February 28, 2024 Room Decoration Items 101: A Guide for Every Room Maitreyee Chakraborti | February 27, 2024 Our trophy cabinet India's Most Trusted Brand Best Interior Design Solutions Brand Innovative Start-up World's Most Innovative Company Top 100 Global Companies In the news FAQs About Home Interior Design 1. Why do I need an interior designer? You can think of an interior designer as a film director. Their job is to monitor every minute detail from start to the final cut. From pre-production to the final edit, their perspective is responsible for shaping the final product. Similarly, interior designers are professionals who are able to gauge your needs and tastes to deliver your dream home. They assist you in getting custom-designed pieces that fit perfectly into your beautiful vision. From raw materials to finished products, they take care of everything! To chat with the top interior designers in India, you can either visit a Livspace Experience Centre in your city or fill out the lead form. You can also browse through the bedroom, living room and kitchen interior design images on our website for inspiration.2. Why is Livspace perfect for your home interior design? Livspace is the perfect partner who can build your home interiors just the way you want! Our design experts customize designs as per your needs. They will listen to your ideas and suggest options. At Livspace, we incorporate advanced technology into our modular solutions to create flawless interiors and also to expedite the process of making your dream home a reality. So, book your consultation today with India's Most Trusted Home Interiors Brand, Livspace and talk to our designers about your project.3.What services are included under home interior design? Livspace is a one-stop destination to seek the best interior designers who will help you design the home of your dreams. We are an interior design company that takes care of the design, delivery and installation of interiors for various spaces. That is not all. When you book home interiors with us, we offer end to end services that include modular interiors, installation of false ceilings, civil work, painting, electrical work, plumbing services, flooring and tiling. Whether you want to design your new space or renovate the existing one, we've got you covered. Get some inspiration by browsing the latest kitchen, living room, and bedroom interior designs to kickstart your home interior journey with Livspace.4. How much does home interiors cost? The cost of interior design services varies as per the size of the home, materials you choose and the scope of work. Here is the basic cost list for different types of homes to help you plan your budget.Following are the standard costs for the respective types of project:1 BHK - Starting at 1.99L*2 BHK - Starting at 3.57L*3 BHK - Starting at 4.23L*4 BHK - Starting at 4.81L*Modular Kitchens - Starting at 1.32L**The prices include only modular interiors for new homes.At Livspace, we create bedroom, tv unit design, modular kitchen, kids' room, balcony and living room interior designsfor every budget, so be assured that you will be able to create the space you have always dreamt for. Book a consultation today to find out more.5. What will be the timelines for my project completion? We deliver our promise of a 45-day Move-in Guarantee. This implies that all the modular solutions will be installed and you can move in to your home within the defined timeframe of 45-days. For full home interiors, we take 90 days to complete your interior design project. However, the completion timeline may vary from project to project. Factors such as material availability, customer feedback, design approvals, site readiness, etc., play an important role in determining the timeline. Please note that conditions may apply to the guarantee and the project timelines.6. What are the trending interior design styles? Here's a curated list of top interior design styles in India that you should watch out for when designing your dream home. 1. Bohemian Style 2. Modern Style 3. Colonial Style 4. Indian Traditional 5. Art Deco Style 6. Industrial Interior Design 7. Minimalist Interior Design 8. Scandinavian Interior Design Your dream home is just a click away GET STARTED *For renovation projects, the booking amount will be 15% of the final quote or Rs.25,000 (whichever is higher) Note: For new home interiors, a site measurement fee of 10% on the final quote will be charged. This will be adjusted against your project value when we raise the sales order. Download our app Offerings Interiors expand_more Modular Interiors Full Home Interiors Luxury Interiors Livspace Kitchen Livspace Wardrobe Home Interior Price Calculator Modular Kitchen Price Wardrobe Price Calculator Finishes Handles Kitchen Cabinets Wardrobe Cabinets Store Commercial Interiors expand_more Commercial Interiors Offices Get Inspired Design Ideas expand_more Kitchen Designs Living Room Designs Bedroom Designs Kids Room Designs Wardrobe Designs Pooja Room Designs Dining Room Designs Foyer Room Designs Bathroom Designs Guest Bedroom Designs Home Office Designs Balcony Designs TV Unit Designs Modular Kitchen False Ceiling Designs Homes by Livspace Window Designs Flooring Designs Wall Decor Designs Wall Paint Designs Home Wallpaper Designs Tile Designs Study Room Designs Magazine expand_more Room ideas Decor & Inspiration Ceiling Design Furniture ideas Home Decor Lighting Ideas Wall Design Ideas Expert Advice Interior Advice Vastu Tips Home Organisation Materials Guide Home Renovation Ideas Company Refer a friend How it works Careers Policies Terms and conditions About us Store Locator Contact us Privacy Own a franchise Livspace Reviews LivTech Interior Designer Our locations Contact Us Call us 1800-309-0930 Email us care@livspace.com This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. © 2023 Livspace.com All Rights Reserved Choose your country IND SG SA © 2023 Livspace.com All Rights Reserved *India’s Most Trusted Home Interiors Brand - by White Page International | *No. of homes delivered in October 2020 for every working hour | ¹Internal research carried out with Praxis | ²In comparison with a branded player and for exact scope | ³For kitchen, wardrobes and storage | For full scope, please visit, www.livspace.com/in/interiors/serviceDiscover Top Home Interior Designers With LivspaceEmbark on an epic journey of house renovation and transformation with Livspace interior designers - a place where your home interior design dreams become a reality! Are you seeking awe-inspiring renovations and interior designs to elevate your home interiors? Look no further! Livspace reigns supreme as the unrivalled home interior designer, providing a comprehensive repertoire of trendy, functional and sensational options that turn houses into veritable works of art!Unleash your imagination and let us weave our magic into every corner, as we bring your dream home to life, surpassing all expectations for you and your loved ones. Get ready to be mesmerised and talk to one of our top interior consultants today.Our Foray Into Interior Design For Homes The genesis of our journey emerged from the aspirations of two visionary friends, Anuj Srivastava and Ramakant Sharma, who, like countless others, harboured dreams of creating the perfect homes. However, they were met with a disjointed and disorganised interior design landscape. This inspired a revolutionary idea, propelling the dynamic duo on a mission to reshape the world of interior designs for homes. The rest, as they say, is history!Today, Livspace has designed over 75,000 residences throughout India and Singapore, earning resounding accolades within the interior design industry. Meticulously refining the craft of interior design for homes and renovation, we have sculpted a process that is nothing short of extraordinary for you and your home. Our prime focus is centred around the customer, ensuring that each venture concludes with breathtaking home interior design outcomes that transcend your expectations. Livspace’s Best Online Interior Design Options - Discover Your Perfect Fit!Livspace SelectExperience customisable, budget-friendly modular solutions for trendy kitchens, wardrobes, TV units, bookshelves and plenty more! Transform your living spaces with top-notch raw materials, streamlined manufacturing processes, distinctive home interior designs, and seamless end-to-end installation.Livspace VestaLivspace Vesta beckons you into a realm where visionary designers, trusted service partners, and renowned brands converge. Step into a world where your imagination knows no bounds and experience the magic of Livspace Vesta as we craft extraordinary interiors for all your spaces. From managing your entire interior design project to crafting timeless interiors for homes, our comprehensive interior design services are unmatched! Livspace Home RenovationDiscover the power of end-to-end house renovation solutions offered by Livspace, where every aspect of transforming your living spaces is meticulously handled. From the installation of stylish false ceilings that redefine architectural aesthetics to upgrading electrical and plumbing systems for enhanced functionality and safety, Livspace leaves no stone unturned in ensuring a comprehensive renovation experience. With a keen eye for detail, Livspace tackles every element of your renovation project, including expert tiling services that create striking floors and walls. Harmonising colours and breathing new life into your spaces, their skilled painters employ precision and finesse, delivering flawless finishes that exude sophistication. Beyond individual services, Livspace provides a cohesive approach, seamlessly integrating all aspects of the house renovation process. From conception to completion, their team of professionals works diligently to ensure a smooth and hassle-free experience, leaving you with revitalised spaces that radiate a fresh sense of appeal and renewed energy. Livspace Commercial And Office InteriorsLivspace specialises in providing commercial interior designing services for a diverse range of spaces including offices, retail stores, hotels, restaurants, warehouses, and residential amenities. Our expertise lies in offering comprehensive services such as design and build, encompassing a holistic approach to transformational design strategies. We excel in sourcing and procuring the finest products from top-notch suppliers across the country, ensuring a tailored fit to meet your specific requirements. Additionally, our team of experts excels in general contracting, capable of constructing and replicating designs with utmost precision and compliance to design standards. With Livspace, you can expect a seamless and professional experience in achieving your ideal commercial interior space.Livspace Online Shopping For Furniture And DecorLooking to revamp a room or transform your entire house? Look no further than the Livspace store. We specialise in curating a wide range of beautiful furniture and stunning decor from the best brands in the industry. With exclusive prices and an extensive collection, you no longer need to hop from store to store. At Livspace, you have the convenience of shopping anytime you want, bringing your vision to life with our exceptional selection and exceptional deals. Experience the joy of creating your dream space with ease and style at the Livspace store.Quick, Cost Interior Design Estimates With A Single Click!Home Interior Price Calculator With the Livspace Home Interior Price Calculator, bringing your dream home to life is now simpler than ever. This innovative tool empowers you to envision and plan your ideal living spaces while staying within your desired budgetary constraints. Equipped with a user-friendly interface, the calculator provides a seamless experience. Simply input your space's dimensions, select your desired style, and choose from a range of customizable features, such as materials, finishes, and fixtures. As you make selections, the calculator dynamically calculates and presents an estimated cost for your envisioned project.The Livspace Home Interior Price Calculator ensures transparency and helps you make informed decisions. It presents an itemised breakdown of costs, enabling you to understand the pricing for each element of your design. This level of clarity empowers you to make adjustments and explore alternatives to achieve the perfect balance between aesthetics and affordability.By leveraging the Livspace Home Interior Price Calculator on our interior design website, you gain invaluable insights into the cost implications of different design choices. It enables you to align your aspirations with your budget, ensuring a smooth and well-planned interior design journey.Modular Kitchen Price CalculatorLivspace's Kitchen Price Calculator is a comprehensive tool that allows users to easily estimate the cost of their kitchen interior design projects. By inputting relevant details such as the kitchen size, layout, finishes, and materials, the calculator provides an instant cost estimate. This tool simplifies the process of budgeting and planning for a kitchen renovation, enabling users to make informed decisions and explore different design options within their desired price range. Whether you have an L-shaped kitchen, a U-shaped kitchen or a straight kitchen layout, get quick costing done in a single click!Wardrobe Price CalculatorExperience the convenience of Livspace's Wardrobe Price Calculator, eliminating the guesswork and providing you with an accurate estimate and interior quotation for your modular wardrobe. With just five simple questions, we'll handle the calculations for you!Start by selecting the length of your wardrobe, providing us with the basic dimensions for a better understanding of the project scope. Next, choose between a sliding or swing door wardrobe to ensure an accurate quote tailored to your preferences. Consider the importance of finish options, as they play a significant role in determining the wardrobe price. Additionally, selecting the core material will help us calculate a precise estimate based on your chosen materials. Lastly, if you have any smart accessories in mind, share them with us, and we'll incorporate them into the final estimate. Let Livspace's Wardrobe Price Calculator simplify your budgeting process and deliver a tailored price estimate for your ideal modular wardrobe.Home Interior Design Ideas - Our Online Design Wonderland For Endless Inspiration!Embark on a transformative journey with Livspace's meticulously curated interior design ideas, designed to breathe new life into your home. Delve into an array of exclusive designs and trends that effortlessly blend inspiration with functionality. Our team of skilled top interior designers has meticulously assembled a diverse range of ideas spanning kitchens, bedrooms, living rooms, and more. Discover the perfect modular interior design that harmonises with your unique home interior requirements, ensuring a space that resonates with your personal style and aspirations.Technology Used By Livspace For Home Interior DesignsDuraBuild TechnologyCabinets have never looked better or been stronger! Precision engineering and a 4-sigma process with a 99.9% build accuracy bring to you the Livspace DuraBuild Cabinets, which employs advanced connector mechanisms for sturdier units. AntiBubble TechnologyBubbles are meant for a summer afternoon in the park, not in the panels of your new interior design. Fortunately, the Livspace AntiBubble Technology ensures that all your house interior panels have an unbelievably smooth, bubble-free finish.AquaBloc TechnologyLivspace interior design does not want to dip its toes in the water. That’s why, the Livspace AquaBloc Technology prevents moisture from ruining the quality of your interiors, so that you can enjoy your dream home for a long, long time. Unveiling The Livspace Edge!Experience the multitude of perks that come with having the Livspace company by your side. With a 10-year warranty, 45-day move-in guarantee, and extensive quality checks, we ensure your peace of mind. But that's not all! Our experienced room designers possess the expertise to enhance the beauty of any space, tailoring your interiors for home to reflect your unique energy. We stay updated with the best interior design trends, offering innovative ideas and tricks to make your space truly captivating. Our diverse range of designs caters to every style and taste, curated by our in-house design team and trusted service partners. With Livspace, affordable renovation is within reach, as we provide great offers on modular solutions and complete home makeovers. Prepare to transform your home into a stunning sanctuary without straining your budget. Lastly, our portfolio boasts award-winning designs crafted through the use of high-quality materials, exquisite layouts, and exceptional workmanship, showcasing the glamour and distinction that our new interior designs bring to your abode.Get Started With Your Journey In Interior Design!Discover the effortless process of transforming your home with Livspace.STEP 1 Begin your journey by visiting a Livspace Experience Centre or filling out a form on our website to schedule a free consultation with your dedicated designer and receive detailed costing for your project.STEP 2 Give us the green light to proceed by making an initial payment of 5% or ₹15,000 (whichever is higher), securing your spot in the transformation process.STEP 3 Immerse yourself in the excitement of selecting from a wide range of designs, materials, and finishes, personalising your home to match your unique taste and preferences.STEP 4 Kickstart the renovation process by making a 50% payment, allowing our team of experts to bring your dream home to life, carefully executing the planned design with precision and attention to detail.STEP 5 Complete your journey by making the remaining 45% payment, and witness the culmination of your vision as your one-of-a-kind home interiors become a reality. Sit back, relax, and revel in the joy of your transformed living space.Our journey as an interior design company has been remarkable, and the narrative continues to unfold. Join us in the next chapter as we aspire for you to become the proud owner of a #LivspaceHome. If you're seeking a home that brings you joy, reach out to our team of interior consultants and let the magic begin! Locations Interior Designer in Delhi Interior Designer in Gurugram Interior Designer in Noida Interior Designer in Indore Interior Designer in Lucknow Interior Designer in Ghaziabad Interior Designer in Faridabad Interior Designer in Bengaluru Interior Designer in Chennai Interior Designer in Hyderabad Interior Designer in Kochi Interior Designer in Mysore Interior Designer in Coimbatore Interior Designer in Mangalore Interior Designer in Vijayawada Interior Designer in Vizag Interior Designer in Kolkata Interior Designer in Mumbai Interior Designer in Pune Interior Designer in Ahmedabad Interior Designer in Jaipur Interior Designer in Surat Interior Designer in Thane Interior Designer in Nagpur Interior Designer in Goa Interior Designer in Chandigarh Interior Designer in Trivandrum Interior Designer in Vadodara Interior Designer in Patna Interior Designer in Bhubaneswar Interior Designer in Guwahati Interior Designer in Bhopal Interior Designer in Nashik Interior Designer in Navi Mumbai Interior Designer in Dehradun Interior Designer in Kanpur Interior Designer in Madurai Interior Designer in Thrissur Interior Designer in Raipur Interior Designer in Ranchi Interior Designer in Rajkot Interior Designer in Pondicherry Interior Designer in Ludhiana Interior Designer in Srinagar Interior Designer in Salem Interior Designer in Agra Interior Designer in Amritsar Interior Designer in Jalandhar Interior Designer in Meerut Interior Designer in Gorakhpur Interior Designer in Jodhpur Interior Designer in Varanasi Interior Designer in Jammu Interior Designer in Kozhikode Interior Designer in Bikaner Interior Designer in Baramulla Designs Kitchen Cabinet Bedroom Ceiling L Shape Kitchen U Shape Kitchen Island Kitchen Open Kitchen Parallel Kitchen Mandir Design Sliding Wardrobe Walk-in Wardrobe Mirror Wardrobe Small Bathroom Girls Bedroom Boys Bedroom Kitchen in Bangalore Kitchen in Mumbai Kitchen in Pune Kitchen in Chennai Kitchen in Hyderabad Kitchen in Gurgaon Kitchen in Ahmedabad Kitchen in Kolkata Kitchen in Vadodara Kitchen in Noida Kitchen in Delhi Kitchen in Jaipur Kitchen in Coimbatore Kitchen in Lucknow Kitchen in Vizag Kitchen in Vijayawada Kitchen in Nagpur Kitchen in Patna Kitchen in Surat Kitchen in Kochi Kitchen in Bhubaneswar Kitchen in Guwahati Kitchen in Bhopal Kitchen in Chandigarh Kitchen Tile Designs Bedroom Tile Designs Bathroom Tile Designs Living room Tile Designs Living room Walpaper Designs Bedroom Walpaper Designs Living room Wallpaint Ideas Bedroom Wallpaint Ideas Bedroom Wall Designs