Aflac | America’s Most Recognized Supplemental Insurance Company Skip to main content hide Notifications from Aflac Dismiss all notifications closes this dialog hide New messages from Aflac View notifications opens a dialog Dismiss closes the notifications alert High Contrast Mode Español Newsroom Find an Agent Become an Agent Brokers Log In / Register Individuals Business Owners Brokers Agents Get a Quote Individuals & Families Business Owners What We Do Resources File a Claim Search query Clear Submit Enable High Contrast ModeDisable High Contrast Mode Español Find an Agent Log In / Register Individuals Business Owners Brokers Agents Products Direct Products Accident Insurance Cancer Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Dental Insurance Final Expense Insurance Life Insurance Medicare Supplement Pet Insurance Employer Offered Products Hospital Insurance Short-Term Disability Insurance Supplemental Dental Insurance Supplemental Vision Insurance Products Products: Accident Insurance Cancer Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Life Insurance Hospital Insurance Short-Term Disability Insurance Dental Insurance Supplemental Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Supplemental Vision Insurance Services Cafeteria Plans Resources Article Topics Cancer Insurance Advice Dental Insurance Advice Hospital Insurance Advice Life Insurance Advice Health Insurance Advice Customer Resources Getting Started Guide How to Access Your Account Filing Wellness Benefit Claims Life Event Changes Resources Get Paid Fast Tools Life Insurance Calculator Request a Quote Call Us Health insurance wasn’t designed to cover everything. Health insurance wasn’t designed to cover everything. That’s why there’s Aflac. We can help you take care of the expenses health insurance doesn’t cover, so you can take care of everything else. Learn how Aflac can help. Enter your info to get started. Zip Code Age Covering Me Me & My Spouse Me & My Children Me, My Spouse & Children My Business Get a Free Quote Opening talk to an agent form. Get a Quote Choose one of the options below. Speak to An Agent Quote & Apply Online Opening business form. Get a Quote Change your info. Discover how our products can help provide financial peace of mind: Accident Insurance Get peace of mind and help paying for emergency treatment. Cancer Insurance1 Get help coping with the financial and emotional effects of cancer. Critical Illness Insurance Get help with the cost of treating covered critical illnesses. Dental Insurance Choose from Aflac’s coverage options for the level and premiums that are right for you. Final Expense Insurance Final expense whole life insurance helps loved ones cover funeral and other final expenses. Medicare Supplement2 Can help pay for some of the costs that Original Medicare doesn't, like copay, coinsurance and deductibles. Life Insurance Help protect the financial future of your loved ones. Pet Insurance3 Help for when your pet experiences the unexpected. Additional products available through an employer: Hospital Insurance Help keep high deductibles from derailing your life plans. Short-Term Disability Help ease the financial stress caused by a covered injury. Supplemental Dental Get the benefits you need—with no networks or deductibles. Vision Insurance Choose from Aflac’s vision coverage options for the level and premiums that are right for you. Supplemental Vision Find the care you need to help maintain healthy vision. Group products designed for large employers: Dental Insurance Help keep your employees protected from routine and unexpected dental expenses. Vision Insurance Regular eye exams may detect eye diseases early, helping employees preserve their vision. Life Insurance Strengthen employee benefits packages and provide essential insurance protection to employees during their time of need. Disability Insurance Offer employees a financial safety net if they’re sick or unable to work due to an injury, illness or mental condition. Absence Management Manage employee absences and stay in step with evolving leave laws. Ready to take the next step to protect your future? Ready to take the next step to protect your future? Learn more I would like coverage for: Myself My Employees About Aflac Careers Investors Providers Newsroom Contact Us © 2024 AFLAC INCORPORATED Terms of Use Privacy Policy & Notifications Privacy Center Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Accessibility Statement The plans advertised herein offer supplemental insurance coverage and are not major medical insurance plans. Except in New York, individual insurance and group dental and vision insurance is offered by American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus. In NY both group and individual coverage is offered by American Family Life Assurance Company of New York. Group policies are offered by Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC). CAIC is not licensed to solicit business in New York, Guam, Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands. In CA, CAIC does business as Continental American Life Insurance Company (CAIC NAIC 71730) Dental and Vision plans are administered by Aflac Benefit Solutions, Inc. Aflac Worldwide Headquarters | Columbus, GA Aflac Group | Columbia, SC American Family Life Assurance Company of New York | Albany, NY Aflac’s Premium Life, Absence and Disability Services are available in all states, except Puerto Rico, Guam or the Virgin Islands, and are offered by Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC). Self-funded plans and absence services are administered by CAIC in all states but NY. In NY, self-funded plans and absence services are administered by and insurance is offered by American Family Life Assurance Company of NY. Administrative services are not insurance and are not considered legal advice. Products may not be available in all states and may vary depending on state law. Direct to Consumer Business is underwritten by Tier One Insurance Company, doing business as Tier One Life Insurance Company in California (Tier One NAIC 92908) 1 Cancer insurance is also known as Specified-Disease Insurance in some states. 2 Aflac Medicare Supplement insurance coverage is underwritten by Tier One Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Aflac Incorporated, and is administered by Aetna Lie Insurance Company. Plans are not available in all states. 3 Trupanion policies are sold and administered by Trupanion Managers USA, Inc. (“TMUI”) (licenses available here), and are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company (“APIC”), with its main office at 6100 4th Ave S, Seattle, WA 98102. Aflac Benefits Advisors, Inc. (d/b/a Aflac Insurance Solutions), a subsidiary of Aflac Incorporated and a licensed insurance producer (NPN 16512385), has limited authority to advertise Trupanion policies, does not intend to sell, solicit, or negotiate policies on behalf of APIC, does not have authority to bind coverage on behalf of APIC, and may receive compensation from TMUI for insurance policies sold by TMUI further to a referral from Aflac Benefits Advisors, Inc. Aflac Benefits Advisors, Inc. does not have authority to sell, solicit, or negotiate insurance policies in Puerto Rico. TMUI, APIC, and their affiliates are separate, independent of, and distinct from Aflac Benefits Advisors, Inc. Terms and conditions including limitations and exclusions apply. Availability and qualification for coverage, terms, rates and discounts may vary by jurisdiction. See the full policy for details. Information you provide to TMUI is subject to Trupanion’s privacy policy and website terms of use, and may be shared with Aflac Benefits Advisors, Inc. ‡ "2020-2021 Aflac WorkForces Report". www.aflac.com/awr hide Are you a resident of the state of Wyoming? Yes No The Benefits Estimator options for the state of Wyoming are shown in the tool below. Close Our Benefits Estimator cannot display cancer items for the state of Wyoming. Close