Fresh bananas, pineapples, vegetables and more from Dole.com United States - English Canada - English Germany - German Italy - Italian Netherlands - Dutch United Kingdom - English Find Your Farm All our fruit from the farm straight to your local supermarket. The farm code tells you which farm produced the fruit you are eating. Just enter the 3- or 5-digit code to find out where your fruit came from and learn about the country and the people who grew and picked it! Dole Fresh Vegetables, Inc. Announces Voluntary Recall of Limited Number of Salad Kits Due to Possible Health Risk from Listeria monocytogenes Learn more Illegitimate use of Dole plc name and fraudulent activity in India and Nigeria Learn more 125 Years of Bananas We're going BANANAS, celebrating 125 years of growth, innovation, and commitment with farming the iconic yellow fruit! Join us on a journey that traces the roots of Dole's past and paves the way for a brighter future. Take Me There! Dole & Disney WISH Get ready to step into a world of delectable whimsy and savory adventure as we share Dole and Disney WISH-inspired fun! Let's Go! Dole Whip Wonderland Send your tastebuds on an adventure through Dole Whip Wonderland! Experience the Dole Whip movement with 13 tantalizing Whip recipes, find your Dole Whip Zodiac, and live your best #DoleWhipLife with unique downloads and more! Take Me There! Bring Home a Taste of Paradise When you think of pineapples, you think of Dole. With a deeper golden shell, richer golden flesh, and delicate aromatic check out Dole's new Golden Selection® Pineapples. Learn More 2022 Dole Sustainability Report Download the Report For over 170 years, we have been as proud to deliver nutritious, high-quality produce all around the world, as we have been to take responsibility for the land from which it is grown. And we are equally committed to supporting and enhancing the global communities that ensure we can produce and deliver the quality produce we are known for. The Dole Way is our enduring commitment to grow, process and distribute our produce responsibly - today and for generations to come Read more about our progress here. Sustainability Report Check out the new Dole Shop! Grocery shopping? Check out our reusable bags! Hiking, biking, or enjoying your favorite activity? Gear up with Dole's iconic designs or fun prints that inspire a good mood! Shop Now Monthly Nutrition News Articles Treat yourself to inspiring ideas, learn why it's important to take enough exercise, and find out more about the various nutrients in fruit and vegetables. Chef's Corner 10 Ways to Eat Green on Saint Patrick's Day Nutrition March is National Nutrition Month Healthy Living A Guide to Spring Clean Your Refrigerator Nutrition How to Make a Spring Salad That's Actually Filling Nutrition The Perfect Pair Eat Healthy At Home From kids to adults, these delicious recipes are sure to please the crowd on any occasion. Loaded Banana Bread 1 hr 15 Minutes Vitamin C Immunity Shot 15 Minutes Roasted Stuffed Acorn Squash 1 hr 10 Minutes One Pot Broccoli Cauliflower Cheddar Chickpea Mac 31 Minutes View all recipes Dole Quick-fire Challenge How fast can you whip up some delicious Dole recipes? Find out in our new, Dole Quick-fire Challenge Game! Click to Play Tips for Healthy Living Enjoy regular servings of fascinating topics and information, not to mention practical, everyday tips for a happy and healthy lifestyle. Chef's Corner 10 Plant Based Recipes for Outdoor Eating 10 Ways to Eat Green on Saint Patrick's Day 25 Delicious Ways to Lighten up Your Summer Grilling Healthy Living 10 Effective Ways to Stay Motivated with Your New Year Fitness Goals 10 Little Tips to Make You Happier 10 Snacks Ideas for Nursing Moms Nutrition 3 Foods to Always Have on Your Breakfast Plate 3 Foods You Should Be Eating For Heart Health 5 Foods to Increase Your Energy this Holiday View all articles Goodness Stems from the Roots We believe we cannot be successful without ensuring that our people, resources, environment and communities are treated as our most precious assets. Learn More Our Favorites Dole offers a wide range of fresh, delicious produce. With such a varied selection, there's something for everyone. Pineapple Blueberries Plantains View our produce Get Daily Inspiration Check out our latest posts to get inspiration on eating healthy. Follow us Facebook @Dole Instagram @DolePics Pinterest DolePins Twitter @DoleTweets Investor Information Dole Food Company and Total Produce combine to form “Dole plc,” and launch an Initial Public Offering on the NYSE. Read Investor Details Get Our Newsletter All our tastiest news sent to your inbox. Company About Careers Terms of Use Code of Conduct Transparency in Coverage Press Releases Sustainability Dole Family Dole Fruit Hawaii Dole Packaged Foods Ocean Cargo Dole Pineapple Farm Tour Partners DBCP Facts Memorandum of Insurance Transparency in Supply Chain Management Truckers & Customers Information Portal Connect Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Contact Privacy Policy © 2024 All rights reserved.