Toronto Dance Salsa - The best place to learn salsa dancing. MENU Learn to Dance Register Now Register This will be the best hour of your week. Where every class is a party. Let loose. Meet new people. Find where you #belong. SCROLL More than a dance class,this is a place to be you. You're braver than you think. You're stronger than you know. You're sexier than you realize. Unleash your potential. Find your happy place. Just show up. Just dance. Brand new to salsa dancing? How to get started. Bring yourself, we’ll take care of the rest. Whether you’re single or a couple, Salsa Level 1 is your zero-pressure, absolute-beginner intro to social dancing. Discover Salsa Attended dance classes before? What class to take next. Find the right class to take your moves to the next level. Not sure where to go next? Book a free assessment to find the best class to match your skills. Class Descriptions & Schedule Come out and dance with us! What’s happening at TDS. Our TDS socials are weekly dance parties where you’ll join over 100 friends ready to practice, mingle, and dance like no one’s watching. Parties & Socials Convenienceand Flexibilitythat fits your life After-work and weekend classes. Fill your downtime. Couples and singles welcome. Everyone’s partnered up. Locations on the subway. Super easy to get to. Classes every day of the week. Works with your schedule. Weekly Dance Socials. Always fun times! Move, Dance,and grow, together. Here it’s safe to stumble and make mistakes. Here we laugh and try until we get it. Here you #belong no matter who you are. Here you feel comfortable from the moment you walk through the door. Learn More About Salsa Level 1 Find your peopleand a place where you People wait all week for Friday, but I wait all week for Monday Salsa night. Student from Salsa Level 2 Once there, I forgot everything, but my dancing. Student from Salsa Level 5 The instructor helps you understand the technique while keeping the environment light and fun and always makes sure you know you belong. It’s easy to see the culture of belonging and friendliness carry through to everyone in the class. Anoksha G. I came into this class motivated by a self improvement challenge, having never had the courage to hit the dance floor in my life. I was actually really nervous. The environment is friendly, fun, unpretentious. Edwin M. Best place ever. Amazing teachers, helpers and the entire community. Everyone makes you feel welcome regardless of your age and your dancing experience. Everything is there for you, time to learn, time to practice and time to dance. Single or couples everyone is welcome. Diane R. You don’t feel afraid to learn or feel embarrassed when you mess up! The energy was awesome. Ryan R. YOU HERE. Find your happy place. Find your people.Meet your next someone or take your relationship to the next level. Dance one hour a week and transform your life. What have you got to lose? Sign up for Salsa 1 Now YOU HERE. Find your happy place. Find your people. Meet your next someone or take your relationship to the next level. Dance one hour a week and transform your life. What have you got to lose? Sign up for Salsa 1 Now WE #BELONG in your inbox Receive dance party invites and class updates by email and never miss out again. SUBSCRIBE ME! YOU #BELONG in our classes The only thing left to do is pick a class and sign up. What are you waiting for? REGISTER ME! Learn Your Moves Groups & Team Building FAQs Ultimate Guide To Salsa Dancing What Can You Expect From Your First Class? What Do I Wear To A Salsa Class? Resources Current Student Login Make Your Moves TDS Uptown Studio & HQ Empress Walk 5095 Yonge St, 2nd Floor Free on-site parking for 1.5 hours Direct subway access to North York Centre Station 1 min walk from the subway Write to US Follow US All rights reserved — 2024 — Privacy × Classes & Schedules Back Salsa Level 1 Salsa Level 2-6 Bachata Level 1 Bachata Level 2-4 Parties & Socials Back Parties & Socials Overview Salsa Parties Bachata Parties Salsa Socials Bachata Socials We Are Hiring Gift Certificates Salsa-Songs Bachata-Songs About TDS Team Building & Private Lessons Resources Contact × SIGN UP NOW never miss a beat. Please leave this field empty. × Classes & Schedules Salsa 1 Bachata Level 1 Salsa Level 2-6 Bachata Level 2-4 Parties & Socials Parties & Socials Overview Salsa Parties Bachata Parties Salsa Socials Bachata Socials We Are Hiring Gift Certificates Salsa-Songs Bachata-Songs About TDS Resources Team Building & Private Lessons Contact