American Optometric Association (AOA) | Doctors of Optometry Search: Menu Sign In Close Menu Member Center Education Practice Career Center Advocacy Events News Join Renew Find State Affiliate Find a Doctor AOA-PAC AOA Marketplace (Store) Patient Resources Member Center Doctors of Optometry Paraoptometrics Future Doctors of Optometry Join the AOA MyAOA Back Upcoming Virtual & Live Events EyeLearn: Professional Development Hub Paraoptometric Resources Paraoptometric Certification Exams AOA Micro-credentials AOA Marketplace Resources Studying Optometry For Educators AOA Leadership Institute AOA Leadership Institute 2.0 Educate Your Community Resources Back Practice AOA Center for Independent Practice AOAExcel AOA Legal FAQ Coding and Reimbursement Legal Questions and Answers Relating to Subpoenas AOA Marketplace Resources Career Growth & Transitions Clinical Guidelines COVID-19 Information Financial Health Maximize Profitability New Doctors of Optometry Owning a Practice Paraoptometric Recruiting and Retention Resources Professional Protection Practice Success Resources Specialties Back View Open Positions Employers Job Seekers Career Pathways Back Advocacy Federal State Health and Vision Plan Advocacy Health Policy Institute Back Calendar of Events Optometry's Meeting Event Submission Form Back News AOA News AOA Focus Paraoptometric Newsletters Hindsight Journal Back Close Log in to gain access tomember-only content User Name Password Submit Forgot password or username? Not a member? Join today! Sign In Join Renew Find State Affiliate Find a Doctor AOA-PAC AOA Marketplace (Store) Patient Resources Member Center Doctors of Optometry Paraoptometrics Future Doctors of Optometry Join the AOA MyAOA Education Upcoming Virtual & Live Events EyeLearn: Professional Development Hub Paraoptometric Resources Paraoptometric Certification Exams AOA Micro-credentials AOA Marketplace Resources Studying Optometry For Educators AOA Leadership Institute AOA Leadership Institute 2.0 Educate Your Community Resources Practice AOA Center for Independent Practice AOAExcel AOA Legal FAQ Coding and Reimbursement Legal Questions and Answers Relating to Subpoenas AOA Marketplace Resources Career Growth & Transitions Clinical Guidelines COVID-19 Information Financial Health Maximize Profitability New Doctors of Optometry Owning a Practice Paraoptometric Recruiting and Retention Resources Professional Protection Practice Success Resources Specialties Career Center View Open Positions Employers Job Seekers Career Pathways Advocacy Federal State Health and Vision Plan Advocacy Health Policy Institute Events Calendar of Events Optometry's Meeting Event Submission Form News AOA News AOA Focus Paraoptometric Newsletters Hindsight Journal Search: The leader in eye health and vision care. Advance your profession and your career with the AOA. We promote doctors of optometry through advocacy, professional development, practice management tools and more. Become a Member AOA Reveals Cost of Unmanaged Screen Time Millions of Americans are exposed to excessive screen time, particularly those who work in office jobs. AOA’s Eye Deserve More campaign released a new report revealing the cost of unmanaged screen time symptoms to be $151 billion per year and how doctors of optometry play an essential role in preventing further costs through annual comprehensive exams. Read the full report. Optometry's Meeting Registration Now Open The profession's premier annual event comes to Nashville, Tennessee, June 19-22, for four days of industry-renowned continuing education and staff training, exhibits, networking, career-building opportunities and more. Early bird registration is available through March 31. AOA Health and Vision Plan Action Report Reimbursement and coverage fairness for doctors of optometry continues to be one of the AOA’s highest advocacy priorities. Access the AOA Health and Vision Plan Action Report, a daily tally of member-doctor challenges with plans, to see how the AOA is advocating on behalf of the profession. News See All Inside Optometry Leading AI authority Tom Lawry to keynote Optometry’s Meeting® Lawry has a distinguished background in implementing AI solutions to enhance patient care and optimize care delivery. Hear Lawry’s keynote at the AOA Experience: Opening Session, supported by Johnson & Johnson Vision, on June 19. AOA News Clinical Eye Care Link between eye examinations and fall prevention in older adults 📽️ Comprehensive eye examinations are among the chief ways of preventing potentially deadly falls in adults 65 years and older, according to the American Public Health Association’s (APHA’s) newly released policy statement. For many people at risk of falling, an annual eye examination could be a lifesaver, the APHA statement says. Public Health Inside Optometry Honoring Charlotte Ferris’ dedication to optometry A long-time AOA staffer, Charlotte’s dedication to the association was palpable in everything she did. The AOA sends condolences and thanks to the Ferris family for their years of service. Member Spotlight September 5, 2023 - May 21, 2024 Subscribe Live CE 2023-2024 Virtual April 4 - 7, 2024 2024 Innovation Vision Conference of NY Rochester, NY April 4 - 6, 2024 2024 OAOP Vision Summit Norman, Oklahoma Join Now: Become a Member As an AOA member, you'll be supporting advocacy efforts that help advance and protect the profession. Plus, you'll get access to exclusive continuing education programs and clinical resources. Join the aoa Login to gain access to member-only content Username Password Login Forgot username or password? Not a Member? Become a member today to access this page. You do not have access to this content. Call 314.983.4167 for assistance. Not a member? Join the AOA today! American Optometric Association About the AOA Leadership Ethics & Values Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Governance Annual Report Work at AOA Contact Advertising & Sponsorships Press Room Website Policies Web Accessibility AOA Websites Optometry's Meeting Optometry Cares AOSA EyeLearn Career Center InfantSEE Find a Doctor Get Involved Maximize Your Membership Connect to Optometry Cares Educate Your Community Join Eye Deserve More Connect