SuperGuide - Superannuation and retirement planning guide Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerSuperGuideSuperannuation and retirement planning information Search this website Search 50194Join now Join now Dashboard Log in Dashboard Join now Search this website Search 30909 How super works Super rules Contributing to super Accessing super Super tips and strategies Super news Employers guide to super Super funds Compare super funds Best performing super funds Best performing pension funds Choosing a super fund Super investing strategies Super fund profiles SMSFs SMSF for beginners SMSF admin and compliance SMSF investing SMSF pensions SMSF estate planning SMSF strategies SMSF checklists SMSF Q&As Retirement planning Getting started Key issues to consider Retirement planning strategies Case studies Calculators Seeking financial advice Preparing for retirement In retirement Income from super Age Pension Work and other income Seniors concessions and services Life in retirement Estate planning Aged care Special features Calculators and reckoners Case studies How-to guides Newsletters Q&As Quizzes Step-by-step guides Tips and strategies Webinars SuperGuide – Superannuation and retirement planning information Supercharge your retirement savings Join thousands of Australians who are taking control of their superannuation and making their retirement goals a reality. Learn more 4.7Based on 70 reviews Latest features Age Pension calculator (March 2024 update) Our Age Pension calculator gives you an estimate of your potential Age Pension entitlements for the period 20 September 2023 to 19 March 2024. Age Pension rates (March 2024 to September 2024) Age Pension rates increase on 20 March 2024. This article also explains how the Age Pension works, and includes the latest Age Pension rates for residents, non-residents, and the transitional Age Pension. Super fund performance: Monthly returns to January 2024 Super funds continued their winning streak in January, with the median Growth fund up 1% over the month. Super news for February 2024 Calls for simpler retirement solutions, better SMSF record keeping, and improved super fund compliance and transparency; and more SMSF auditors disqualified. Pension fund performance to December 2023 A strong finish for shares and bonds provided stellar returns for pension fund members in 2023, more than wiping out the previous year’s losses. How to get ready for retirement if you own a business It can be easy to put off retirement planning when you are caught up in the demands of running your own business, but it pays to plan ahead if you want to make the most of all your hard work. Retiring soon? Here are 5 questions you need to answer first There’s a lot to think about in the run-up to retirement, from where your income will come from to where you’ll live, but answering these questions should help you prepare. Super news for January 2024 Scam-related complaints at record levels, SMSF penalties for non-compliance set to rise again, Super Consumers Australia gets government funding, Northern Trust Asset Management fined for misleading investors, Loose diamonds not collectable assets, Draft legislation released for climate reporting. Super fund performance over 31 calendar years (to December 2023) Super funds surmounted a wall of worries in 2023 to post a return of almost 10%, thanks to buoyant global share markets. How super works What super contributions are best for me? Superannuation Guarantee contributions rate and rules Making superannuation contributions: Super for beginners guide Your tax guide to accessing your super under age 60 Superannuation rule changes from July 2023 (and previous years) How superannuation is taxed: Super for beginners guide Your tax guide to accessing your super over age 60 In your 50s? The super rules that apply to you How superannuation works: Super for beginners guide Super rules Contributing to super Accessing super Super and tax Super tips and strategies “The go-to resource for all superannuation and retirement information.” Becky Soans “An excellent source to use for retirement planning.” Rick McClusky “High quality, in-depth analysis and guidance on superannuation strategies.” David Moroney Super funds Super fund performance: Monthly returns to January 2024 Best performing pension funds: Balanced category (41–60%) Super fund performance over 31 calendar years (to December 2023) Insurance inside super: A definitive guide Super and pension fund performance: Where does your fund rank? Super funds of the year awards: Best super funds for 2024 10 points to check on your annual super fund statement Super fund fees and charges you need to know about How to read a super fund PDS Best performing super funds Best performing pension funds Super investing strategies Are you with a top performing super fund?Compare more than 50 Australian super funds for free, including multi-year returns and feesCompare super funds What makes SuperGuide different For the last 15 years we’ve been uniquely placed to help Australians make the most of their superannuation and achieve their retirement goals We’re independent We’re not funded by a financial organisation or the government, so have no hidden agenda. You can trust our unbiased guides to help you maximise your retirement savings. We’re experts Our team of superannuation and finance experts share insights and simple steps you can make to take control of your super and achieve your retirement goals. We’re comprehensive With an exhaustive library of over 500 fact-checked resources and articles, SuperGuide has everything you need to navigate the complexities of superannuation and retirement. SMSFs Your 2024 SMSF calendar SMSF investment: 20 most popular Australian shares SMSFs: What advice can your accountant provide? Writing your SMSF investment strategy (including templates) SMSF compliance: What are trustees’ responsibilities? SMSFs: How to start a pension SMSF reporting and record-keeping requirements SMSF annual admin checklist Which asset classes are popular with SMSFs? SMSF for beginners SMSF investing SMSF pensions SMSF strategies SMSF checklists Retirement planning Why it can pay to put as much as possible into super What is the cost of living in retirement in Australia? Retiring soon? Here are 5 questions you need to answer first How to plan for your retirement What age should I retire? Financial advice through super funds: What’s on offer? How much super do I need to retire? How a transition-to-retirement pension works What to consider if you plan to retire this year and start a super pension Getting started Retirement planning strategies Case studies Retirement calculators Preparing for retirement Make your retirement goals a reality Join SuperGuide, Australia’s most trusted guide to superannuation and retirement planning Independent expert guidance Super and pension fund rankings Up-to-date coverage Calculators and other tools Ad-free articles Monthly newsletters and webinars Learn more In retirement Age Pension calculator (March 2024 update) Am I eligible for the Age Pension? Age Pension rates (March 2024 to September 2024) Have you got an exit plan? The importance of estate planning Reverse mortgages: What are they and how do they work? What concession cards are available for seniors and pensioners? Commonwealth Seniors Health Card: Eligibility and how to apply How does your super affect the Age Pension? Starting a pension from your super Income from super Age Pension Work and other income Seniors concessions Estate planning Popular features Calculators & reckoners Video How-to guides Strategies Webinars Q&As Age Pension calculator (March 2024 update) Deeming rates (and calculator) for the Age Pension income test How to take advantage of the increased Transfer Balance Cap (including calculator) Minimum pension drawdown rates and calculator Income tax calculator (2023-24 and 2022-23) Super to income reckoner How to choose a pension fund How to use the Moneysmart Retirement Planner SMSF pensions: Planning your pension properly What is a Longevity Plan, and how do they work? How can you plan your income needs in retirement? Financial advisers give tips on preparing for retirement How to make your super more socially aware How to boost your spouse’s balance and make the most of super caps How do tax-deductible superannuation contributions work? How myGov can help you keep track of your super How to read a super fund PDS How to compare super funds in 7 easy steps Why it can pay to put as much as possible into super Transition-to-retirement strategies Saving for retirement outside super The sprint finish: How to boost your super before retirement How much super do I need if I don’t own a home? Women and super part 2: Strategies to boost your super in the lead up to retirement SuperGuide members Q&A: March 2024 Death benefit nominations Super strategies for your SMSF SuperGuide members Q&A: December 2023 Navigating the aged care system Transition-to-retirement pensions: Strategies and benefits Q&A: What to consider with unused concessional contribution tax claims? Q&A: Can I do contribution splitting if I live overseas? Q&A: What are the pros and cons of starting an account-based pension vs investing outside super? Q&A: I have over $3m in super so should I now consider a recontribution strategy? Q&A: What are the pros and cons of entering pension phase with accumulated losses for capital gains? Q&A: Can I benefit from the increased transfer balance cap if I’ve already started a pension? Footer SuperGuide is Australia’s leading superannuation and retirement planning website. Superguide Pty Ltd ATF Superguide Unit Trust as a Corporate Authorised Representative (CAR) is a Corporate Authorised Representative of Independent Financial Advisers Australia, AFSL 464629. Company About us Advertise Careers Contact us Copyright Policy Editorial Policy and Complaints Partners Sitemap SuperGuide membership JOIN NOW Free SuperGuide newsletter New to SuperGuide? Pricing Subscriber reviews Support 4.7Based on 70 reviews Address Level 23, 520 Oxford St, Bondi Junction, NSW 2022 Phone 1800 955 753 Disclaimer All information on SuperGuide is general in nature only and does not take into account your personal objectives, financial situation or needs. You should consider whether any information on SuperGuide is appropriate to you before acting on it. If SuperGuide refers to a financial product you should obtain the relevant product disclosure statement (PDS) or seek personal financial advice before making any investment decisions. Full SuperGuide disclaimer Terms and Conditions of Use Financial Services Guide Privacy Policy and Privacy Collection © 2008–2024 SuperGuide Username or E-mail Password Forgot Password Remember me the next time I login Log In Not a member?Learn more about becoming a SuperGuide member