Home - Transparency.org Skip to main content You are using an outdated browser. Most of this website should still work, but after upgrading your browser it will look and perform better. About What we do Countries Campaigns Donate News Blog Press Library Featured HOW DOES YOUR COUNTRY MEASURE UP ON THE CORRUPTION PERCEPTIONS INDEX 2023? 180 countries. 180 scores. Explore the results We have one vision, a world free of corruption Our global movement works in over 100 countries to end the injustice of corruption by promoting transparency, accountability and integrity. What is corruption? We define corruption as the abuse of entrusted power for private gain. Research To end corruption we must first understand it. That’s why we look at what causes corruption and what works against it. Advocacy To end corruption, we advocate for power to be held accountable. Everywhere. Latest news & analyses CPI 2023: Highlights and insights News • 30 January 2024 While some countries have improved their corruption levels, most are stagnating or declining as leaders fail to act. CPI 2023: Trouble at the top News • 30 January 2024 Top-scoring countries on the CPI have long fuelled transnational corruption. It's time they embrace change. CPI 2023 for Middle East & North Africa: Dysfunctional approach to fighting corruption undermines progress News • 30 January 2024 Loss of momentum in anti-corruption efforts is diminishing public trust, while a largely reactive approach to fighting corruption is impairing good governance. CPI 2023 for Sub-Saharan Africa: Impunity for corrupt officials, restricted civic space & limited access to justice News • 30 January 2024 Progress in a few countries is not reflected throughout the largely stagnant region, while governments fail to act. Transparency International urges Kyrgyzstan’s decision makers to withdraw law on “foreign representatives” Press • 21 February 2024 Transparency International mourns the death of Alexey Navalny and calls for an immediate and independent investigation Press • 16 February 2024 Transparency International deeply concerned over Brazilian Supreme Court's investigation order Press • 06 February 2024 Transparency International concerned over threats to civic space in Honduras Press • 01 February 2024 What we have done so far 250,000+ People helped to report corruption worldwide through our Advocacy and Legal Advice Centres (ALACs). 140 Countries signed the United Nations Convention Against Corruption (UNCAC) that we helped establish. 8,000+ Companies worldwide committed to stop corruption as a result of our corporate sustainability initiative. 150+ World leaders listened to our call and included corruption in Sustainable Development Goal 16. See our full impact Subscribe to our weekly newsletter First name * Last name * Email address * View our Privacy Policy. Your registration is almost complete. Please go to your inbox and confirm your email address in the email we just sent to you Share our vision Stay informed Subscribe to our weekly newsletter to get the latest news and updates from Transparency International First name * Last name * Email address * View our Privacy Policy. Your registration is almost complete. Please go to your inbox and confirm your email address in the email we just sent to you Engage We're active in over 100 countries. Here's how to contact one of our national chapters Select a country Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Belarus Belgium Benin Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Chile Colombia Costa Rica Czech Republic Côte d’Ivoire Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Estonia Fiji Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Guyana Honduras Hungary Iceland Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Latvia Lebanon Liberia Lithuania Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Niger Nigeria North Macedonia Norway Pakistan Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Peru Portugal Republic of the Congo Romania Russia Rwanda Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom United States Vanuatu Venezuela Zambia Zimbabwe Donate Your support will help us tackle corruption and the corrupt. Take action and donate now to help us end corruption Donate now Join the conversation on social media About What is corruption? The organisation Our story Our impact National Chapters Who We Are What we do Corruption Perceptions Index Global Corruption Barometer Our priorities Advocacy Projects Advocacy and legal advice centres Anti-Corruption Helpdesk Knowledge Hub International Anti-Corruption Conference Updates News Blog Press Library Corruption By country End corruption Corruptionary A-Z Report corruption More Career & tender opportunities Contact How we operate How we're funded How we're accountable Our people Except where otherwise noted, this work is licensed under CC BY-ND 4.0 © Transparency International 2024. Some rights reserved. Bot technology provider: ChatBot Privacy Donor Privacy Cookie Notice Terms Impressum Copyright enquiries