The Mob Museum in Downtown Las Vegas Skip to content The Courtroom is open from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. today. The Mob Museum: 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. The Underground: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. + The Mob Museum The Underground Sunday Sun. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to midnight Monday Mon. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Tuesday Tues. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Wednesday Wed. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday Thurs. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to midnight Friday Fri. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to midnight Saturday Sat. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 11 a.m. to midnight Close *Hours are subject to change. Click here for early closures. Visit DOWNLOAD MOBILE APP FOR ENHANCED VISIT Plan Your Visit Buy Tickets Ticketed Experiences Museum Hours Group Visits Getting Here Museum Directory Accessibility Mobile App Audio Tours Frequently Asked Questions The Underground Speakeasy & Distillery Explore BROWSE EXHIBITS The Building Blog Exhibits Videos Artifacts Notable Names Nickname Generator Community Resources Education and Senior Outreach St. Valentine’s Day Massacre Prohibition History The Family Secrets Raffle Events BOOK YOUR PRIVATE EVENT Upcoming Programs Past Programs Book a Private Event Book a Wedding Support Us JOIN THE FAMILY Donate Become a Member Partner Volunteer Community Giving Shop BECOME A MEMBER DONATE BUY TICKETS DONATE SEARCH Popular Searches The Underground Events Hours and Early Closures THE MOB MUSEUM NATIONAL MUSEUM OF ORGANIZED CRIME & LAW ENFORCEMENT The Museum is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization with a mission to advance the public understanding of organized crime’s history and impact on American society. The Museum offers a provocative, contemporary look at these topics through hundreds of artifacts and immersive exhibits. Plan Your Visit + Book your tickets, get hours and directions and check out our interactive experiences and audio tour. Make a Donation + Your donation helps The Mob Museum to further its mission, deepen its reach within the community, and ensure its future. Upcoming Events + View our upcoming schedule of dynamic programs including panel discussions, special series and so much more. RECENT BLOGS Dead men walking: Murder Inc. trio electrocuted at Sing Sing prison eighty years ago Eighty years ago, Sing Sing’s electric chair, “Old Sparky,” delivered its sinister, life-ending jolts in… Netflix crime drama ‘Griselda’ highlights story of ‘Godmother of Cocaine’ The Netflix limited series Griselda, inspired by the true story of the Colombian “Godmother of… The Top 5 Mob myths: Hollywood’s creative license drives misinformation From The Godfather to Griselda, the Mob is firmly embedded in pop culture, which comes… The 1863 draft riots and the birth of the New York City Police On July 13, 1863, during the Civil War, New York City burst into flames when… Artifact Spotlight: Frank Calabrese Sr.’s handmade dictionary “PRISON: IS WARE I AM AT,” reads an entry in the handmade dictionary of Frank… Classic Mob drama ‘The Sopranos’ first aired 25 years ago When the groundbreaking HBO series The Sopranos debuted in 1999, it was an instant hit… Buy Tickets + Purchase your admission tickets and interactive experiences. The Underground Speakeasy and Distillery + Surrounded by artifacts from the 1920s, experience the Prohibition era through our speakeasy and distillery. Careers + The Mob Museum is proud to offer a work environment founded on respect, inclusivity, kindness and good humor. The Museum is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization with a mission to advance the public understanding of organized crime's history and impact on American society. Donate Contact Us Location 300 Stewart Avenue Las Vegas, NV 89101 Steps From Fremont Street 702.229.2734 | info@themobmuseum.org View Parking Hours The Mob Museum Daily: 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. The Underground speakeasy and distillery: Monday–Wednesday: 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday–Sunday: 11 a.m. to midnight View Early Closures The MuseumMission Statement About Executive Team Board of Directors Advisory Council Careers Support UsBecome a Member Become a Donor Donate Artifacts Partnership Volunteer Museum Donors Book an EventWeddings Private Events Underground Events Group Tickets Group Activities ResourcesAwards and Accolades Frequently Asked Questions Education and Senior Outreach Community Services Press Kit Media/Filming Requests Follow Us Free Mobile App © 2024 The Mob Museum. Site Map Privacy & Security Back To Top