Celebrity News | Entertainment News | Hollywood Gossip | TMZ Skip to main content Facebook X Youtube Instagram Got A Tip? Email Or Call (888) 847-9869 TMZ.com Home TMZ Search Search Search Turn on browser notifications Turn on browser notifications You have notifications blocked. Unblock. You have notifications blocked news Sports Hip Hop Watch Photos Tours Shop Got a tip? news Sports Hip Hop Watch Photos Tours Shop En Español shows TMZ TMZ Live TMZ Sports download the app App Store Google Play contact careers Privacy Policy (New) Terms of Use (New) ad choices Your Privacy Choices Articles Galleries Videos © 2024 EHM productions, inc. all rights reserved. ✕ Give Us a Call Shoot Us an Email Send Us a Text Celebrate Eva Mendes' Big 5-0 With Her Most Stunning Snaps ... 50 And Fabulous! Stars Rockin' The Vote ... See Which Famous People Hit The Polls! Kate Middleton Seen in Public for First Time Since Mystery Hospitalization Avani Gregg Is A Total Beach Babe On Her Bora Bora Baecation! Nick Swardson Escorted Offstage at Comedy Show After Bickering with Crowd Bianca Censori Family Pics Show Total Harmony ... Before Feud with Ye!!! Exclusive 30 shares 3/5/2024 1:00 AM PT Gallery Launch Gallery Selfie Squad Launch Gallery Gallery TMZ.com Bianca Censori has plenty of family drama now -- thanks to risque outfits and her husband -- but she and her kin were all smiles not so long ago during a family trip to Japan. In the new photos, obtained by TMZ, Bianca beams as she poses for a series of selfies with her family -- including parents Leo and Alexandra, as well as sister Angelina ... a first for Kanye West's wife since catapulting to A-list fame. The family came together for this June 2023 outing at teamLab Planets, an immersive art museum in Tokyo. The trip abroad was reportedly the first time Kanye met his new in-laws -- more than 6 months after his nuptials to Bianca. TMZ.com Clearly, these were happier times for Censori family members, who've since clashed with Ye over Bianca's racy outfits abroad. Just last week, it was reported that Bianca's dad wants to confront the "Gold Digger" rapper for parading Bianca around the world in barely-there clothing. Gallery Launch Gallery french derriere Launch Gallery Gallery Bestimage/Backgrid It all came to a head last week in Paris, where Bianca made the nearly-naked look her signature style, rocking her most revealing 'fits since marrying Kanye in December 2022. Of course, she's now routinely donning tights as pants, forgoing traditional tops for sheer shirts and wearing countless nude-colored bodysuits. TMZ.com As you can see in the family pics, the Censori clan was already getting a taste of Bianca's new style last summer. During the group trip. a platinum blonde Mrs. West wore body-hugging capri pants and a backless tan top that was struggling to fully cover her boobs. Even back then, the contrast with her family's more traditional tourist attire was blatant. Gallery Launch Gallery Sheer Thing Launch Gallery Gallery Best Image/Splash/Backgrid The Censori clan were certainly fans of Ye last year -- Angelina even once called Bianca's marriage to the Grammy winner "very exciting." It might take a similar family gathering -- and whole lot more material on Bianca -- to smooth things over between Ye and his in-laws. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Kanye West's Wife Bianca Tries Sexy Librarian Look After Racy Paris Outings Kanye's Wife Bianca Wears Wildly Revealing Outfit at Milan Fashion Show Kanye West Bianca Censori Family Hip Hop Relationships Couples Exclusive Music Vacations 'Mob Wives' Renee Graziano Describes Near-Fatal Fentanyl OD Had to Learn to Walk Again Exclusive 7 shares 3/5/2024 12:45 AM PT Play video content "I DIED IN A RESTAURANT" Dumb Blond Podcast Renee Graziano says she nearly lost her life when she overdosed last year on a bad batch of drugs -- which she calls her come-to-Jesus moment ... and which finally got her clean. The 'Mob Wives' star is the latest guest for Bunnie XO's "Dumb Blonde" podcast ... and in a sneak peek clip from their chat -- set to air in full on Wednesday -- you can hear Renee get into the details of an OD she suffered in 2023 ... which ultimately sent her to rehab. VH1 The story is harrowing, to say the least -- RG describes what drug it was that ended up being laced with fentanyl, unbeknownst to her ... and she says it landed her in the hospital. Take a listen for yourself ... Renee says she had no clue she was dabbling in bad drugs -- but before she knew it, she'd lost memory over the course of 3 days ... and was bedridden for a total of 9, a period in which she says her family never came to see or visit her. Play video content preview of the pod Dumb Blonde Podcast Renee goes on to say she had to learn to walk again from this horrific episode -- and it ended up being what made her realize she had to kick her drug habit ... which she has. As we reported ... Renee entered into treatment back in November -- a couple months after this overdose -- and it sounds like she's been on the straight and narrow ever since. Gallery Launch Gallery Renee Graziano Through The Years Launch Gallery Gallery Getty Good to hear she's doing well ... and it sounds like a lot more will be discussed on the pod. Can't wait to hear it! Share on Facebook Share on X related articles 'Mob Wives' Star Renee Graziano 40 Days Sober, Doing Trauma Therapy 'Mob Wives' Renee Graziano Gets Addiction Help from 'The Hills' Star Jason Wahler Renee Graziano TV Mob Wives Reality TV Drugs & Alcohol Viral Exclusive Health Cops: Drew Eubanks Suffered Bloody Gums, Loose Teeth ... In Fight W/ Isaiah Stewart Exclusive 19 shares 3/5/2024 12:30 AM PT Getty Sounds like Isaiah Stewart's got a mean right hand ... at least according to Drew Eubanks, who told cops his Valentine's Day fight with the Detroit player left him with bloody gums and loose teeth. According to a Phoenix Police Department incident report, obtained by TMZ Sports, Eubanks made the complaint roughly five hours after he and Stewart were involved in an altercation at the Footprint Center just prior to the Pistons vs. Suns Feb. 14 matchup. Eubanks, cops wrote in the report, said Stewart confronted him while he was entering the arena due to interactions the two had previously had while playing in a game three months prior. Getty "He got off the bus and he started, um, just talking s***," Eubanks told cops. "He said something along the lines of, 'You wanna run it back? We're right here. We can do it right now.'" Getty Composite Pistons' Isaiah Stewart Arrested For Allegedly Punching Suns' Drew Eubanks Cops say Eubanks told them he tried to walk away from the situation, but Stewart kept advancing toward him ... until they were face-to-face inside of a tunnel in the arena. Eubanks told cops, according to the report, Isaiah then said, "We can do this s*** right now" ... before he threw "a sucker punch." Eubanks stated the blow landed in the center of his mouth, causing his gums to bleed. He added, the report states, "My teeth definitely are like looser and they hurt." When pressed more about why he believed Stewart was so upset, Eubanks stated nothing out of the ordinary happened between the two in their previous matchup. Getty "Just basketball stuff," the Phoenix center said. "It was, you know, lowering your shoulder. Trying to hit, hit somebody for a box out. Being physical. Talking on the court. That's all it was." At the time, Eubanks told cops he wished to prosecute ... and Stewart was issued a citation. However, the report states that on Feb. 17 -- three days after the encounter -- Eubanks called cops and said he no longer wished to press charges. On Feb. 19, cops say Eubanks told them "he had been thinking about the incident for a couple days and at the time, he was upset, but had time to think about it." Play video content I'D LIKE TO APOLOGIZE X / @KoryEWoods Stewart was still suspended by the NBA for three games. After serving the ban, he apologized to his team during a meeting with media members. Eubanks, meanwhile, has played between six and 25 minutes per game since the fight. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Pistons Coach Monty Williams Goes Off On Referees After Loss To Knicks! Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson Fight Back Tears During Dejan Milojević Tribute Fights TMZ Sports Basketball Nurse! NBA Crime Exclusive Fairly Legal Health TMZ TV Recap T-Swift's Southeast Asia Conflict ... Kate Middleton Resurfaces, Ryan Garcia 20 shares 3/5/2024 12:10 AM PT We're starting the week strong here at TMZ, and that always kicks with fire TV segments! TMZ Live Play video content THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS TMZ.com Let's begin on "TMZ Live," where Charles and Babcock talked about a brewing international incident out in Southeast Asia -- where Taylor Swift is currently performing in Singapore for a string of 6 shows ... to the chagrin of neighboring countries, who are pissed about her deal. Short story long ... the Philippines and Thailand seem to think they got screwed out of her being able to visit their nations due to the reported lucrative contract Singapore struck. TMZ on TV Play video content BACK IN THE PUBLIC EYE TMZ.com Next up, we got 'TMZ on TV' ... where the gang talked about Kate Middleton surfacing this week in the U.K., marking the first time we've seen her out publicly since at least December. There's been a lot of conspiracy theories on her whereabouts, and it appears the Royals finally realized ... yeah, we gotta show her face a little to tamper down all the madness. TMZ Sports Play video content STRANGE SOCIAL BEHAVIOR TMZSports.com Last but not least, we're on 'TMZ Sports' ... where the guys talk Ryan Garcia's recent drama. Check your local listings for when TMZ is on in your area or catch up on past episodes! TMZ TV Full EpisodesTMZ Live Full EpisodesTMZ Sports Full Episodes Share on Facebook Share on X related articles TMZ TV Recap: The Rock's Catchphrases, Lil Wayne Lakers, Billy McFarland TMZ TV Recap: Hailey Bieber's Sister's Arrest, Bianca's Dad, Cam Newton Taylor Swift Ryan Garcia Kate Middleton TV TMZ Sports Guess Who This Dressy Up Kid Turned Into! 56 shares 3/5/2024 12:01 AM PT Gallery Launch Gallery Guess Who! Launch Gallery Gallery Before this cute kid in her fancy dress turned into a popular singer and performer, she was just putting her vocals on full display as a child and playing the piano while growing up in Houston, Texas alongside her famous bestie. This talented gal has had motivation since day one, and she really popped off in the late 90s - early 2000s with her all-girl group. She's definitely dropped some bangers through the years and was iconically brought on stage to slay some Single Ladies during the Super Bowl halftime show. She's a survivor! Can you guess who she is? Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Guess Who These Twin Sisters Turned Into! Olivia In 'She's The Man' 'Memba Her?! Kids celebrity kids Super Bowl Photo Galleries Madeline Soto Case Sheriff Posts Possible Crime Scene Photo On IG ... Apologizes, Cites Accident 94 shares 3/4/2024 6:19 PM PT The sheriff for the area where 13-year-old Madeline Soto disappeared and died is under fire for seemingly posting a photo from the crime scene, and now the department is apologizing. This debacle is playing out down in Osceola County, Florida -- where Madeline's body was discovered Friday by officials there in a wooded area after she went missing from her home in neighboring Orange County last week. GoFundMe On Saturday -- a day after Madeline was found deceased -- a photo of human remains was reportedly posted to the official Instagram account for Osceola County Sheriff Marcos Lopez. The photo, believed to be a confidential image from the crime scene and since deleted, is said to show a body matching Madeline's description lying dead on the ground. Now, the Osceola County Sheriff's Office is telling local news outlets the photo was accidentally included in a post about a community event for seniors. They add ... "We deeply apologize for any confusion or disturbance this may have caused." The Sheriff's office is neither confirming nor denying the photo depicted Madeline's body. Somehow, this all gets worse for the Osceola County Sheriff's Office ... because the same morning the alleged Soto photo was posted on IG, another member of the sheriff's office shared a selfie with Stephan Sterns, the boyfriend of Madeline's mother ... and the prime suspect in her disappearance and death, who has since been taken into custody. Nirva Rodriguez, the OCSD executive director, shared the image on her personal Facebook page ... showing Sterns being led out of a building in handcuffs. She reportedly captured her post ... "If God’s love has been poured out over your life, don’t allow evil to keep you away from what He has prepared for you." Unclear what her intent behind the post/message was. In any case ... the selfie was reportedly snapped after Sterns was booked on charges of child pornography and sexually battering a child. MAJOR DEVELOPMENT in the case of missing 13-year-old Madeline Soto: This evening, the Kissimmee Police Department, working in conjunction with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, arrested Stephan Sterns, 37, for sexual battery and possession of child sexual abuse material.… pic.twitter.com/yZn8O8JpYM— Orange County Sheriff's Office (@OrangeCoSheriff) February 29, 2024 @OrangeCoSheriff Law enforcement has not specifically tied those charges to Madeline's case just yet ... nor have they officially charged him in her disappearance or death. He has yet to enter a plea. Rodriguez's FB post with Sterns has also been deleted, FWIW ... and it's worth noting she oversees multiple divisions with OCSD, including media, outreach and community services. While multiple law enforcement agencies were involved in locating Madeline and bringing Sterns into custody -- the Kissimmee Police Department is now the one in charge of investigating the teen's death and disappearance ... and Florida law broadly prohibits the release of photos depicting the killing of a minor without permission from surviving family. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Gabby Petito's Family Settles Emotional Distress Lawsuit With Laundries Sam Haskell Jr. Pleads Not Guilty in Triple Murder Torso Case Arrests Crime Instagram Viral Controversial S#!T Fairly Legal Kate Middleton Spotted in Public for First Time ... Since Hospitalization Breaking News 1K shares 3/4/2024 10:23 AM PT Backgrid Kate Middleton has surfaced for the first time since her hospitalization earlier this year that sidelined her for a good while -- and she's maintaining a low profile ... or trying to anyway. The Princess of Wales was seen riding passenger Monday in a vehicle that was being driven by her mother, Carole, near Windsor Castle in the UK ... and like we said, this sighting is a big deal considering we haven't seen her whatsoever since December. Backgrid Kate was wearing shades, and appeared to be rocking somewhat of a smile here -- there didn't appear to be any other relatives with them for this outing ... and ditto for security. It's interesting that she's popping up like this right now ... frankly, the internet has been rife with speculation these past couple weeks over her whereabouts -- and there's been a lot of jokes made at her expense. Backgrid Point is though ... people have been wondering where the heck she was and how she was doing -- especially since the condition she's been dealing with has been kept under tight wraps ... with Royal officials only saying she underwent abdominal surgery and nothing else. Buckingham Palace only said at the time that she would remain hospitalized for about 2 weeks -- and after that, she wouldn't be able to resume her duties until about Easter time. Getty They also reassured the public that she was making progress in her recovery -- something they reiterated last week when they finally responded to all the viral conjecture going on. Play video content BACK IN THE PUBLIC EYE TMZ.com We know Prince William has been coming to her side throughout all this -- he was seen going to the hospital while she was in there ... but since then, he's continued on with his work solo. Gallery Launch Gallery Kate Middleton Through the Years Launch Gallery Gallery Getty Her father-in-law, King Charles, has also been dealing with health issues -- due to his recent cancer diagnosis -- but he's been able to carry on just fine ... already being seen out and about. Good to see Kate here ... now we all know, she's alive and well! Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Prince Harry's Cagey Answers Reflecting on King Charles' Cancer Diagnosis Prince William, Kate Middleton and Kids Arrive at Coronation Rehearsal Kate Middleton Royal Family Health 'INSECURE' STAR AMANDA SEALES BIDEN STILL 'EVIL' ON GAZA CONFLICT Exclusive 83 shares 3/4/2024 5:09 PM PT Play video content We Want A Ceasefire! TMZ.com Amanda Seales ain't holding back when it comes to sharing her thoughts on President Biden's approach to the Israeli conflict in Gaza, and she firmly believes it could cost him the election. We got the "Insecure" actress Monday at LAX, and she says the Biden administration needs to tune in to what the majority of Americans are demanding -- pushing for a permanent ceasefire and ensuring Palestinians aren't living under constant threat of violence and death anymore. Getty Amanda adds that she's lost confidence in Biden due to what she sees as a lack of action on his part -- and, at this point, she thinks a lot of people might only vote for him because they're settling for the lesser of 2 evils. Not exactly a proud position for the Prez to be in, according to AS. Play video content 3/3/24 CALLING FOR CEASEFIRE X / @KamalaHarris Now, mind you, VP Kamala Harris did make a very direct call on Sunday for Israel and Hamas to reach an "immediate ceasefire," and for Israel to increase the flow of aid to Gaza. Still, Amanda's not pulling any punches with the administration on this issue. She's labeling the whole situation demoralizing and inhumane, and calling for some real action and empathy from the top. Gallery Launch Gallery Destruction In Gaza Launch Gallery Gallery Getty And, if Biden's really looking to secure re-election ... she says there a few other things that need to change. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles 'Euphoria' Star Hunter Schafer Arrested for Protesting Israel-Hamas War Israel Protester Dies After Setting Himself On Fire Outside Embassy Joe Biden Israel-Palestine Politix Exclusive J Balvin on Cybertruck Crash It's Kinda Hard To Gauge the Speed ... Do Something, Elon!!! Exclusive 52 shares 3/4/2024 5:18 PM PT Play video content Cybertruck tour TMZ.com J Balvin says there's one flaw with the Cybertruck -- the engine's so dang quiet, it's hard to tell how fast you're going from behind the wheel ... but he's got a solution for Elon Musk. We got the Colombian singer at Record Plant Recording Studios in Los Angeles Monday ... and he rolled up in none other than one of these futuristic EVs. Of course, our photog asked him about the Tesla truck that crashed into the Beverly Hills Hotel over the weekend. Play video content CYBER-WRECK Instagram / @jayluchs Check it out ... Balvin shared his thoughts on the incident with us -- pointing out there's no way of knowing how fast the Cybertruck is going based on sound alone ... 'cause it's apparently pretty silent when in use. Remember, Elon himself says the Cybertruck is faster than a Porsche 911 ... and he thinks the driver in the BHH crash "wasn't expecting so much acceleration." Cyberbeast is faster than a Porsche 911, but looks like a truck, so perhaps the valet wasn’t expecting so much acceleration— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 4, 2024 @elonmusk Difference being ... a Porsche 911 engine will roar to life at high speeds, and Balvin seems to think the Cybertruck needs an audible indicator like that to help out folks behind the wheel. J Balvin says it would be nice to have a feature where there's some noise or sound once the Cybertruck reaches a certain speed to alert the driver they're going fast -- and he's got a unique way of putting it too in terms of relaying that message. TMZ.com Other than that, Balvin sounds pretty pleased with his new set of wheels, which he says is literally his new favorite toy. Get this ... JB even gave our photog a quick tour inside the car ... and we gotta say, the back seat view is pretty sweet! Gallery Launch Gallery Inside Tesla's Cybertruck Launch Gallery Gallery Check out the video ... Balvin's Cybertruck has a massive sunroof, and there's lots of cool tech inside. It's just like any other Tesla you've seen ... only slicker with more features. Indeed, it looks pretty roomy from what we can see ... and he says the seats are super comfortable -- with a bumpin' sound system too. Cybertrucks are slowly becoming more common on the streets, at least in L.A., but it sounds like there's still a few kinks for Elon and co. to work out. Gallery Launch Gallery Celebs With Teslas Launch Gallery Gallery Getty Knowing Musk, he'll get things straightened out ... if that's indeed the issue here. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles J Balvin Says He's Proud of Britney Spears For Releasing New Memoir J Balvin Throws Surprise Party For Girlfriend Valentina Ferrer's 30th Birthday j balvin Elon Musk Car Crashes Exclusive Music Usher Bali Vacation With Russell Simmons ... Let's Do Yoga!!! 210 shares 3/4/2024 3:53 PM PT Getty Composite Usher made a pit stop on his Bali vacation, visiting one of the island's most famous residents ... Russell Simmons. The singer carved some time out from his own getaway with his wife, Jennifer Goicoechea, to meet up with the hip hop mogul for some yoga, meditation and inner peace ... and it sounds like Usher's visit is lifting Russell's spirits. Play video content BALLIN' IN BALI The Def Jam co-founder shared video Sunday of him leading a yoga class, with Usher occupying one of the mats on the first row ... and it looks like they got in a great stretch, working up a sweat. Russell had nothing but good things to say about Usher's presence, saying his old pal exuded an amazing "generosity of spirit" and overall great energy. Russell also posted a bunch of smiling photos with Usher during their time together, who appears to have been in the area on a getaway of his own ... this following their recent Las Vegas wedding. In his social media posts, Russell explains how Usher came at the perfect time, saying ... "When i was at the lowest point in my life i woke up and this man was sitting by my bed .. i had known usher since he was a kid but we really bonded because of our mutual love for self discovery and our belief in Yogic science as a direct route to realizing Gods conciousness in ourselves." Russell adds ... "People remember to remember this ..a friend walks in when others walk out ... i will never forget the generosity of spirit i witnessed in this man God bless you baby bro @usher 🙏🏽 love you !!!!" As you know, Russell's lived in Bali since 2017 and he's been slammed with multiple sexual misconduct lawsuits and allegations, which he says have caused him great suffering. Gallery Launch Gallery Bros In Bali Launch Gallery Gallery Russell has denied ever sexually assaulting anyone ... and despite those problems, they don't seem to be affecting his relationship with Usher. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Russell Simmons Praises Lyor Cohen's Fundraising, Doesn't Think Rap Is Dead Usher Says He Won 'Bidding War' with Justin Timberlake for Justin Bieber Russell Simmons Usher Hip Hop Music Vacations Sophie Turner Not Sweatin' Joe's Love Down Under Flaunts PDA in Paris W/ BF 75 shares 3/4/2024 4:25 PM PT Backgrid Joe Jonas isn't the only one heating things up abroad -- his ex, Sophie Turner, once again flaunted some PDA with her new boyfriend ... as seen in some steamy new pics. The "Game of Thrones" alum cuddled up to her British aristocrat boo, Peregrine Pearson, while wandering the streets of Paris amid Fashion Week. It's clear that Sophie and Peregrine are still going very strong ... since they couldn't stop smiling during their romantic outing. Backgrid The couple wasn't shy about putting their love on display either -- as they were photographed walking arm-in-arm ... and even shared a smooch or two on the street, something they've made a habit of since going public in October. Backgrid This latest display of affection notably comes amid Joe's blossoming relationship of his own, which is also full-steam ahead. ICYMI ... the JoBro singer proved he, too, has 100% moved on from Sophie by rebounding with beauty queen-turned-actress Stormi Bree. Gallery Launch Gallery Taking a Paddling Launch Gallery Gallery Backgrid / Splash News SB even joined JJ down in Australia amid the JoBros' international tour. Stormi was recently with Joe for a yacht outing at the Sydney Harbor -- and participated in some swimming, paddleboarding and day drinking with her boyfriend. It's clear they're official, just like ST and PP are -- and they're obviously enjoying spending time together ... having previously linked in Los Cabos and Aspen the last several weeks. Gallery Launch Gallery JOe & Sophie Happier Times Launch Gallery Gallery Remember -- Joe and Sophie currently have a custody agreement in place for their kids, Willa and Delphine, amid their pending divorce ... so it's unclear if they're in Paris with mom or down under with dad. Mega In any case, it appears that everyone involved is having a nice March. C'est la vie, right? Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Sophie Turner's Fans Rally To Her Defense After Mom-Shaming Comments Sophie Turner Ready to Drop 'Child Abduction' Claim Against Joe Jonas Sophie Turner Joe Jonas Relationships PDA Couples Hollywood Exes Celebrity Divorce Game of Thrones Jamie Lynn Spears No Mention of Xtina in Vegas Recap ... Appeasing Sister Britney??? 103 shares 3/4/2024 3:31 PM PT Getty Composite Jamie Lynn Spears may have realized she'd be pissing off her sister, Britney Spears, by showing off her Christina Aguilera residency drop-in ... so, she made sure not to in a recap. Brit's famous younger sibling shared a series of sweet memories from her Sin City getaway over the weekend -- where she was enjoying a bachelorette party with a solid group of ladies. Lots of highlights in her IG post ... but interestingly, none capturing Xtina onstage. Take a look at some of Jamie Lynn's standout snaps from the getaway -- she made sure to point out they hit up a 'Magic Mike Live' show .. and just hitting the town in general. Yet, Brit's kid sis noticeably didn't post a single pic/vid from Christina's performance at the Voltaire at the Venetian in Vegas. In fact ... Jamie Lynn said her friend -- who is set to get married soon -- and the male stripper show were the only things worth leaving her kids for. Play video content JAMIE LYNN IN LAS VEGAS Of course ... there are a lot of complicated dynamics at play here -- which could have a role in Jamie Lynn's social media choices. BS and CA may go all the way back to the Mickey Mouse Club -- but fans have pitted the pop princesses against each other for decades. Getty It's not just fans though ... Britney and Christina have had rumored beef as well, for realsies. Whether any of that animosity has carried over into the 2020s is anyone's guess -- but it would appear Jamie Lynn was mindful of their history in going through her Vegas vacay. On its face, you could argue JLS was just trying to keep the peace and not ruffle feathers. Gallery Launch Gallery Britney and Jamie Lynn Together Launch Gallery Gallery Getty In any case, here's hoping she had a good time ... sure looked like she did from our POV. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Britney Spears Shares Throwback Pic of Jamie Lynn, Crops Out Mom Lynne Britney Spears Feels Strange Being Single After Failed Marriage to Sam Asghari Britney Spears Christina Aguilera Jamie Lynn Spears Hot Vegas Relationships Instagram Music Fights & Feuds 'Teen Mom' Jenelle Evans Files For Separation From David Eason Breaking News 4.2K shares 3/4/2024 2:53 PM PT Getty / Instagram Jenelle Evans has filed to separate from her husband David Eason ... TMZ has confirmed. Sources with direct knowledge tell us the former 'Teen Mom' star recently submitted court docs in North Carolina signaling her intent to formally separate -- although, it doesn't like divorce is on the table just yet ... but, from the sounds of it, that's the next natural step here. Gallery Launch Gallery Jenelle And David Together Launch Gallery Gallery The court filing, as reported by The Sun, makes several allegation against David in terms of reasoning for wanting to split -- including reported claims of erratic behavior, substance abuse and refusal to work ... among other problems Jenelle cites, including other disturbing things. The Sun notes Jenelle points out DE taking out their pet dog in 2019 ... and more recently, she says he's currently facing criminal charges for allegedly abusing her teenage son, Jace. We broke the story ... Jenelle and David were suspected of child neglect after her 14-year-old son Jace ran away multiple times last summer. After the third time he'd done so, Jace apparently told cops David assaulted him. Our sources told us Jace had visible markings on his arms and neck when he was picked up, leading local police to investigate and eventually arrest David. Eason's currently facing two charges -- misdemeanor child abuse and felony assault by strangulation. Just last week ... Jenelle was detailing a recent attempted break-in at her home there in NC -- but David's name was noticeably absent from her description of the horrifying incident. Gallery Launch Gallery Jenelle Evans' Family Photos Launch Gallery Gallery Now, we know why ... The Sun reports that Jenelle is citing their separation date as Feb. 16 -- and this document was apparently filed sometime toward the end of last month, Feb. 23. Jenelle reportedly goes on to make more allegations against David -- including the claim that he hasn't checked in on her since they officially separated ... and that he's living on their boat. She cites the fact they have kids together ... and that he's allegedly gone off the radar. While these aren't divorce docs, per se, Jenelle is apparently already asking for primary physical custody of their daughter, as well as child support. David and Jenelle share 7-year-old Ensley. She also reportedly signals she wants control of the family home, and a majority of their marital assets for herself. In other words, it's shaping up to a messy uncoupling. We've reached out to Jenelle for comment ... so far no word back. Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Jenelle Evans' Husband David Eason Facing Upgraded Felony Child Abuse Charge Farrah Abraham, Not Shading Jenelle But I'm Not The One With CPS Issues David Eason Jenelle Evans Breakups Reality TV Relationships Kids Celebrity Divorce Crime Fairly Legal Teen Mom JONATHAN MAJORS HEAD OVER HEELS FOR GF MEAGAN GOOD So 'In Love' Post-Conviction 381 shares 3/4/2024 3:14 PM PT Getty Jonathan Majors is gaga for Meagan Good ... and not even his recent legal woes can put a dent in their relationship -- just check out the first words out of his mouth about her. The couple was out and about Sunday at the 7th annual AAFCA Special Achievement Awards luncheon here in L.A. ... and the ex-Marvel star's practically glowing while sharing an update on their relationship when he was asked by Extra how they're doing. Listen to JM's gushy response here -- he says, "We're in love... We're doing good, thanks for asking." Meagan chimes in too, saying, "We're doing great. God's good." Jonathan has clearly got himself a keeper in Meagan ... remember, she stood by his side during his assault trial brought on by ex-GF, Grace Jabbari -- and she continues to stick by him even now post-conviction. Getty As we reported -- the jury ended up finding him guilty of one count of reckless assault in the third degree and one count of harassment. He was acquitted on 2 other charges. Jonathan told us he was leaning on his faith in the aftermath of his conviction ... helping him stay strong in the run-up to his April sentencing. His legal team has filed to have the conviction tossed ... arguing the whole case was botched and unfair to him from day 1. Gallery Launch Gallery Jonathan Majors & Meagan Good Together Launch Gallery Gallery Getty Of course, he'd been relying on Meagan all throughout the trial -- last month, the pair got away from NYC for a bit, hitting the road together for a cross-country road trip which included a pit stop in Dallas to see Majors' mother, Terri. No doubt, Meagan's loyalty is rock solid ... and it's pretty clear she's sticking around for the long haul. Also interesting to see JM make the rounds in light of everything. Good on him? Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Marvel Was Pivoting Away from Jonathan Majors Even Before Conviction Jonathan Majors Texts to Accuser Read in Court, Threatened Suicide After London Incident Jonathan Majors Meagan Good Crime & Arrests Relationships Movies Couples Marvel Russell Wilson Cut By Broncos Breaking News 6.7K shares 3/4/2024 1:39 PM PT Getty Russell Wilson's ride in Denver has come to an end ... the Broncos just announced they're cutting their quarterback. In a statement posted to the team's X page, head coach Sean Payton and general manger George Paton said following a talk with the 35-year-old on Monday morning, they decided they were moving on. "We thank Russell for his contributions and dedication to our team and community while wishing him the best as he continues his career," the two said. Getty The release will become official once the new NFL year starts on March 13. As shocking as it is to see a nine-time Pro Bowler and one-time Super Bowl champ hit free agency ... the decision was not surprising at all. Remember, Payton had benched Wilson back in December, following two years of mediocre play. Getty Plus, Wilson's contract wasn't team friendly, to say the least. For his part, Wilson took the news in stride, saying in a lengthy statement on his own X page that he was grateful for his time in Colorado. Thank You Broncos Country 🙏🏾 - #3 pic.twitter.com/3IoVheYVyI— Russell Wilson (@DangeRussWilson) March 4, 2024 @DangeRussWilson "Over these last two years," he wrote in a message to Broncos fans, "you have welcomed my family and me with open arms and have embraced us as members of the community. This city will always hold a special place in my heart. Our family grew here, we made countless memories and friendships, and formed relationships that will last a lifetime." It's unclear where Wilson will go next. Some pundits have suspected he could end up being a backup in 2024 -- while others think he could start in places like Pittsburgh, New England or Atlanta. Getty "Tough times don't last, but tough people do," Wilson added in his statement Monday. "God's got me. I am excited for what's next." Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Russell Wilson, Seahawks Party W/ Pete Carroll After Seattle Coaching Departure Ciara, Russell Wilson Welcome Newborn Daughter, Amora Princess Russell Wilson Denver Broncos TMZ Sports Football NFL Drake Fog Won't Stop Air Drake From Landing ... View From The Cockpit!!! 286 shares 3/4/2024 1:43 PM PT Getty Composite Drake doesn't have trust issues when it comes to his pilots landing his jumbo jet in a thick fog ... because he joined them in the cockpit, filming them stick the tricky landing. The rapper shared a wild first-person POV clip Monday of his two pilots bringing Air Drake in for a textbook landing in low visibility ... and the video is pretty incredible. Play video content Low-Visibility Views Instagram / @champagnepapi Drake's behind the pilots in the cockpit as they descend for landing, with a thick fog blanketing all the windows ... in other words, they were flying blind!!! There's a robotic voice counting down the altitude, starting at 500 feet, and there's literally nothing visible outside the window until Air Drake is about 50 feet off the ground, when a runway suddenly cuts through the fog like a knife. Drake's in the video saying "cheers" as his Boeing 767 private jet touches down ... then he hypes up his two pilots once they're on the runway. Champagne Papi captioned the post ... "There's a couple landings I love on Air Drake but tbh the low visibility is the most exciting it makes your heart drop a bit…lucky I got the best putting this s*** wheels down." Gallery Launch Gallery Gotta Jet! Launch Gallery Gallery Inatagram/Backgrid Pretty cool view(s) ... and just a sneak peek of how Drizzy rolls. Apparently, he's a thrill-seeker! Share on Facebook Share on X related articles Drake Pays Tribute to Mom & Daughter Killed After His Show Drake Not Responsible for Bobbi Althoff Divorce Despite Speculation Drake Hip Hop Travel Music read more stories Search Old news is old news! Be First! Get TMZ breaking news sent right to your browser! Subscribe Maybe Later about tmz About TMZ.com Privacy Policy (New) Terms of Use (New) Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Articles Photos Videos contact tmz Contact Us Send a Hot Tip Careers Advertising Inquiries Media Inquiries subscribe Yes! Send me email updates and offers from TMZ and its Affiliates. By subscribing, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Subscribe to TMZ newsletter Subscribe follow TMZ apps Download the TMZ App on the Apple App Store Download the TMZ App on the Google Play Store © 2024 EHM productions, inc. all rights reserved.