The Pew Charitable Trusts | The Pew Charitable Trusts Skip to main content Topics Communities Arts & Culture Higher Education Philadelphia Conservation Land Conservation Ocean Conservation Finance & Economy Economic Mobility Family Finances Fiscal & Economic Policy Retirement Governing Infrastructure U.S. Policy U.S. State Policy Health Antibiotics Behavioral Health Biomedical Research Health Care Trends Global Trends Hispanics Internet & Tech Media & News Religion Social & Demographic Trends U.S. Politics View all Topics Projects Communities Courts & Communities Philadelphia Philadelphia Research and Policy Student Loans Conservation Chilean Patagonia Conservation Canada Conserving the Pantanal and Gran Chaco Energy Modernization International Fisheries Marine Fellows Ocean Governance Pew Bertarelli Ocean Legacy Preventing Ocean Plastics Protecting Australia's Nature Protecting Coastal Wetlands and Coral Reefs U.S. Conservation Finance & Economy Housing Policy Retirement Savings State Fiscal Policy Governing Broadband Access Managing Fiscal Risks Health Antibiotic Resistance Biomedical Research Mental Health and Justice Partnerships Public Health Data Improvement Substance Use Prevention and Treatment Suicide Risk Reduction View all Projects Features Features Trust Magazine Trend Magazine After The Fact Podcast Celebrating 75 Years Features Pew's Anniversary Celebrating 75 Years As we celebrate our anniversary and look ahead to our next 75 years, achieving measurable, meaningful change will continue to be at the heart of our mission. As we celebrate our anniversary and look ahead to our next 75 years, achieving measurable, meaningful change will continue to be at the heart of our mission. About About Mission & Values How We Work History Leadership Experts News Room Events Careers Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Accountability Partnerships Contact Us Pew Research Center About Trust Magazine February 2, 2024 2023: Looking Back on a Year of Milestones Pew’s work helped individuals and communities thrive by strengthening democracy, improving civic infrastructure, and conserving the natural world Pew’s work helped individuals and communities thrive by strengthening democracy, improving civic infrastructure, and conserving the natural world Get Involved Get Involved Sign Up Take Action RSS Feeds Follow Us Partner with Us Get Involved Follow Pew on Instagram Sharing charts, maps, and more to show who Americans are, how policy affects the everyday, and how we can use data to make a difference. Nonpartisan forever. Sharing charts, maps, and more to show who Americans are, how policy affects the everyday, and how we can use data to make a difference. Nonpartisan forever. Search Search Submit Search Topics Communities Arts & Culture Higher Education Philadelphia Conservation Land Conservation Ocean Conservation Finance & Economy Economic Mobility Family Finances Fiscal & Economic Policy Retirement Governing Infrastructure U.S. Policy U.S. State Policy Health Antibiotics Behavioral Health Biomedical Research Health Care Trends Global Trends Hispanics Internet & Tech Media & News Religion Social & Demographic Trends U.S. Politics View all Topics Projects Communities Courts & Communities Philadelphia Philadelphia Research and Policy Student Loans Conservation Chilean Patagonia Conservation Canada Conserving the Pantanal and Gran Chaco Energy Modernization International Fisheries Marine Fellows Ocean Governance Pew Bertarelli Ocean Legacy Preventing Ocean Plastics Protecting Australia's Nature Protecting Coastal Wetlands and Coral Reefs U.S. Conservation Finance & Economy Housing Policy Retirement Savings State Fiscal Policy Governing Broadband Access Managing Fiscal Risks Health Antibiotic Resistance Biomedical Research Mental Health and Justice Partnerships Public Health Data Improvement Substance Use Prevention and Treatment Suicide Risk Reduction View all Projects Features Features Trust Magazine Trend Magazine After The Fact Podcast Celebrating 75 Years Features About About Mission & Values How We Work History Leadership Experts News Room Events Careers Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Accountability Partnerships Contact Us Pew Research Center About Get Involved Get Involved Sign Up Take Action RSS Feeds Follow Us Partner with Us Get Involved U.S. CONSERVATION 300,000 Acres of Colorado Wild Lands Gain Protections GOOD NEWS The Rundown Pew Research Center Businesses, Churches, More: How Americans View Institutions Governing How States Allocated Pandemic Aid Finance & Economy It's Time to Fix Housing in America Health Medicaid Could Cover Addiction Treatment in Jails, Prisons Communities SAVE Plan Enrollment Will Prevent Balance Growth The Rundown by email Sign up for the best of Pew, weekly Please provide a valid email address Submit Using data to make a difference for 75 years About Pew Article February 15, 2024 Georgia Leaders Envision a More Resilient Future Article February 14, 2024 Louisiana's Offshore Wind Industry Offers Promise Article February 12, 2024 New Tools Could Help Manage the Cost of Wildfires VIEW ALL TOPICS What We Do Communities Americans' quest for "a more perfect union" starts with safe, healthy communities. Developing policies that are firmly grounded in facts and research is critical to building a vibrant civic life. Strong communities also require an understanding of our country’s history and immigration trends, participation in arts and culture, and concern for those who need a helping hand. These endeavors—all part of Pew’s mission—shape our national character, bring us together as a people, and help assure that our communities thrive. Related Topics Arts & Culture Higher Education Philadelphia Conservation One of the great challenges of our time is saving the natural environment and the rich array of life it supports on land and in the sea. The Pew Charitable Trusts’ conservation efforts—both in the U.S. and abroad—help to preserve wild places and rivers, restore biodiversity, and increase the understanding of ocean ecology. On land, we focus on conserving wildlife corridors, shorelines, and pristine landscapes, as well as advancing policies that prioritize investments in flood-ready infrastructure and national park maintenance. Pew also works to minimize the consequences of overfishing, pollution, warming waters, and loss of habitat. Our conservation goals are based on facts from science and data research. Related Topics Land Conservation Ocean Conservation Finance & Economy The financial well-being of American families requires both short-term financial stability and longer-term economic mobility. To succeed financially and prepare for the future, families need a “cushion” for financial emergencies and for retirement. Pew seeks to understand and improve the economic health of families across the income spectrum and across generations, assess the impact of policies that seek to improve how much families save, and advance reforms to help consumers get the information and protections they need to safely manage their day-to-day finances. Related Topics Economic Mobility Family Finances Fiscal & Economic Policy Retirement Governing Democracy is well-served when informed and engaged citizens are able to exercise their most important civic duties—especially voting. The American people need to know that federal, state, and local leaders spend taxpayer dollars efficiently and wisely. Pew studies the fiscal health of states and localities, analyzing their budget discipline, the effectiveness of their programs, and whether they are achieving a strong return on investment. Related Topics Infrastructure U.S. Policy U.S. State Policy Health From cutting-edge biomedical research to food safety, scientific advances offer great promise in treating and preventing disease. Through research, technical assistance, and advocacy, Pew works to improve the public’s health and well-being. We focus on making it easier for people with opioid use disorder to receive treatment, improving suicide risk assessment and care, preserving and innovating antibiotics, protecting people from unsafe health products, and increasing the use of data in public health to prevent illnesses and improve Americans’ well-being equitably. Related Topics Antibiotics Behavioral Health Biomedical Research Health Care Trends Our fast-changing world is being driven by advancing technology; shifting demographics and domestic and global public attitudes; and the rise of the millennial generation. Tracking these important changes—using data-based research—helps policy analysts, government officials, and the public identify and prepare for future challenges. Pew’s research into critical trends is rigorous, nonpartisan, and timely—using analytical tools such as public opinion polling, online surveys and empirical research. Related Topics Global Trends Hispanics Internet & Tech Media & News Religion Social & Demographic Trends U.S. Politics How We Work Investment philosophy Our goal is to make a difference for the public. That means working on a few key issues, with an emphasis on projects that can produce consequential outcomes, foster new ideas, attract partners, avoid partisanship or wishful thinking, and achieve measurable results that serve the public interest. Read More Trust Magazine To Strengthen Democracy and Create a Better World Trust Magazine The Lessons of Optimism Approach From basic research to technical assistance and advocacy, the foundation of our work is careful planning; a consistent focus on facts, science and data; strong partnerships; and a commitment to stewardship, innovation, and measurable results. Read More Podcast Strengthening Democracy in America: For the People Trust Magazine With Partners, Creating Lasting Change Lessons Learned Whether it is changing policy and practices, tracking trends, or improving life in our home town, we seek tangible results by pursuing specific, measurable goals. That means maintaining a commitment to a rigorous, analytical, and evidence-based approach. Read More Trust Magazine Meeting the Opioid Crisis–Now What? Trust Magazine Questions That Help Save Lives Get Involved Stay informed through our newsletters, join the conversation on social media, or learn about partnership opportunities—just a few ways you can help us make a difference. Read More Social Media Follow Pew on YouTube Article After the Fact: A Podcast from The Pew Charitable Trusts Get Involved Stay Informed Get regular updates on topics of interest View all newsletters After the Fact A podcast from The Pew Charitable Trusts Latest Episodes Follow Us Join the conversation on our social media pages Social Media Page ABOUT PEW Founded in 1948, The Pew Charitable Trusts uses data to make a difference. Pew addresses the challenges of a changing world by illuminating issues, creating common ground, and advancing ambitious projects that lead to tangible progress. Follow Us Explore Topics Projects News Room Pew Research Center About Mission & Values How We Work Contact Us Careers Follow Us SIGN UP FOR WEEKLY UPDATES Don't miss our latest facts, findings, and survey results in The Rundown Please provide a valid email address Submit View All Newsletters Copyright © 2024 The Pew Charitable Trusts. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions