Home — Birkbeck, University of London Skip to main content Birkbeck Home Students Research Staff Alumni Birkbeck Home Search Menu Search keywords Search Home Find a course Study Study here Undergraduate study Postgraduate study MPhil/PhD research Short courses Entry requirements Financial support How to apply Come and meet us Evening study explained International Students Student Services Business Services Library Life at Birkbeck Student life at Birkbeck The Birkbeck Experience Boost your career About Birkbeck About Birkbeck Find us Contact Birkbeck Research Faculties and Schools Events News Birkbeck, University of London Birkbeck launches daytime teaching Find out more and apply now to start an undergraduate degree this October. Daytime teaching Undergraduate courses Find a course Search Course Level Undergraduate (BA, BSc, LLB, CertHE programme enrolment) Postgraduate (MA, MSc, LLM, MRes) MPhil/PhD research School(s) Birkbeck Business School Birkbeck Centre for Counselling Birkbeck Law School School of Computing and Mathematical Sciences School of Creative Arts, Culture and Communication School of Historical Studies School of Natural Sciences School of Psychological Sciences School of Social Sciences If you don't want to search you can browse our courses instead. Looking for short courses or certificates of higher education (modular enrolment)? Visit our short course page to browse or search. Info Home Studying at Birkbeck Undergraduate study Browse our full- and part-time undergraduate courses and find out what it's like to study at our central London campus. Postgraduate study Choose the best postgraduate course for you from our wide range of study options, and find information about entry requirements and how to apply. International students There is nowhere better to study than London and Birkbeck is at its geographic and academic heart. Find out everything you need to know about coming to study here. Student life Find out what it's like to study in the heart of central London and what facilities and services are on offer to students. Top reasons to choose Birkbeck Birkbeck is a member of the prestigious University of London and a leading research university. Find out more about the ways Birkbeck could change your life. Funding Birkbeck is committed to doing everything we can to help you finance your studies. Find out what is available, how to apply and the advice and support we provide. Daytime teaching Any time is the right time to study. It's your choice. See the new daytime teaching option on a selection of our undergraduate courses. Find out more Birkbeck campus tour Follow Birkbeck student Charlie as she takes you on a tour of our central London campus. You can see our teaching spaces, library, cafe and restaurant, as well as the beautiful green spaces that surround our buildings. Come and meet us Research with impact Discover how Birkbeck’s socially engaged research informs public policy, pushes scientific, medical and technological advances, supports the economy, promotes culture and the arts and makes a positive difference to society. MPhil/PhD research Birkbeck has a large, vibrant community of MPhil/PhD researchers. Find out about our lively research culture, world-leading academics and the areas of supervision we offer. Full- and part-time study We offer the majority of our undergraduate, postgraduate and MPhil/PhD courses, both full-time and part-time. Find out what works best for you. Our prospectus is now digital Explore our courses and find out more about being a student with us. Request a digital prospectus News Birkbeck scientist solves age of one of the Earth's largest and most complex types of sand dune for the first time Star dunes are a natural wonder found in Africa, Asia and North America, as well as on Mars and on Titan, Saturn’s largest moon - but previously experts had never been able to put a date on when they were formed. News Learn to live more sustainably at inaugural Birkbeck Climate Festival – 18 to 22 March The new festival, open to the public, is taking place from 18 to 22 March, with interactive and participatory online and in-person events that will inform and inspire. News Professor Daniel Monk elected as Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences The academy has welcomed 41 leading social scientists from around the world to its Fellowship this spring. View all news Events calendar Places of Knowledge in Early Modern Travel Writing 7 March 2024 18:00 — 20:00 Birkbeck 43 Gordon Square Book your place Events calendar Next Step - Sub-Saharan Africa Offer Holders 11 March 2024 11:00 — 12:00 Online Book your place Events calendar Book launch for Kinga Kozminska's Soundings and the Politics of Sociolinguistic Listening for Transnational Space (Bloomsbury Academic, Series: Contemporary Studies in Linguistics). 12 March 2024 16:30 — 18:00 Birkbeck 43 Gordon Square Book your place View more events Student stories What our students say Mariam Tahir graduated with a MSc Analytical Bioscience degree after coming to the UK as an asylum seeker in 2018. Read about her story, alongside those of other inspirational Birkbeck students. Birkbeck Inspires Celebrating 10 years of Public Engagement at Birkbeck A number of Birkbeck academics share why they feel it's so important to engage with the public and make their research accessible. Blogs and videos Autumn Graduation Be inspired by our Autumn 2022 graduates and their stories of achievement - read the blogs and watch the videos. Contact us Get your questions about studying at Birkbeck answered. Contact us Find a course Search Come and meet us Request a Prospectus Quicklinks Study here Find a course Find us Support us Come and meet us Call us: +44 (0)20 3926 3926 Staff profiles Press office Library IT Services Jobs Professional services Room hire Access and engagement Students Research Staff Alumni Business services About us BBK magazine Courses disclaimer Equality and diversity Modern slavery statement Freedom of information Governance History Mission Obituaries Term dates Social media @BirkbeckUoL on Twitter Birkbeck podcasts on Soundcloud Birkbeck videos on YouTube BirkbeckUni on Instagram Birkbeck on Facebook Birkbeck on LinkedIn Additional information Our use of cookies Privacy Terms and conditions Site A-Z Accessibility statement