Free eBooks | Project Gutenberg Menu▾ About ▾ ▾ About Project Gutenberg Collection Development Contact Us History & Philosophy Permissions & License Privacy Policy Terms of Use Search and Browse ▾ ▾ Book Search Bookshelves Frequently Downloaded Offline Catalogs Help ▾ ▾ All help topics → Copyright How-To Errata, Fixes and Bug Reports File Formats Frequently Asked Questions Policies → Public Domain eBook Submission Submitting Your Own Work Tablets, Phones and eReaders The Attic → Donate Donation Welcome to Project Gutenberg Project Gutenberg is a library of over 70,000 free eBooks Choose among free epub and Kindle eBooks, download them or read them online. You will find the world’s great literature here, with focus on older works for which U.S. copyright has expired. Thousands of volunteers digitized and diligently proofread the eBooks, for you to enjoy. The Shore Road mystery by Franklin W. Dixon The royal banner by Matilda Horsburgh Kilpakosijat by Evald Jakku The hidden treasure by Lucy Ellen Guernsey A gypsy against her will by Emma Leslie Un printemps en Bosnie by Frédéric Kohn-Abrest William Jordan, Junior by J. C. Snaith The taking of Cloudy McGee by W. C. Tuttle I ragazzi d'una volta e i ragazzi d'adesso by marchesa Colombi Swedish Fairy Tales by Herman Hofberg Some of our latest eBooks Click Here for more latest books! No fee or registration! Everything from Project Gutenberg is gratis, libre, and completely without cost to readers. If you find Project Gutenberg useful, please consider a small donation to help Project Gutenberg digitize more books, maintain its online presence, and improve Project Gutenberg programs and offerings. Other ways to help include digitizing, proofreading and formatting, or reporting errors. No special apps needed! Project Gutenberg eBooks require no special apps to read, just the regular Web browsers or eBook readers that are included with computers and mobile devices. There have been reports of sites that charge fees for custom apps, or for the same eBooks that are freely available from Project Gutenberg. Some of the apps might have worthwhile features, but none are required to enjoy Project Gutenberg eBooks. 50 years of eBooks 1971-2021. In 2021, Project Gutenberg celebrated the first eBook for reading enjoyment and unlimited free redistribution. This eBook was created on July 4, 1971 by Project Gutenberg’s founder, Michael S. Hart. Read more about this lasting innovation. Project Gutenberg is grateful to all volunteers who helped to reach this milestone anniversary. Project Gutenberg offers a vibrant and growing collection of the world’s great literature. Read, enjoy, and share! Find Free eBooks Search and browse. By author, title, subject, language, type, popularity, and more. Bookshelves of related eBooks. Frequently downloaded: Top 100, or ranked by popularity. Offline catalogs: handy eBook listings and metadata to consult offline. Recently added. The latest new and updated eBooks. Visit self.gutenberg.org for free eBooks by contemporary authors. Audio books Audio books are a great way to enjoy and share literature. Project Gutenberg no longer adds new audio books to the collection, and suggests these audio book resources. These audio books are all freely available and in the public domain in the US. They may be easily played back on computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices. They may be shared non-commercially, without limitation except in countries where the printed source is still copyrighted. All of the sources listed below are digitizations of texts from Project Gutenberg. Project Gutenberg’s human-read audio books. 662 titles read by people, sometimes with sound effects or other enhancements. These are from a few different contributors. Project Gutenberg’s computer-generated audio books. 386 titles from 2003, using text-to-speech automation. These are listenable but relatively low quality compared to today’s technology. Human-read audio books from LibriVox. LibriVox is a volunteer community that produces high-quality performances that are done by many different volunteers. Follow the link to find audio books, and also to help create new audio books. The Project Gutenberg Open Audiobook Collection. Almost 5,000 titles from 2023, via a Project Gutenberg collaboration with Microsoft and MIT. These use neural text-to-speech technology for more natural-sounding computer-generated audio books. These audio books are also available on major music/podcast platforms as well as The Internet Archive. Project Gutenberg and partners were recognized by TIME for this work in their Best Inventions of 2023. Get Help Frequently Asked Questions about Project Gutenberg. Help, How-To and FAQs: In depth information about many topics. Tablets, phones and eReaders How-To: Using tablets, Kindle, Nook, cell phone, and other mobile devices and readers. How to Help Distributed Proofreaders welcomes new volunteers. This is the main source of new Project Gutenberg eBooks. Getting started is easy, and just a page a day will help! Fix and improve Project Gutenberg by reporting errors, bugs, typos, and suggesting changes. Record audiobooks with our friends at LibriVox. Special Areas About Project Gutenberg. Donating to Project Gutenberg. Feeds of new eBooks. Linking to Project Gutenberg and roboting or crawling the site. Partners and affiliates. Permissions, copyright, licensing, and trademark information. What does free eBook (No Cost or Freedom?) mean? Terms of Use Project Gutenberg eBooks may be freely used in the United States because most are not protected by U.S. copyright law. They may not be free of copyright in other countries. Readers outside of the United States must check the copyright terms of their countries before accessing, downloading or redistributing eBooks. We also have a number of copyrighted titles, for which the copyright holder has given permission for unlimited non-commercial worldwide use. The Project Gutenberg website is for human users only. Use of automated tools to access the website may trigger a block of your access. This site utilizes cookies, captchas and related technologies to help assure the site is maximally available for human users. See full terms of use here. Social Media News feeds of new eBooks Privacy policy About Project Gutenberg Terms of Use Contact Information Get Help