California Legislative Information skip to content home accessibility FAQ feedback sitemap login x Home Bill Information California Law Publications Other Resources My Subscriptions My Favorites For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Today's Schedule >> Bill Information >> California Law >> Publications >> Other Resources >> My Subscriptions >> My Favorites >> Today's ScheduleTue, Mar 5, 2024 Floor ScheduleSen. Check-in Session STATE CAPITOL 9:00 AM Welcome Welcome to the California Legislative Information website! We are pleased to announce new website enhancements to improve the readability of Bill and Code text. Multi-level indentation formatting has been implemented throughout the sections of each bill’s “Text” tab. In addition, the new formatting has been added to all of the sections of text under the California Law. Measures prior to 1999 can still be found at http://leginfo.ca.gov which will remain as an archive for legislative information. To access a complete listing of California Law Codes and Bill Search features, click the California Law or Bill Information Tabs on the Tabbed Panel above. Quick Bill Search: Bill Number Keywords(s) Quick Bill Search Quick Code Search: Code Select Code All BPC CIV CCP COM CORP EDC ELEC EVID FAM FIN FGC FAC GOV HNC HSC INS LAB MVC PEN PROB PCC PRC PUC RTC SHC UIC VEH WAT WIC Code Section Keywords(s) Quick Codes Search Daily Updates Assembly Updates Senate Updates Daily Files Assembly Senate Quick Links Senate Video Archive Assembly Video Archive Downloadable Database CA Agency Reports Register to Vote Pursuant to Section 10248.5 of the Government Code, the information described in subdivision (a) of Section 10248 of the Government Code and made available on this Web site is within the public domain and the State of California retains no copyright or other proprietary interest in the information. Privacy and Conditions of Use PolicyWebsite Accessibility Certification[PDF] login Feedback2 accessibility