TechTerms.com - The Computer Dictionary Skip to main content TechTerms.com Search Random Open Search Box Open Menu Close Menu Terms Quizzes Help Center Random Term Settings Theme Light Dark High Contrast Font Size20 Reset TechTerms.com The Computer Dictionary Look up definitions of computer and Internet terms. Advanced Search Random Term Random Quiz Term of the Day Today • March 5 E-commerce E-commerce (or electronic commerce) refers to commercial activity conducted over the Internet. An e-commerce transaction occurs whenever someone buys goods or services from a business' website. An e-commerce transaction can take lots of forms, such ... Read More View Previous Terms Today's Quiz Question Video games often provide new content called what? A MAC 0% B GMC 0% C DLC 0% D NPC 0% Correct! Incorrect! View the DLC definition. More Quizzes → Recently Added Terms MSP CVE User Account CTV IPsec Advertising ID Prefetch HWB Chiplet Delimiter Recently Updated NOC Process Buffer Memory ADC Virus Traceroute UPS Snapshot PDA About TechTerms.com TechTerms.com is a free online dictionary of computer and Internet terms. Each definition is written using everyday language, to make technical terms and advanced concepts easy to understand. Learn more about TechTerms.com. Get the Tech Terms App: Related Sites FileInfo.com The File Information Database Slang.net The Slang Dictionary TechTerms Newsletter Subscribe to the daily or weekly newsletter and get featured terms and quizzes delivered to your inbox. Subscribe Recent Updates January 1, 2024Published new quizzes for Q1 2024 October 1, 2023Published new quizzes for Q4 2023 August 21, 2023View the full list of macOS versions August 18, 2023Added a quiz question to each definition page July 1, 2023Published new quizzes for Q3 2023 April 17, 2023Learn how to correctly use the top ten misused tech terms March 30, 2023Learn how to correctly write the top ten misspelled tech terms March 27, 2023Published redesigned quiz section February 13, 2023Published TechTerms.com author profiles × Sign up for the free TechTerms Newsletter Email (required): First Name: Last Name: How often would you like to receive an email? Daily Weekly (Every Tuesday) You can unsubscribe or change your frequency setting at any time using the links available in each email.Questions? Please contact us. Thank You We just sent you an email to confirm your email address. Once you confirm your address, you will begin to receive the newsletter. If you have any questions, please contact us. Ok © 2024 Sharpened Productions | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Cookie Settings | About | Contact