PopMalt - Deliciously Entertaining Humor & News Comedy Entertainment Lifestyle Uplifting Satire Videos Store All Products Shopping Cart Checkout Forums Follow us facebook twitter instagram linkedin youtube Search Search for: Login Cart 0 Menu Login Latest Stories This Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder Video is the Best Thing You’ll See Today More stories Sofía Vergara Makes Her Debut on Season 15 of ‘AGT’ Kygo’s New Album ‘Golden Hour’ Drops Friday Taylor Swift is Unrecognizable as “The Man” in Her Latest Music Video Why “Voice” is the Future of Social Media in a Privacy-Conscious, “Own Your Content” World Dr. Ye: Kanye West Announces ‘Jesus Is King Part II’ with Dr. Dre, His First Opera As Well The Wonderful World of Disney+ Magically Overdelivers Colin Trevorrow Teases Jurassic World Sequel With Intense 8-Minute Short Film MTV’s ‘The Hills’ Features Music from SÜ, Nashville’s Fresh New Indie Pop Artist Hunter Hayes Debuts Latest Album ‘Wild Blue’ Lionel Richie’s ‘Hello Tour’ is a Smash Hit Billy Joel Continues to Play Stadiums After All These Years Wedding Photographer’s Open Letter Goes Viral After iPhone Photo Ruins Otherwise Perfect Moment It Was the Best of Times: Styx on Tour Jason Aldean Kills It On His ‘Ride All Night Tour’ With Kane Brown and Carly Pearce Rayne Johnson: The New Face of Country? Lauren Daigle Advocates For Hope With ‘Rescue’ Oh Snap! ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Dusts James Cameron’s ‘Avatar’ For Highest Grossing Film Ever Disney’s ‘Lion King’ Roars Again For a New Generation, and It’s To Die For Khalid’s Free Spirit Soars In Downtown Denver Disney Releases Live-Action ‘Mulan’ Teaser Trailer Ahead of 2020 Theatrical Release 10 Reasons Why ‘Spider-Man: Far From Home’ Will Crush it at the Box Office This Summer Echosmith Talks Collab With for KING & COUNTRY and Timbaland, More New Music Stevie Wonder Makes Dreams Come True at SeriesFest Benefit Concert, Surprise Special Guest Performs Andrea Bocelli Concludes US Tour With Magical Evening to Remember Load More Congratulations. You've reached the end of the internet. Follow PopMalt Loading... Popular Stories 334.2k Shares 50 Really Annoying Facebook Friends We All Have The list to end all lists is here. How many of these people are on your friends list? Read More 5.2k Shares CrossFit May Soon Allow Workouts to Count Even if Not Posted to Facebook Imagine being able to work out without having to post about it afterwards? Hard to believe, right? Well, it could be here before you know it. Read More 5k Shares Danny Gokey On Life, Faith, and His New Single “The Comeback” American Idol’s Danny Gokey has touched millions of lives with his incredible story. Read More Follow us facebook twitter instagram linkedin youtube Contact Us Want to purchase advertising or ask us a question? Contact us here for more details. Get Paid to Write For Us Want to get paid to write for us? Submit your content for consideration here. Connect With Us on Facebook Loading... © Copyright PopMalt 2000-2020. All Rights Reserved. As an Amazon Associate we earn from qualifying purchases. By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions. We utilize cookies and other tracking technology to remarket advertising to our visitors. To learn more about remarketing cookies or to learn how to opt out, click here. Website developed and maintained by NURV. Back to Top Close Comedy Entertainment Lifestyle Uplifting Satire Videos Store All Products Shopping Cart Checkout Forums facebook twitter instagram linkedin youtube Search for: