Home | American Institutes for Research Skip to main content Search Main navigation About About AIR AIR Equity Initiative Careers at AIR Corporate Social Responsibility Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Our History Our Leadership Working with AIR Vision, Culture, & Values Experts Meet Our Experts Board of Directors Our Leadership Our Institute Fellows Our External Scholars Insights Our Work Explore Our Work Education Health Human Services International Workforce Insights AIR Equity Initiative Centers Projects Capabilities View Our Capabilities Research & Evaluation Technical Assistance Data Science & Technology News & Events News Events Announcements AIR in the News Newsletters Sign Up for AIR News Hero American Institutes for Research® Advancing evidence. Improving lives. VIEW INSIGHTS Creating Connections The 2023 AIR Equity Initiative annual report features stories, data, and project highlights from our efforts to build bridges toward a more equitable world, where all communities and people can thrive.VIEW THE REPORT AIR Announces New CEO, Board Chair Jessica Heppen, a researcher and expert in education policy and practice, is AIR’s seventh President and CEO. Lawrence Bobo, the Dean of Social Science at Harvard University, is the new chair of the AIR Board of Directors.MEET OUR NEW LEADERS Mission Statement Our mission is to generate and use rigorous evidence that contributes to a better, more equitable world. Learn about our values, our history, and our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. LEARN MORE ABOUT US AIR Equity InitiativeAIR is making a five-year, $100M+ investment in behavioral and social science research and technical assistance to address the underlying causes of systemic inequities and increase opportunities for people and communities.LEARN MORE ABOUT THE INITIATIVEREAD THE EQUITY INITIATIVE'S ANNUAL REPORT (2022-23) Spotlight on Our Work Education AIR bridges knowledge and action to support the whole child and family. We work with educators, students, and policymakers to study and implement evidence-based programs and policies that improve outcomes. Our Work in Education Health AIR experts use rigorous evidence to address all areas of health and well-being, including physical, social, and emotional, throughout the life cycle, from promotion and prevention to treatment and care. Our Work in Health Human Services AIR’s work supports stakeholders in developing a better understanding of the factors that shape outcomes for young people, families, and communities, and discovering opportunities to help them thrive. Our Work in Human Services International AIR works around the globe to build evidence to improve the quality and relevance of programs and initiatives in developing countries to ensure equitable access for all. Our Work in International Workforce AIR applies its decades of workforce research in developing the knowledge, tools, systems, and programs needed to maximize human and organizational potential in the 21st century. Our Work in Workforce Our Capabilities Learn More Research & Program Evaluation AIR conducts rigorous research and evaluations that provide important information about the effectiveness of programs and policies in the U.S. and across the globe. Technical Assistance We work shoulder-to-shoulder with clients to help them build capacity and transform systems to achieve better outcomes for those they serve. Data Science and Technology AIR uses data and technology to help our clients and communities identify challenges, find solutions, and make information usable and easily accessible. Survey Design and Administration Our experts can help government agencies and organizations develop, administer, and analyze surveys that create reliable, actionable data. Featured Insights BLOG POST Why Community Members are Vital Partners for Transforming Public Safety Research into Action The AIR Equity Initiative's Pathways to Peace public symposium brought together youth justice and public safety leaders who shared , evidence and insights on honoring and empowering communities to create sustainable change. Explore five key takeaways from the event.READ THE BLOG POST IN THE FIELD Challenges and Opportunities of Evaluating Whole-Child Approaches Every year, City Year recruits a diverse group of Student Success Coaches, ages 18-25, to deliver its holistic Whole School Whole Child (WSWC) model. Juliette Berg and David Osher discuss AIR's five-year evaluation of the model's challenges and opportunities.READ MORE see more News & Events 04 Mar 2024 News American Institutes for Research Experts to Present on a Range of Educational Issues During Annual Comparative and International Education Society Conference 21 Feb 2024 News American Institutes for Research Announces New CEO and Board Chair 15 Feb 2024 News First In-Depth Assessment of the Post-9/11 GI Bill® Provides Insight on Veterans' Post-Secondary Enrollment, Degree Completion, and Earnings 15 Feb 2024 Event A First Look at Post 9/11 GI Bill-Eligible Enlisted Veterans’ Outcomes 11 Dec 2023 Event Novel Approaches to Developing and Updating Social Studies Curricula in Louisiana, Massachusetts, and the U.S. Virgin Islands 26 Oct 2023 Event Effective Approaches to Women’s Issues in Forced Displacement Settings—Policy, Design, and Implementation See More Learn more about how we can help you achieve your mission-critical priorities. Contact AIR Careers Benefits Opportunities Locations Headquarters All Offices Stay informed about AIR's work. Subscribe to our newsletter. Copyright © 2024 American Institutes for Research®. All rights reserved. Code of ConductPrivacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap