The Ringer Skip to main content clock menu more-arrow no yes mobile The Ringer homepage Follow The Ringer online: Follow The Ringer on Twitter Follow The Ringer on Instagram Follow The Ringer on Youtube Site search Search Search The Ringer main menu NBA NFL Dune: Part Two What to Watch Podcasts TV Features Movies MLB Video Music Shop More NBA NFL Dune: Part Two What to Watch Podcasts Bill Simmons Podcast 22 Goals 24 Question Party People 60 Songs That Explain the ’90s Against All Odds The Answer Bachelor Party The Bakari Sellers Podcast Bandsplain Beyond the Arc The Big Picture Binge Mode Black Girl Songbook Book of Basketball 2.0 Boom/Bust: HQ Trivia Cheap Heat Counter Pressed The Dave Chang Show East Coast Bias Every Single Album: Taylor Swift Extra Point Taken Dissect F1 Show Fairway Rollin’ Fantasy Football Show Food News The Fozcast The Full Go Gamblers Gambling Show Gene and Roger Group Chat Higher Learning The Hottest Take Icons Club Jam Session Just Like Us Larry Wilmore: Black on the Air Last Song Standing The Local Angle Masked Man Show The Mismatch MMA Show Mint Edition Morally Corrupt Bravo Show New York, New York NBA Show NBA Draft NFL Show NFL Draft Off Guard Off the Pike One Shining Podcast Philly Special Plain English The Pod Has Spoken The Press Box The Prestige TV Podcast Real Ones Reality TV Recipe Club The Rewatchables Ringer Dish Ringer FC The Ringer-Verse The Ripple Effect The Rugby Pod The Ryen Russillo Podcast Sonic Boom Sports Cards Nonsense Slow News Day Speidi’s 16th Minute Somebody’s Gotta Win Sports Card Nonsense Stadio Tea Time This Blew Up The Town Trial by Content The Watch Wednesday Worldwide What If? The Len Bias Story Wrighty’s House Wrestling Show Latest Episodes All Podcasts TV Features Movies MLB Video Music Shop ✕ Filed under: NBA Oh God. Is This the Boston Celtics’ Year? The evidence is starting to overwhelm. It’s getting harder and harder to deny. The Celtics look like a title team—prepare yourself accordingly. By Danny Chau Filed under: NFL Draft 10 Observations From the 2024 NFL Combine The league’s annual scouting combine featured some exciting performances … from the players who didn’t opt out. Here’s what we learned from a week in Indianapolis. By Ben Solak Filed under: Dune The ‘Dune: Part Two’ Exit Survey Talking about things like worm travel, Princess Irulan’s headwear, and the future of the ‘Dune’ franchise By The Ringer Staff Filed under: NFL Draft Williams, Maye, or Daniels: Which QB Should Go First Overall? The top of the 2024 NFL draft is quarterback heavy, which means picking the right one is all the more important By Danny Kelly Filed under: NFL Free Agency The Chiefs Placed the Franchise Tag on L’Jarius Sneed. Now What? Will Sneed sign the tag, will Sneed and the Chiefs agree to a long-term contract, or will the Chiefs trade their CB1? By Sheil Kapadia The Ringer Podcast Network Sports. Pop Culture. Podcasts. All Podcasts The Disappointment All-Stars, LeBron’s Unapproachable 40K, Minnesota Concerns, and Boston’s F-You Game With Ryen Russillo Plus, how much longer will LeBron play in L.A.? By Bill Simmons Mar 4, 2024, 12:07am EST New Film Heads and a New Direction for Netflix and Disney Netflix jas hired producer Dan Lin as its new head of film, and Disney promoted David Greenbaum as its new head of Disney Live Action and 20th Century Studios. Matt and Lucas Shaw discuss what this means for both studios. By Matthew Belloni Mar 4, 2024, 4:02pm EST What’s Up Monday?! Maria’s Hometown Date, Pilot Pete’s Fame, Joey’s Gilbert’s Syndrome, and Updates on ‘Love Is Blind.’ Juliet also talks about the last book she read before revealing her next read! By Juliet Litman Mar 5, 2024, 12:26am EST ‘Road House’ With Bill Simmons, Chris Ryan, and Kyle Brandt The ‘80s classic starring Patrick Swayze, Kelly Lynch, and Sam Elliott. By Bill Simmons, Chris Ryan, and 1 more Mar 5, 2024, 12:19am EST Champions League Picks, Fixing Man United, Plus Phil Foden POTY? Ceruti and Paul recap Man U–Man City before previewing this week’s UCL matchups By Steve Ceruti Mar 5, 2024, 12:12am EST All Podcasts The Latest Filed under: NBA The G League Isn’t Just for NBA Long Shots Anymore A record 18 of last summer’s 30 first-round picks have played in the NBA G League this season, following the developmental path of breakout players like Jalen Johnson and Peyton Watson. Why are more top prospects taking this route? And what does it mean for the future of the G League? By Zach Kram February 29 Filed under: The Rewatchables ‘Road House’ With Bill Simmons, Chris Ryan, and Kyle Brandt The ‘80s classic starring Patrick Swayze, Kelly Lynch, and Sam Elliott. By Bill Simmons, Chris Ryan, and 1 more March 5 Filed under: Jam Session Kate Middleton Spotted, Rihanna’s $6 Million Performance, Cyrus Family Drama, and More | Jam Session Where has Kate been? By Juliet Litman and Amanda Dobbins March 4 Filed under: Pop Culture Why Has Kate Middleton Mysteriously Disappeared? An FAQ Where has the Princess of Wales been since Christmas? Why has the royal family been so vague about her absence? And what could this all have to do with Banksy? Let’s dive in. By Jodi Walker March 1 Play Filed under: In My Feelings With Big Wos Is Tatum a Serious MVP Contender? Big Wos talks about whether Jayson Tatum is a serious MVP contender, Draymond Green’s return, and Monty Williams’s press conference By Wosny Lambre March 1 Filed under: NBA The Defiant Charm of Anthony Edwards On a bank-shot revival, Michael Jordan comparisons, and an ascending superstar with much to prove By Danny Chau March 1 Filed under: TV What the Heck Should I Watch on Streaming? ‘True Detective’ may be over, but don’t fret: The best show of 2024 so far just premiered on Hulu By The Ringer Staff March 1 Filed under: Plain English Why the “Need for Chaos” Is Eating American Politics Many Americans today seem to embrace conspiracy theories and nihilistic burn-it-all-down messages, not because they are partisans of the left or right, but because they’ve become cynical about all elite and all major institutions of power By Derek Thompson March 1 Filed under: Dune 22 Things I Did With the ‘Dune 2’ Popcorn Bucket Buddy, they won’t even let me [REDACTED] it. But there’s a lot more you can do with the cursed sandworm receptacle. By Austin Gayle March 1 Filed under: TV All’s Fair in Love and ‘The Regime’ The new darkly dramedic miniseries from HBO centers goofy geopolitics, toxic relationships, and Kate Winslet’s Elena Vernham—who holds a fictional nation together through a crazy, commoditized little thing called love By Katie Baker March 1 Filed under: Dune Is Denis Villeneuve Willing ‘Dune: Part Three’ Into Existence? After betting on himself and deciding to split ‘Dune’ into multiple movies before the second was green-lit, Villeneuve may once again be daring Warner Bros. to extend his franchise—this time to a trilogy By Miles Surrey March 1 Filed under: Oscars ‘May December’ Found a Delicate Balance to Tell a Disturbing Tale It takes a deft hand to blend the true crime–inspired elements of this subject with moments of twisted humor By Julianna Ress March 1 Filed under: NBA Grading Every NBA Team’s 2023-24 Season So Far Which teams have surprised and disappointed the most this season? With two-thirds of the season in the books, we’re handing out report cards. By Seerat Sohi February 26 Filed under: WWE Virgil Really Was a Wrestling Superstar Mike Jones, the professional wrestler known best for his WWF run as Virgil, was more than just the silent bodyguard he portrayed during the late-’80s wrestling boom By Khal Davenport March 1 Filed under: TV Remembering Richard Lewis, Comedy’s Proud Prince of Pain The stand-up icon, who passed away at the age of 76 on Tuesday, was perhaps better than anyone else at mining personal torment for laughs By Alan Siegel February 29 Play Filed under: The Rewatchables ‘Rounders’ LIVE With Bill Simmons, Chris Ryan, Van Lathan, and Sean Fennessey Bill, Chris, Van, and Sean discuss their latest foray into films past: ‘Rounders’ By Bill Simmons, Van Lathan, and 2 more February 29 Video What Are These Refs Thinking? Our Reaction to the Manchester Derby! The lads also give their thoughts on Darwin Nunez’s 99th-minute winner for Liverpool and the chaotic ending to Real Madrid’s 2-2 draw at Valencia Play video for What Are These Refs Thinking? Our Reaction to the Manchester Derby! Is Tatum a Serious MVP Contender? Big Wos talks about whether Jayson Tatum is a serious MVP contender, Draymond Green’s return, and Monty Williams’s press conference Play video for Is Tatum a Serious MVP Contender? Battle for L.A., NBA Grades, and Thunder Awards Odds Plus, checking in on the Golden State Warriors Play video for Battle for L.A., NBA Grades, and Thunder Awards Odds More in Video Sign up for the The Ringer Newsletter Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a welcome email. Email (required) Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again. By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Subscribe Filed under: WWE Ole Anderson Was the Ghost of Wrestling’s Past The tough-as-nails tag team wrestler and promoter embodied the best and worst of the territories era By Oliver Lee Bateman and Ian Douglass February 29 Filed under: TV “We’re Going to Become the Biggest Elsbeth”: Carrie Preston on ‘The Good Wife’ Favorite Elsbeth Tascioni’s New Spinoff Preston stole scenes in ‘The Good Wife’ and ‘The Good Fight.’ Now she has her own series. By Ben Lindbergh February 29 Filed under: Video Games The Video Game Remake Boom Is Producing Nostalgic Hype and Uncomfortable Questions Video game remakes like ‘Final Fantasy VII Rebirth’ are the definitive single-player trend of the past decade. But they also represent a distinct set of challenges for an art form that doesn’t really "age" like other entertainment does. By Justin Charity February 29 Filed under: Dune Previously On ‘Dune’ … It’s time to get reacquainted with Arrakis. Ahead of ‘Dune: Part Two,’ look back on 12 crucial moments from the first film, and what they could mean for the sequel. By Miles Surrey February 29 Filed under: Dune The Dutiful Perfection of ‘Dune: Part Two’ The sheer scale and craft of Denis Villeneuve’s epic follow-up can’t be denied. Still, it’s hard to ignore the sense that a story like this ought to be a bit more confounding. By Adam Nayman February 29 Filed under: Oscars Will Somebody PLEASE Give Bradley Cooper a Damn Oscar? Making the case for why this year’s Academy Awards villain actually deserves to win for his turn in ‘Maestro’ By Paul Thompson February 29 Filed under: NFL What Are NFL Coaches and Execs Really Saying at the NFL Combine? Use our trusty translator to sift through the NFL coachspeak By Danny Heifetz February 29 Filed under: NFL The Most Amusing and Revealing Takeaways From the NFLPA’s Annual Player Survey Which NFL team has a bug problem? Which team owners are cheap? And which team received all As? NFL players dished in these report cards, and here’s what you need to know. By Nora Princiotti February 28 Filed under: Movies Let’s Talk About Magic Dick Theory in ‘Dune’ If you look deep enough, much of traditional fantasy and science fiction boils down to the theory. Including ‘Dune.’ Until it doesn’t. By Brian Phillips February 28 Filed under: NBA Has Doc Rivers Fixed the Milwaukee Bucks Already? The Bucks’ stingy defense is back. Now the team’s title chances are, too. Is it time to Fear the Deer once again? By Kevin O'Connor February 28 Filed under: 60 Songs That Explain the '90s ‘60 Songs That Explain the ’90s’: Tracy Chapman Never Had Much to Prove. She Did It Anyway. Our latest episode, discussing "Fast Car," Tracy’s Grammy performance, and her ’90s hit "Give Me One Reason" By Rob Harvilla February 28 Filed under: Oscars From Superhero to Villain: Robert Downey Jr.’s ‘Oppenheimer’ Turn Was Undeniable After spending a decade-plus confined to the Iron Man suit and the Marvel playground, the man behind Lewis Strauss reminded everyone what he’s capable of: a nervy performance full of pettiness, desperation, and force By Adam Nayman February 28 Filed under: Movies ‘Clerks’ and the ’90s Indie Film Big Bang, Through the Eyes of The Village Voice An excerpt from Tricia Romano’s oral history of the famed alt-weekly, ‘The Freaks Came Out to Write,’ featuring Kevin Smith, Amy Taubin, and Colson Whitehead By Tricia Romano February 27 Filed under: Oscars Robert De Niro Continues to Evolve, Persevere, and Challenge Himself. He Should Win Another Oscar. The legendary actor’s turn in ‘Killers of the Flower Moon’ is singular, the result of decades of work across genres and sensibilities, even if the journey at times plunged him into the depths of mediocrity By Keith Phipps February 27 Filed under: TV ‘Shogun’ Is High-Stakes Event TV at Its Finest The new FX limited series is a sweeping historical epic oozing with political intrigue By Miles Surrey February 27 Filed under: Plain English Why Americans Stopped Hanging Out—and Why It Matters Sociologist Eric Klinenberg joins Derek to examine the dramatic decline in face-to-face socialization in the U.S. By Derek Thompson February 27 NBA Oh God. Is This the Boston Celtics’ Year? The evidence is starting to overwhelm. It’s getting harder and harder to deny. The Celtics look like a title team—prepare yourself accordingly. The Defiant Charm of Anthony Edwards On a bank-shot revival, Michael Jordan comparisons, and an ascending superstar with much to prove The G League Isn’t Just for NBA Long Shots Anymore A record 18 of last summer’s 30 first-round picks have played in the NBA G League this season, following the developmental path of breakout players like Jalen Johnson and Peyton Watson. Why are more top prospects taking this route? And what does it mean for the future of the G League? More in NBA Pagination More Stories Chorus Terms of Service Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Communications Preferences Accessibility Platform Status Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorship Policy An SB Nation affiliate site Advertise with us Jobs @ The Ringer Copyright (c) 2024 Spotify AB