HBS Working Knowledge – Harvard Business School Faculty Research Skip to Main Content HBS Home About Academic Programs Alumni Faculty & Research Baker Library Giving Harvard Business Review Initiatives News Recruit Map / Directions Working Knowledge Business Research for Business Leaders Browse All Articles Popular Articles Cold Call Podcast Managing the Future of Work Podcast About Us Book Leadership Marketing Finance Management Entrepreneurship All Topics... Topics COVID-19 Entrepreneurship Finance Gender Globalization Leadership Management Negotiation Social Enterprise Strategy Sections Book Podcasts HBS Case In Practice Lessons from the Classroom Op-Ed Research & Ideas Research Event Sharpening Your Skills What Do You Think? Browse All Want to Make Diversity Stick? Break the Cycle of SamenessWant to Make Diversity Stick? Break the Cycle of Sameness Whether on judicial benches or in corporate boardrooms, white men are more likely to step into roles that other white men vacate, says research by Edward Chang. But when people from historically marginalized groups land those positions, workforce diversification tends to last. Chang offers three pieces of advice for leaders striving for diversity. 04 Mar 2024 | Research & Ideas Beyond Goals: David Beckham's Playbook for Mobilizing Star Talentby Avery Forman 29 Feb 2024 | HBS Case Why Companies Should Share Their DEI Data (Even When It’s Unflattering)by Shalene Gupta 27 Feb 2024 | Research & Ideas Do People Want to Work Anymore?by James Heskett 04 Mar 2024 | What Do You Think? Leadership What Will It Take to Confront the Invisible Mental Health Crisis in Business? by Kara Baskin 09 NOV 2023 | HBS Case The pressure to do more, to be more, is fueling its own silent epidemic. Lauren Cohen discusses the common misperceptions that get in the way of supporting employees' well-being, drawing on case studies about people who have been deeply affected by mental illness. Did You Hear What I Said? How to Listen Better by Michael Blanding 06 NOV 2023 | Research & Ideas People who seem like they're paying attention often aren't—even when they're smiling and nodding toward the speaker. Research by Alison Wood Brooks, Hanne Collins, and colleagues reveals just how prone the mind is to wandering, and sheds light on ways to stay tuned in to the conversation. From P.T. Barnum to Mary Kay: Lessons From 5 Leaders Who Changed the World by Avery Forman 24 OCT 2023 | HBS Case What do Steve Jobs and Sarah Breedlove have in common? Through a series of case studies, Robert Simons explores the unique qualities of visionary leaders and what today's managers can learn from their journeys. Yes, You Can Radically Change Your Organization in One Week by Kristen Senz 06 OCT 2023 | Book Skip the committees and the multi-year roadmap. With the right conditions, leaders can confront even complex organizational problems in one week. Frances Frei and Anne Morriss explain how in their book Move Fast and Fix Things. Entrepreneurship Harnessing AI: What Businesses Need to Know in ChatGPT’s Second Year by Rachel Layne 09 JAN 2024 | In Practice Companies across industries rushed to adopt ChatGPT last year, seeing its potential to streamline tasks formerly handled by people and vendors at much higher cost. As generative AI enters its next phase in 2024, what can leaders expect? Harvard Business School faculty members highlight four trends to watch. When Tech Platforms Identify Black-Owned Businesses, White Customers Buy by Jay Fitzgerald 24 OCT 2023 | Research & Ideas Demand for Black-owned restaurants rises when they're easier to find on Yelp. Research by Michael Luca shows how companies can mobilize their own technology to advance racial equity. How Will the Tech Titans Behind ChatGPT, Bard, and LLaMA Make Money? by Ben Rand 19 SEP 2023 | HBS Case It seems like anything is possible with generative AI right now. But how will companies profit from those big ideas? Andy Wu breaks down the potentially painful tradeoffs that tech firms might face as artificial intelligence enters its next phase. As Social Networks Get More Competitive, Which Ones Will Survive? Re: Felix Oberholzer-Gee 29 AUG 2023 | Cold Call Podcast In early 2023, TikTok reached close to 1 billion users globally, placing it fourth behind the leading social networks: Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram. Meanwhile, competition in the market for videos had intensified. Can all four networks continue to attract audiences and creators? Felix Oberholzer-Gee discusses competition and imitation among social networks in his case “Hey, Insta & YouTube, Are You Watching TikTok?” Popular How Gender Stereotypes Kill a Woman’s Self-Confidence by Dina Gerdeman 25 FEB 2019 | Research & Ideas Researchers believe gender stereotypes hold women back in the workplace. Katherine Coffman's research adds a new twist: They can even cause women to question their own abilities. Is Your Workplace Biased Against Introverts? by Ben Rand 16 FEB 2024 | Research & Ideas Extroverts are more likely to express their passion outwardly, giving them a leg up when it comes to raises and promotions, according to research by Jon Jachimowicz. Introverts are just as motivated and excited about their work, but show it differently. How can managers challenge their assumptions? How to Make AI 'Forget' All the Private Data It Shouldn't Have by Rachel Layne 22 FEB 2024 | Research & Ideas When companies use machine learning models, they may run the risk of inadvertently sharing sensitive and private data. Seth Neel explains why it’s important to understand how to wipe AI’s spongelike memory clean. Why Boeing’s Problems with the 737 MAX Began More Than 25 Years Ago by Bill George 24 JAN 2024 | Op-Ed Aggressive cost cutting and rocky leadership changes have eroded the culture at Boeing, a company once admired for its engineering rigor, says Bill George. What will it take to repair the reputational damage wrought by years of crises involving its 737 MAX? Books More Than Memes: NFTs Could Be the Next Gen Deed for a Digital World by Dina Gerdeman 23 JAN 2024 | Book Non-fungible tokens might seem like a fad approach to selling memes, but the concept could help companies open new markets and build communities. Scott Duke Kominers and Steve Kaczynski go beyond the NFT hype in their book, The Everything Token. HBS Faculty Books of 2023: Find Happiness, Fix Things, and Fail Well by Danielle Kost 12 DEC 2023 | Book From authoritarian regimes to social responsibility, we take a look back at some of the new books by Harvard Business School faculty members this year. Economic Growth Draws Companies to Asia. Can They Handle Its Authoritarian Regimes? by Sean Silverthorne 28 NOV 2023 | Book The efficiency of one-party governments might seem appealing, but leaders need a deep understanding of a country's power structure and "moral economy," says Meg Rithmire. Her book Precarious Ties: Business and the State in Authoritarian Asia explores the delicate relationship between capitalists and autocrats in the region. Yes, You Can Radically Change Your Organization in One Week by Kristen Senz 06 OCT 2023 | Book Skip the committees and the multi-year roadmap. With the right conditions, leaders can confront even complex organizational problems in one week. Frances Frei and Anne Morriss explain how in their book Move Fast and Fix Things. Sign up for our weekly newsletter Interested in improving your business? Learn about fresh research and ideas from Harvard Business School faculty. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. ǁ Harvard Business School Working Knowledge Baker Library | Bloomberg Center Soldiers Field Boston, MA 02163 Email: Editor-in-Chief →Map & Directions →More Contact Information Make a Gift Site Map Jobs Harvard University Trademarks Policies Accessibility Digital Accessibility Copyright © President & Fellows of Harvard College