Chrome for Developers Get inspired Blog Docs Build with Chrome Learn how Chrome works, participate in origin trials, and build with Chrome everywhere. Web Platform Capabilities Extensions Chrome Web Store Chromium Aurora Web on Android Origin trials Productivity Create the best experience for your users with the web's best tools. DevTools Lighthouse Chrome UX Report Accessibility Get things done quicker and neater, with our ready-made libraries. Workbox Puppeteer Experience Design a beautiful and performant web with Chrome. Performance CSS and UI Identity Payments Privacy and security Resources More from the Chrome team. All documentation Baseline web.dev English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Get inspired Blog Docs More Build with Chrome Web Platform Capabilities Extensions Chrome Web Store Chromium Aurora Web on Android Origin trials Productivity DevTools Lighthouse Chrome UX Report Accessibility Workbox Puppeteer Experience Performance CSS and UI Identity Payments Privacy and security Resources All documentation Baseline web.dev Interaction to Next Paint (INP) becomes a Core Web Vital on March 12. Start making your websites more responsive to user input today. Learn how. Chrome for Developers Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. A Powerful Web. Made Easier. Simplifying the web to help you build, grow and innovate. Get Started Third-party cookie deprecation Get prepared for the end of third-party cookies in Chrome. Test your site today for any breakages. Find out more FEATURED CSS Wrapped 2023! 2023 was a huge year for CSS! Learn about what landed in Chrome and across the web platform this year. Explore Now LATEST NEWS What's New in DevTools (Chrome 122) Check out the latest set of features and updates landing in the next release. Explore Now Get Inspired Extend your product's reach through the browser, increase engagement by improving quality and make the most of the web's capabilities. See how businesses are succeeding on the web. All stories CONTENT SERIES Learn how modern web technology can help you succeed Learn about use cases that have been made much easier by innovative new web technologies. Get started Features, tools and programs to make developers successful on the web. Powerful platform capabilities widgets Web App Features android Web on Android extension Extensions Solutions for quality experiences display_settings Core Web Vitals toggle_on CSS and UI badge Identity Productivity made easier build Chrome DevTools construction Performance Tools data_object Puppeteer science Chrome for Testing Open by design Baseline terminal web.dev open_in_new offline_bolt Project Aurora verified Always updating See what's included in Chrome's latest stable and beta releases. Chrome 123 beta Chrome 123 beta brings you The CSS light-dark() color function, align-content for blocks, the field-sizing property, and the pagereveal event. Read the blog New in Chrome 122 The latest stable Chrome includes the new Storage Buckets API, DevTools Performance panel updates, and unsanitized option to read HTML with the Async Clipboard API. Read the blog description Docs The resources you need to start building. See all docs Chrome DevTools Diagnose problems and edit source files quickly to build better, faster websites, directly in the Chrome browser. See all documentation Extensions Customize the Chrome browsing experience using on web technologies, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. See all documentation Chrome Web Store Publish your extensions and themes to Chrome's online marketplace. See all documentation Web Platform Learn key Chrome concepts, discover Chrome web APIs, and experiment with origin trials. See all documentation Connect with the team Chrome for Developers on X Follow us to get real time updates and announcements about Chrome and the web. Follow Chrome for Developers on YouTube Subscribe to stay up to speed with Chrome and web updates, tutorials, case studies and more. Learn more Contribute File a bug See open issues Related content Chromium updates Case studies Archive Podcasts & shows Connect @ChromiumDev on X YouTube Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Nederlands Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어