La Dept. of Health Administration | Contact | News | Documents | Quick Links | Site Map Secretary RALPH L. ABRAHAM, M.D. Toggle navigation Aging & Adult Services Home About Us Adult Protective Services Facility-Based Programs Home & Community-Based Services Long-Term Care Systems Change Permanent Supportive Housing (PSH) Resources Behavioral Health Home Substance Use & Addictive Disorders Behavioral Health Managed Care Coordinated Crisis System CSoC Disaster Behavioral Health Response Mental Health My Choice Louisiana Opioids Developmental Disabilities Home About Us Individuals and Families For Providers Locate Services Services & Programs Critical Incident Reporting Resources Medicaid Medicaid Program Apply for Medicaid Healthy Louisiana Choose a Health Plan Medicaid Quality Initiatives Resources Provider & Plan Resources Public Health Home About Us Community and Preventive Health Operations Community Preparedness and Health Protection Vital Records Public Health Data Portal Chronic Disease Prevention & Healthcare Access Emergency Medical Services Licensing/Certification Business Permit Renewal Body Art/Cosmetics/UV Tanning EMS Licensure Export Certificates Health Standards Licensing Boards Operator Certification Product Registration Restaurant Inspections FY 2023 Business Plan Outcomes Report Louisiana 988 Helpline Medicaid Renewals Stronger immunities build stronger communities Women's Health and Community Health FY 2023 Business Plan Outcomes Report The Louisiana Department of Health has released its annual Outcomes Report detailing the results of key initiatives and policy goals for FY2023. LDH was successful in completing 91.1% of its 45 goals and 92.5% of its 253 deliverables outlined in the FY 2023 LDH business plan titled "Invest: Teaming Up for a Stronger LDH and a Healthier Louisiana". Louisiana 988 Helpline All of us need help sometimes, free of stigma. An easy call or text to the Louisiana 988 helpline ensures everyone has confidential access to quality emotional support, no matter the cause. The helpline works and helps thousands of people every day. Learn more at Louisiana988.org. Medicaid Renewals Medicaid eligibility reviews for all members will be staggered over the next year. Make sure Louisiana Medicaid has your current contact info so you receive important information about keeping your health insurance coverage! Stronger immunities build stronger communities Thanks to routine vaccines, we can maintain stronger immune systems to protect against serious and preventable diseases. Learn about immunizations and the diseases they prevent, access your vaccine records and more. Women's Health and Community Health LDH's new Office of Women's Health and Community Health (OWHCH) is dedicated to improving women's health outcomes including needs throughout a woman's life, chronic or acute conditions, access to healthcare, how poverty impacts women's health, leading causes of morbidity and mortality, and health disparities. Looking for a Specific Service or Program? Browse Our Directory Quick Links Class Action Notice - A.A. v. Abraham Fight the Flu Emergency Preparedness Workplace Violence Information State Health Assessment Dashboard COVID-19 Public Notices & Hearings Events Calendar Vital Records Human Resources Water Regulations/Inspections Abortion Alternatives & Resources Nursing Home Quality Get Help/Quit Smoking Report Fraud & Abuse Medicaid Public Comment File a Complaint/Report Abuse Rulemaking Public Records Request LDH Sexual Harassment Policy More Quick Links Recent News LDH issues health guidance following confirmed measles cases in Greater New Orleans February 22, 2024 Both individuals were unvaccinated for measles and were exposed to the virus while visiting another state. LDH confirms two measles cases in Greater New Orleans area February 21, 2024 A public health investigation has been initiated and LDH will provide additional updates as we are able to collect more information. LDH confirms 2 winter weather-related deaths January 19, 2024 Both deaths were due to hypothermia and confirmed by coroners as weather-related. Medicaid Annual Reports January 03, 2024 Annual reports from Louisiana's Medicaid program (Bureau of Health Services Financing). Louisiana Medicaid awards $922,097 to universities for 13 research projects December 27, 2023 Louisiana Department of Health, Bureau of Healthcare Financing (Medicaid), announced the 2024 Public University Partnership Program (PUPP) awards to researchers at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette (ULL), Southeastern Louisiana University (SELU), Louisiana State University-Shreveport (LSUS) and McNeese State University (MSU). RFI: Medicaid Consulting Services December 07, 2023 This RFI is issued for the purpose of gathering information, including cost projections from qualified entities who show a demonstrated capacity to provide highly specialized technical assistance and consulting services regarding the Medicaid program and related issues. The information sought includes, but is not limited to, technical assistance and consulting on Medicaid reimbursement methodologies, disproportionate share hospital (DSH) payments, provider taxes and donations, the uninsured, Medicaid waivers, Medicaid eligibility requirements, and the State Plan and the impact of various federal Medicaid rules and regulations. Annual Management and Program Analysis Report (AMPAR) December 06, 2023 The AMPAR report summarizes the activities of each agency relating to management and program analysis, outstanding accomplishments, areas of significant progress and specific management/operational issues that exist within each agency. New HIV diagnoses in Louisiana drop by 11% over five years December 01, 2023 LDH reports a decrease in new HIV cases from 964 diagnosed with HIV in 2018 to 860 diagnosed in 2022. As of June 2023, the number of individuals living with HIV in Louisiana stands at 22,920. Whole Health Louisiana State Plan provides a roadmap to become a trauma-informed state November 30, 2023 Through key priority areas of collaboration, awareness, workforce, prevention, and healing, WHL envisions a Louisiana in which children, families and communities are healthy and thriving regardless of who they are or where they live. LDH outcomes report shows important progress toward 2023 goals November 27, 2023 LDH was successful in completing 91.1% of its 45 goals and 92.5% of its 253 deliverables outlined in the FY 2023 LDH business plan titled "Invest: Teaming Up for a Stronger LDH and a Healthier Louisiana." CLICK FOR ALL DEPARTMENT NEWS Feedback Accessibility Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Mailing Address: Louisiana Department of Health | P. O. Box 629 | Baton Rouge, LA 70821-0629Physical Address: 628 N. 4th Street | Baton Rouge, LA 70802 | PHONE: 225-342-9500 | FAX: 225-342-5568 Medicaid Customer Service 1-888-342-6207 | Healthy Louisiana 1-855-229-6848 Site by Covalent Logic