Database Administrators Stack Exchange Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow, the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed answers to any questions you might have Meta Discuss the workings and policies of this site About Us Learn more about Stack Overflow the company, and our products current community Database Administrators help chat Database Administrators Meta your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. more stack exchange communities company blog Log in Sign up Home Questions Tags Users Companies Unanswered Teams Stack Overflow for Teams – Start collaborating and sharing organizational knowledge. Create a free Team Why Teams? Teams Create free Team Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Explore our questions Ask Question sql-servermysqlpostgresqloracleperformancedatabase-designsql-server-2012sql-server-2008sql-server-2008-r2replication more tags Active 1 Bountied Hot Week Month 0 votes 0 answers 3 views How to make MariaDB use all cores? mariadbinnodboptimizationparallelismmulti-thread Geremia 101 asked 7 mins ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views Getting MySql Error 'aio read' returned OS error 0 mysql-8.0 thab 1 modified 12 mins ago 1 vote 1 answer 901 views RDS Postgres - pg_stat_statements is missing queryid column postgresqlamazon-rds CommunityBot 1 modified 35 mins ago -1 votes 0 answers 31 views db design that can store very large amounts of timeseries data with little space database-design Rohit Gupta 1,604 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 2 answers 2k views How to select the most recent entry based on a field in MySQL mysqlselectquerygreatest-n-per-group CommunityBot 1 modified 1 hour ago 0 votes 0 answers 7 views What to pay attention when installing SSIS in a cluster? sql-server-2014 Racer SQL 7,394 modified 1 hour ago 1 vote 1 answer 798 views how to prevent out of shared memory error when refreshing materialized views postgresqltriggermemory CommunityBot 1 modified 2 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 21 views Review freed space after DELETE in postgres postgresqlstoragevacuum Laurenz Albe 50.6k answered 2 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 328 views Can I prevent a galera cluster node from writing gcache.page files? mysqlmariadbgalera Blax 1 answered 2 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 27 views Moving data to new partitioned table sql-serverpartitioningcolumnstore sepupic 10.8k modified 3 hours ago 1 vote 1 answer 5k views timestamp with timezone issue with TZR vs TZH:TZM oracletimestampjdbctimezonegoldengate CommunityBot 1 modified 3 hours ago 0 votes 2 answers 28 views Distinct combinations in a column over different partitions t-sqlsql-server-2022 Lennart - Slava Ukraini 23.2k modified 3 hours ago 0 votes 0 answers 24 views TSQL query for metadata statistics like granularity, number of rows, indexes, keys, like a broadened MySQL INFORMATION_SCHEMA.STATISTICS, but for TSQL sql-servert-sqlstatisticsmetadata questionto42 191 modified 4 hours ago 0 votes 1 answer 279 views The store schema does not contain the Element class SqlXmlCompressionOption sql-serverazurebacpac CommunityBot 1 modified 4 hours ago Browse more Questions Hot Network Questions How do you find out if you need a permit for a crane near a local airport in Seymore Indiana? Using the Eichler-Selberg Trace formula to compute class numbers? Abortion Debate - Should we teach abstinence to adolescents as a preventive measure of unwanted pregnancy? Can one get a liquidity premium as a retail investor? Past of へん and ちゃう: What's the difference between へんかった and へなんだ? Typesetting in different languages A pizza dilemma Is the term "dumping tours" a generic English term? Is using the shield in a CAT cable for return current a bad idea? When a bus goes around a corner, does the person sitting at the back travel further distance than the person sitting at the front? On what day does a person turn "X years and 6 months" for the purpose of driver licensing in USA states? Do 1.5% of lithium-ion batteries overheat, explode, or catch fire each year? The statistical model equivalent of this R formula ContourPolarPlot or PolarContourPlot? How easily could a pre-scientific people purify a substance and hence grow a pure crystal? Can larger antennas damage an HT radio? How to receive UDP packet with 127.0.0.0/8 dst address in userspace Do a majority of European countries accept LGBTI+ asylum seekers? Connecting lines to nearest point using QGIS How is Riddlemaster Sphinx's identifier greater than the number of cards in the set? Subjunctive question: “I’m just questioning whether or not it were” Great battles in the history of mathematics Need name of sci-fi football type story involving weapons used in play Search and replace regular expressions more hot questions Recent questions feed Subscribe to RSS Recent questions feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader. Database Administrators Tour Help Chat Contact Feedback Company Stack Overflow Teams Advertising Collectives Talent About Press Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Settings Cookie Policy Stack Exchange Network Technology Culture & recreation Life & arts Science Professional Business API Data Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Site design / logo © 2024 Stack Exchange Inc; user contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. rev 2024.3.5.5707