The Times of Northwest Indiana | Breaking News | Read Munster, IN and Indiana breaking news. Get latest news, events and information on Indiana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles. Skip to main contentSkip to main content 41° Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime Lake County Porter County LaPorte County State & Regional Education Politics Nation & World NWI Blogs News Tip Business Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Archives Sports NWI Preps Preps Scoreboard College Columnists MLB NHL MLS NBA NFL Betting Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorial Columnist Life & Entertainment Art & Theater Event Calendar Food & Cooking Movies & TV Music Contests Comics Puzzles Columns Play Home & Garden Health Parenting Pets Fashion People Travel Faith Outdoors Join the community News tip Share video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios The Times Media Company Southland Print Edition E-edition E-edition Archives Special Sections Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Homes Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local I Love A Deal Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact us Help Center Mobile Apps Weather: Live Radar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram © 2024 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Sports Opinion Life & Entertainment Jobs 41° Light Rain JOHN DOHERTY: Upon further review Teenage fitness plays role later in life. Davich: Post office closure delivers angry complaints from residents in this tiny town “For decades we were able to access our mail 24/7 at this post office, but not any more,” one USPS customer told me. “It’s become very inconvenient for everyone who lives here.” Complaint over Nicki Minaj song results in disturbance at Portage skating rink, cops say "(The woman) stated this was inappropriate for her children to be listening to, and she asked employees to change the song," police said. 2024 IndyStar Indiana Junior All-Star girls basketball teams selected Here are the selections for the 2024 IndyStar Junior All-Star girls basketball teams.The Junior All-Stars will play one game against the Kentucky Junior All-Stars June 2 at a site to be announced. The Junior All-Stars also will play one game against the Indiana All-Star senior girls June 5 a… Gallery: Recent arrests booked into LaPorte County Jail Here are recent bookings into the LaPorte County Jail. Merrillville man heads to trial in 2018 impound lot murder Bradley said he found Leake on his back with his legs crossed and blood on the upper right part of his chest. Valparaiso University considers cutting academic programs Valparaiso University is considering cutting nearly 30 undergraduate and graduate programs due to low student enrollment, the university announced on Friday. Governor signs law invalidating local bans on pet store dog sales With a few strokes of his pen , Gov. Eric Holcomb invalidated 21 ordinances banning the sale of puppies and dogs at retail pet stores as a means to combat animal abuse. Indiana Sugars buying former Majestic Star Hotel and Casino to build its headquarters at Buffington Harbor The 101-year-old company, which makes and distributes sugar nationwide, plans to build a new headquarters on the 55 acre-site on Lake Michigan. Enzo's closes after 80 years in south suburbs Enzo's, one of the most celebrated Italian beef and Italian sausage places in the south suburbs, closed this weekend after 80 years. Region man fled, but still found guilty of molesting child, prosecutor said Police said the accused had fled by the time officers arrived to the original call and he was not located. UChicago Medicine Crown Point to open in April UChicago Medicine is preparing to open its new facility at I-65 and 109th Avenue in Crown Point. Ind. 49 to close for bridge work through June, INDOT says The official detour will follow U.S. 30, U.S. 421 and Ind. 8, the state said. L-W East, L-W Central, Sandburg, Providence girls take regional titles in basketball It was a year of growing, and maybe some groaning, for many of the area basketball programs. High School Sports Extra: 3/4/24 - The Shots That Would Win a Sectional High School Sports Extra - The Shots That Would Win a Sectional. This edition of High School Sports Extra is provided in partnership with The Times, JEDtv and WJOB. Sponsored by Strack & Van Til, Midwest Express and Center for Otolaryngology & Facial Plastic Surgery, LLC. 219 News Now: Family Argument Led to Man's Homicide, Hammond Police Say Here’s your 219 News Now for March 4, 2024. Family Argument Led to Man's Homicide, Hammond Police Say. Check out these top stories and more in The Times and nwi.com. Porter County woman says stranger walked into her home, fled on ATV, cops say "(The woman) stated she noticed the male was intoxicated and had trouble standing up on her back porch," police said. Indiana authorizes candidates to use campaign funds for child care costs An advisory opinion issued by the Indiana Election Commission may open the door for more women, particularly mothers, to run for elected office. Get Healthy: Flexitarian Diet promotes veggies, plant -based options and includes animal products You want to include more vegetables, legumes and healthy fats in your diet but don't want give up meat. Become a Flexitarian. Trailblazing East Chicago newspaper publisher to be enshrined in Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame A pioneering journalist from East Chicago who started Indiana's first Spanish-language newspaper will soon be inducted into the Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame. Jury to decide if Porter County high school student recklessly killed young man "The gun fired and struck Andrew, who immediately fell to the ground. Dakota became hysterical and passed out from the shock." Davich: The words children read become the words they write: 'It's crucial for their success' National Read Across America Day, held each year on Dr. Seuss's birthday, reminds children that reading and writing go together like a Chromebook and a charger. Column: Spring training rekindles friendships and memories of those who have loved the game MESA, Ariz. — Spring training for writers is a perfect time to refresh the batteries, rekindle old friendships and retell stories of baseball characters that made our jobs easier. Fiery Chicago Cubs manager Lou Piniella. Utilityman and professional troublemaker Tony Phillips. Legendary scout… Gallery: Recent arrests booked into Lake County Jail Here are the recent bookings by the Lake County Sheriff's Department. NWI Business Ins and Outs: BuffaLouie's, Wingstop, Katie Rose Boutique, Harbor Freight Tools, EC Cafe & Restaurant and Fitness Premier 24/7 Clubs opening NWI Business Ins and Outs: BuffaLouie's, Wingstop, Katie Rose Boutique, Harbor Freight Tools, EC Cafe & Restaurant and Fitness Premier 24/7 Clubs opening BASKETBALL RECAP: EC Central, Crown Point and more win sectionals Check out all the action from around the Region on sectional championship Saturday. Director from Northwest Indiana to premiere film shot in Region at South by Southwest A director from Northwest Indiana has been working for the past decade on her first full-length feature film, which she shot in the Region and will soon premiere at the prestigious South by Southwest festival. Davich: 'Bald is beautiful, baby!' Really? 'Everybody wants hair,' Charles Barkley says "Everybody I know who’s bald, we started going bald. We didn’t want to go bald. We just started balding.” - Charles Barkley, former NBA superstar Jack Svetich’s big night powers Crown Point to first sectional since 2016 It was the Jack Svetich game. EC Central downs Munster to claim sectional title on home floor Second-year EC Central coach Alaa Mroueh took a seat on his bench about a minute after the Cardinals finalized a come-from-behind 56-52 Class 4A Sectional 1 title win against Munster, turned his head to the floor and buried his face in his hands. Tears filled his eyes. Recommended For You Gallery: Recent arrests booked into Lake County Jail NWI Business Ins and Outs: BuffaLouie's, Wingstop, Katie Rose Boutique, Harbor Freight Tools, EC Cafe & Restaurant and Fitness Premier 24/7 Clubs opening Indiana Sugars buying former Majestic Star Hotel and Casino to build its headquarters at Buffington Harbor The Latest Great Lakes Sports Hub nurtures youth from Region and beyond 219 News Now 3/5/2024 Video provided in partnership with The Times, JEDtv and WJOB. Sponsored by Strack & Van Til. Lawmakers mandate budget oversight of Lake County tourism agency The General Assembly has approved legislation requiring the South Shore Convention and Visitors Authority annually submit its budget for review by the Lake County Council. Northwest Indiana homes for big families Northwest Indiana homes with at least five bedrooms. Interact With Us High School Sports Extra: 3/4/24 - The Shots That Would Win a Sectional High School Sports Extra - The Shots That Would Win a Sectional. This edition of High School Sports Extra is provided in partnership with The Times, JEDtv and WJOB. Sponsored by Strack & Van Til, Midwest Express and Center for Otolaryngology & Facial Plastic Surgery, LLC. 219 News Now: Family Argument Led to Man's Homicide, Hammond Police Say Here’s your 219 News Now for March 4, 2024. Family Argument Led to Man's Homicide, Hammond Police Say. Check out these top stories and more in The Times and nwi.com. Get Healthy: Flexitarian Diet promotes veggies, plant -based options and includes animal products You want to include more vegetables, legumes and healthy fats in your diet but don't want give up meat. Become a Flexitarian. 219 News Now: Check out the weekend forecast with Zoe Mintz 03/01/24 Check out the 219 News Now weekend forecast with Zoe Mintz for 03/01/24. Sponsored by Strack & Van Til. Weekend weather sponsored by NIPSCO. Latest Video Great Lakes Sports Hub nurtures youth from Region and beyond 219 News Now 3/5/2024 Broncos Cut Ties with Russell Wilson, Disappointing Era Ends Supreme Court overturns Colorado ruling, allowing Trump to appear on 2024 ballot Sports Boys Prep Basketball Playoff Pairings 2024 Boys basketball playoff pairings 2024 Local college results from Monday, March 4, and Sunday, March 3, 2024 Local college results from Monday, March 4, and Sunday, March 3, 2024 Check out prep results from Saturday, March 2, 2024 Coaches may report scores by email to: MUNSports@lee.net. Duke vs. NC State odds, preview, picks & best North Carolina betting apps - March 2024 Check out our preview for Duke vs. North Caolina State along with several North Carolina sportsbook bonuses being offered during pre-launch up until March 11 when betting goes live. Listen Now Podcasts Super Tuesday contests could solidify rematch; Broncos will release Russell Wilson; EU fines Apple nearly $2 billion | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. What weather disrupts air travel the most? | Across the Sky podcast It's common for flights to be delayed due to thunderstorms and winter storms. But what other events can lead to problems? Learn more on Across the Sky! Supreme Court could rule on Trump case; poll reveals concerns over Biden's age; Caitlin Clark tops Pistol Pete | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international, sports and entertainment news on our daily podcast. 'Queens' offers a different perspective in the world of wildlife documentaries | Streamed & Screened podcast "Queens" isn't the typical wildlife documentary from National Geographic. Learn more on the latest episode of Streamed & Screened. Life & Entertainment Ed Perkins on Travel: Rental cars glitches update Over the years I've been looking at travel, no topic seems to generate more traveler confusion than rental car insurance. So, as a follow-up to my recent rental car update, here's a closer look at today's challenges. Rick Steves’ Europe: In the Swiss Alps, nature rules I learned to respect the power of nature in the shadow of the Switzerland's towering Jungfrau, just south of Interlaken in the Lauterbrunnen Valley. Go away with ... Raymond Lee For “Quantum Leap” star Raymond Lee, acting came about in a circuitous way. “I dropped out of high school, I landed at a community college and I haphazardly took an acting course and I liked it,” Lee said in a Zoom interview from his Los Angeles home. “Then I graduated from a community college, went to a state university and I somehow managed to get a theater degree. And here I am passing as a doctor.” But throughout all the lean years, he had the support of his mother – who had been an actress in South Korea. A rarity for Asian American talent, Lee has top billing on NBC’s popular sci-fi series. He stays in touch with fans on Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/raymomomo). Local Events Affiliate Contributor Indiana emerges as 15th riskiest state for truck drivers Contributor Content. Indiana's highways serve as pathways that facilitate the flow of commerce and connections not only within the state but also across its borders. Sponsored The fight against disease is taking shape on this Indiana campus Content by Valparaiso University. Valpo students are taking the first steps towards finding new medications to fight bacteria and fungi. Sponsored Clearing the air: How to manage seasonal allergies Content by Midwest Express Clinic. Find out how you can effectively manage seasonal allergy symptoms with these helpful tips. Sponsored Attention all mothers interested in winning a day of celebration at the Four Seasons, Chicago or a gift basket! Content by Jewel-Osco. Jewel-Osco, in collaboration with Huggies, is presenting an extraordinary MOMentous Event to honor mothers during the week of Mother’s Day. Local Businesses Joshua James- Schutte Foundation 7138 Starling Drive, Schererville, IN 46375 Tiger Lily Cafe 1505 S Calumet Rd Ste 5, Chesterton, IN 46304 Connie's Classy Cuts 2544 Portage Mall, Portage, IN 46368 Print Ads Ads THE TIMES-MARCH PFP Other Best of 2024 Other March Order Ads THE TIMES-MARCH PFP Ads May 2023 Funeral Directory Other February Print & NWI.com Ads QP PFP MUN cns Other March 2024 Edison Other Best of the Region Print ads Govt Community Crown Point Community Foundation × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Subscribe to The Times About Us Contact Us Legal Notices Newspaper Archives Sites & Partners Get Healthy Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report The Times Media Company Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features IN Business Southland Services Manage Your Subscription E-edition Send a News Tip Donation Request Work here RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up Submit an Event Submit a Celebration Become a Carrier Dealer Returns Licensing © Copyright 2024 The Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN 46321 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com. Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics News Alerts Subscribe Breaking News Subscribe Crime Subscribe Entertainment & Dining Subscribe Latest News Subscribe Local Sports Subscribe NWI Prep Sport News Subscribe Weather Alerts Subscribe