The University of Texas at Austin Skip to main content The University of Texas at Austin Menu Header Helpful LinksCurrent Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Families & Visitors Search Search Maps Directory UT Direct Give Apply Search Search About Academics Academic Experience Areas of Study Extended Campus Cockrell School of Engineering College of Education College of Fine Arts College of Liberal Arts College of Natural Sciences College of Pharmacy Dell Medical School Graduate School Jackson School of Geosciences LBJ School of Public Affairs McCombs School of Business Moody College of Communication School of Architecture School of Civic Leadership School of Information School of Law School of Nursing Steve Hicks School of Social Work Undergraduate College Admissions & Aid Be a Longhorn What Starts Here Changes the World. It's more than a motto. It’s what we prove each and every day, as Texas and its Exes advance discovery and innovation on a global stage. Join us. Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions School of Law Admissions Dell Medical School Admissions Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Campus Visits Campus & Community Explore Your Passions Thousands of events, from concerts and film screenings to readings and lectures. Hundreds of student organizations. Incredible facilities and special attractions. And it's all set in the heart of one of the world's greatest cities. Welcome home. Arts & Culture Campus Destinations Entrepreneurship & Innovation Health & Well-being Housing & Dining Life in Austin Medical Center Report Misconduct Safety & Security Student Involvement Research Change the World Longhorns are passionate about making the world a better place, united by the belief that creating and sharing knowledge can save lives and transform society. Come explore our vast research enterprise — or better yet, create, innovate and discover with us. Overview Student Research Units & Centers Off-Campus Research Sites Libraries Experts Guide Athletics News What starts here changes the world Pause button Pause button UT Activation at SXSW Will Feature 5 Panels, Live Music and More Top-Ranked Again, UT Marks Two Decades of Supporting Fulbright Students UT Launches ‘Year of AI’ Faculty Recruitment Initiative UT News Texas Today Calendar UT's Strategic Plan IMPACT AS BIG AS TEXAS What starts here changes the world. What starts here can be a new idea in the mind of a single student. What starts here can be a work of art that enriches lives or a discovery that saves them. What starts here can be a new way of doing things, a new perspective on a global challenge. What starts here changes the world. Join Longhorn Nation A big-time collegiate experience at the No. 1 public university in Texas. A top-40 world university. One of the top cities in America to live in. More than 170 fields of study and a sky-high alumni-success rate. Longhorn students are having an impact on the world as entrepreneurs and leaders in the community, doing real research and innovating new solutions to important problems. This culture of achievement has led to student success across the Forty Acres and beyond with Longhorn alumni leading in every field. Admissions 1 Public University in Texas 170 Fields of Study Teach, Discover, Lead The Texas faculty is united by a desire for impact — both on students and in their fields. For 140 years, UT Austin has provided first-class education and world-class research. Attracting the top talent from around the globe, we value a culture of learning, discovery, freedom, leadership, individual opportunity and responsibility to transform lives and society. Living in Austin’s not bad either. UT’s faculty includes numerous MacArthur, Guggenheim and Carnegie fellows, more than 125 members of national academies, and other winners of globally important prizes such as the Nobel, Pulitzer and Edison. Texas also has a long history of welcoming visiting professors and lecturers to enrich the student experience, from Barbara Jordan to Karl Rove and Matthew McConaughey to Kendra Scott. Faculty Careers 1201 U.S. & INTERNATIONALPATENTS past 10 years 7198 EXTERNALLY SPONSORED PROJECTS 796 AWARDED IN SPONSORED PROJECTS 796 million dollars Connect with Austin Austin is booming, and UT is at the heart of its innovation ecosystem. UT research is a key reason the Austin area is home to Dell, Apple, Google, Tesla and other technology giants. Its vibrant campus — both historic and state-of-the-art — is at the crossroads of technology, the arts, business, medicine, sports and entertainment, and thought leadership of all kinds. Cultural mega-events like South by Southwest and the Austin City Limits Music Festival are outgrowths of this synergy. Innovation Board UT Austin strengthens the Texas economy 8.8 8.8 billion dollars PER YEAR PARTNER WITH US To change the world, UT needs collaborators. Mission-driven foundations partner with us for impact at scale. Additionally, UT is a world-class partner and destination for our military, veterans and their families. Industries help take our innovations to market, creating win-win-win situations for themselves, our faculty and society. Discovery to Impact is the connection between campus innovators and industry. We cultivate ideas, uncover pathways to market, and foster commercial collaborations that translate academic research into services, treatments and products that benefit society. UT can help your company recruit new UT graduates, connect with faculty and research units and meet your philanthropic goals. Be a Leader. Be a Longhorn. Earn a Bachelor’s Degree Discover your possibilities with an undergraduate degree from Texas. Life at TEXAS Eating, sleeping, working, playing. What is life like at Texas’ premier university? Tuition and Costs Get a world-class education at an affordable cost. Visit TEXAS Everything you need for a successful campus visit. Earn a Graduate Degree Come to Texas a grad student. Leave an international expert. Join a Community UT strives to create a community that fosters an open and supportive learning, teaching, and working environment. Our strength as a university draws from our wide range of perspectives and experiences. Search for Faculty Jobs A university is only as good as its faculty, so we want the best. Explore Extended Campus Continuing and Professional Education at Texas. Search Search Connect with UT Austin Subscribe to our newsletter Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Starts With You Footer Helpful Links Access Course Syllabi and Instructor CVs Campus Carry Contact Counseling and Mental Health Disability Resources Emergency Information Fraud, Waste, or Abuse Hazing Prevention and Response HEERF/CARES Act Compliance Jobs Online Institutional Resumes Public Forum On Campus Site Policies State of Texas Statewide Search Texas Homeland Security Texas Veterans Portal Title IX Reporting (Sexual Misconduct) UT System Web Accessibility Policy Web Privacy Policy © The University of Texas at Austin 2024