McSweeney’s Internet Tendency Search Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate McSweeney’s Internet Tendency Daily humor almost every day since 1998. Daily humor almost every day since 1998. McSWEENEY'S INTERNET TENDENCY'S PATREON Help support our writers and keep our site ad-free. Become a McSweeney’s Internet Tendency patron today. Our Latest Post The Supreme Court Rules You Cannot “Stop Hitting Yourself, Stop Hitting Yourself” “It’s not our responsibility to be moral, empathetic, or even logical; it’s our sovereign responsibility to continue calcifying antiquated, fundamentally flawed laws. That, and not biting the hand that feeds us.” by Andrew Paul FAQ’s About Our Extremely Confusing and Unhelpful Sizing Guide “Our shirt sizes range from XS to M, our pant sizes range from 00 to 6, and our dresses and rompers are some weird combination of both. Plus sizes are available, but you must sign up for our daily newsletter to determine when they’re added to our biennial sale section.” by Emily Knapp Of Microplastics and Men George was silent. Lennie said, “George.” “Yeah?” “I ate another bad thing.” “Lemme guess, chicken nuggets.” by David Henne Charles Bukowski’s Dune “Each morning I’d get up and squeeze myself into a patched-up stillsuit, ride the worm to work, and deliver the mails. It was enough to pay the rent and keep me in spice and booze.” by John K. Peck Injured by Attorney Horace McMorris? Call Attorney Horace McMorris “Personal injury attorneys with tacky billboards are a dime a dozen. But only one attorney’s got roadside advertising that’s so distracting it causes accidents: Horace McMorris. And only one attorney’s got the guts to take him on: Horace McMorris.” by J. Taylor Lee Trending February 20, 2024 Our Company Is Doing So Well That You’re All Fired by Andrew Singleton February 23, 2024 Sorry We Machines Destroyed Your Civilization in Such a Boring Way by Lillie E. Franks February 6, 2024 My Comments Are in the Google Doc Linked in the Dropbox I Sent in the Slack by Gwynna Forgham-Thrift February 14, 2024 Ten Things to Say at Your Next Meeting Instead of “To Piggyback off Your Idea” by Troy Doetch March 1, 2024 Charles Bukowski’s Dune by John K. Peck February 23, 2024 A Timeline of My Attempt to Drink a Beer on a Friday Night Before My Toddler Goes to Bed by Eddie Small Interviews, Essays, and Excerpts March 4, 2024 If They Told Me We Were Poor, I Would’ve Taken Out More Student Loans by Marcie Alvis Walker March 1, 2024 Family Tours in the Kingdom of the Sick: Oops, My Kid Has a Typo by Rebecca Saltzman February 28, 2024 Letters to Moms: A Letter to Regina George’s Mom by Kristen Mulrooney February 26, 2024 How to Give a Wedding Toast Without Annoying Hundreds of Hungry Guests by Chandler Dean February 23, 2024 Chronicles of a Catsitter: IVs and IBS by Mai Tran February 20, 2024 Been There, Smelled That: The Smellitized Smells of Disney World by Maggie Downs February 19, 2024 Chris White Answers Profound Questions About the Presidents: What Makes for the Best Presidential Legacy? by Chris White News & Announcements Behold the heroes on our Patreon Donor Wall of Fame! Visit DAVEEGGERS.NET Sign up for the McSweeney’s Newsletter. Email Address Sign Up Over in the Store “A key barometer of the literary climate.” —The New York Times Winner of the John Newbery Medal. "Here is a book that is truly for all ages, as only the best stories are." —Isaac Fitzgerald, The Today Show (author's pick) “This book is a magic trick. The kind of magic trick where you want to know how to do it so you can also write a book this good.” —Caldecott Medal winner Jon Klassen “No book I have read in years has moved me so deeply; no book has felt so full of life.” —Garth Greenwell Visit the Store Recent Posts February 29, 2024 “What School Form Did I Just Sign?”: A Game Show for Parents by Ali Solomon February 29, 2024 When a Recipe Says It’s “Quick and Easy” by JiJi Lee and Patrick Clair February 28, 2024 T. J. Eckleburg Follows Up with His Branding Agency by Simon Henriques February 28, 2024 Help! Is There a Doctor Onboard? This Novel Is Urgent and Needs Care by David Bradley Isenberg February 27, 2024 A Marketing Consultant Visits Mrs. Lovett’s Pie Shop by Tom Smyth Tendency Archive Lists Open Letters Monologues All Columns Please engage with our brand on social media. Facebook Twitter Instagram Or you may contact our customer service representative. She is a friendly human person. Email Us 849 Valencia St.SF, CA 94110 Looking for submissions?Right this way… Friends & Fellows Voice of Witness The VAD Foundation 826 Tutoring Centers ScholarMatch Transition Magazine The Organist International Alliance of Youth Writing Centers McSweeney’s is an independent nonprofit publishing company based in San Francisco. As well as operating a daily humor website, we also publish Timothy McSweeney’s Quarterly Concern, Illustoria and an ever-growing selection of books under various imprints. You can buy all of these things from our online store. You can support us today by making a donation. We are committed to our environment. Each year, we purchase carbon offsets commensurate with our estimate of the impact of the printing, shipping, and travel necessary to publish our books and magazines. We are continually working to minimize our impact on the planet by examining every business decision through a lens of sustainability. To support this effort, or to learn more, please write to executive director Amanda Uhle. Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate About Us Events Email Newsletter Advertise Store Policy Contact Us Internships Submission Guidelines Copyright © 1998–2024, McSweeney’s Literary Arts Fund.All Rights Reserved. Search Internet Tendency The Store Books Division Quarterly Concern The Believer Donate