Latest North Korea News | NK News March 06, 2024 NK Pro KCNA Watch Korea Pro News News Investigation Features Analysis & Opinion Analysis Columns Interviews Opinion Expert Surveys What If? Topics Aviation Business Companies Culture Cyber Defector Issues Economy Foreign Relations History Human Security / Human Rights Inter-Korean Leadership Military Affairs Misc. Missiles Sanctions Shipping Trade Data WMD Photos Ask A North Korean Ask A North Korean About Ask a North Korean Tools & Data NK Sanctions Tracker NK Leadership Tracker NK Company Database NK Import / Export Map NK Delegation Tracker NK Leading Indicators NK Document Repository NK Institutional Directory NK Chart Generator NK Aggregator Podcast Sign inSign up New film champions ROK’s first president, and his hardline stance on North Korea By Gabriela Bernal, March 5, 2024 Image Credit: Syngman Rhee Memorial Hall website How to decipher conflicting estimates of North Korean artillery aid to Russia By Anton Sokolin, March 1, 2024 Image Credit: KCNA (Oct. 10, 2022) Tracing the journey of North Korea’s first tourists in years — in photos By Joe Smith, March 1, 2024 Image Credit: @k0gali via Instagram (Feb. 15, 2024) Podcasts How a ‘new Cold War’ is making North Korea more risk-averse – Ep. 331 News News Investigation Features Analysis & Opinion Analysis Columns Interviews Opinion Expert Surveys What If? Topics Aviation Business Companies Culture Cyber Defector Issues Economy Foreign Relations History Human Security / Human Rights Inter-Korean Leadership Military Affairs Misc. Missiles Sanctions Shipping Trade Data WMD Photos Ask A North Korean Ask A North Korean About Ask a North Korean Tools & Data NK Sanctions Tracker NK Leadership Tracker NK Company Database NK Import / Export Map NK Delegation Tracker NK Leading Indicators NK Document Repository NK Institutional Directory NK Chart Generator NK Aggregator Podcast Sign inSign up Recent Stories North Korea says soldiers are too busy to respond to ‘provocative’ US-ROK drills DPRK statement refers to mobilization of army for construction to lower tensions and seem more responsible, experts say Jeongmin Kim | Lina Park March 5, 2024 Related Coverage US, ROK kick off military drills on ‘neutralizing’ North Korean nuke threats Get the Daily Update Start your day with the North Korea stories that matter most – as selected by And how should we address you in correspondence? Complete Sign Up One more step!Please check your inbox, for an email we just sent you, and click on the confirmation message in it to get subscribed to our Daily News Update. More News All News > NK PRO North Korean hackers upload malware to popular open-source software repository Shreyas ReddyMar 05, 2024 Soccer association sends inspectors to North Korea ahead of World Cup qualifier Joe SmithMar 05, 2024 North Korean hackers stole designs from South Korean semiconductor firms: Seoul Shreyas ReddyMar 04, 2024 North Korea ranks among world’s most repressive nations in global freedom index Lina ParkMar 04, 2024 North Korea celebrates Kim Jong Un’s Hanoi trip, but not his summit with Trump Joe Smith | Joon Ha ParkMar 04, 2024 NK PRO North Korea preps for major construction near Wonsan Kalma beach resort: Imagery Colin ZwirkoMar 04, 2024 NK PRO North Korea renovated major concentration camp during pandemic, imagery shows Ifang Bremer | Jacob BogleMar 01, 2024 Seoul denying requests to contact North Korea about aid shipments, NGOs say Ifang BremerMar 01, 2024 All News > Analysis, Opinion & More NK PROShoddy construction raises questions about Kim Jong Un’s new ‘rural revolution’Five-year-old apartments already deteriorating in town where North Korea launched new project, state media revealsColin ZwirkoMar 06, 2024 North Korea’s new unification stance deals another blow to separated familiesNew policy declaring South Korea an enemy makes reuniting aging relatives tougher, but families still hold out hopeLina ParkMar 05, 2024 More Analysis, Opinions & Investigations > Trending Podcasts All Podcasts > How a ‘new Cold War’ is making North Korea more risk-averse – Ep. 331 Professor Ruediger Frank discusses why the DPRK is closing embassies but may not actually have abandoned reunification Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. What Kim Jong Un’s appearances can tell us about the DPRK regime – Ep. 330 Researcher Martin Weiser discusses his work tracking North Korean officials, Kim Jong Un’s daughter and more Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. Analyzing the US-ROK alliance’s impact on North Korea’s policies – Ep. 329 Korea Economic Institute of America’s new president discusses his role assessing inter-Korean relations and latest book Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. How North Korea started spat between Moscow and Seoul – Ep. 328 The NK News team talks back and forth between Russia and ROK, the DPRK’s expanded coastal fencing and a new luxury mall Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. Has Kim Jong Un really made a strategic decision to go to war? – Ep. 327 Robert Carlin and Siegfried Hecker discuss their viral article on North Korea’s war rhetoric and respond to skeptics Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. Covering North Korea and Kim Jong Un’s elite female entourage – Ep. 326 Journalist Chun Sujin discusses her experiences writing about the DPRK and her book on powerful women in the country Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin. All Podcasts > Get Behind The Headlines New film champions ROK’s first president, and his hardline stance on North Korea‘Birth of Korea’ offers revisionist take of Rhee Syngman, winning conservative fans but misconstruing historyGabriela BernalMar 05, 2024 NK PRONorth Korea in February 2024: A month in review and what’s aheadAn analytical look at the main developments from February 1, 2024 to February 29, 2024NK ProMar 01, 2024 NK PROTimeline: From North Korean threats against South to soccer defeat to JapanNK Pro timeline charts the key events from February 1 to February 29, 2024NK ProMar 01, 2024 How to decipher conflicting estimates of North Korean artillery aid to RussiaExpert says South Korean figure of 3M shells is likely exaggerated but that DPRK help gives Moscow ‘breathing room’Anton SokolinMar 01, 2024 Tracing the journey of North Korea’s first tourists in years — in photosRussian visitors offer glimpse of long-isolated DPRK following a four-day trip to the capital and east coast ski resortJoe SmithMar 01, 2024 NK PROState media review: Drought forecast raises risks to North Korean food securityAn in-depth analysis of weather warnings, a new tourism city, Chongryon’s support for soccer team and more Seung-Yeon ChungFeb 29, 2024 NK PRORussian ship rejoins North Korea weapons trade, only for operation to go on holdVessels linked to alleged arms shipments have not appeared at ports in recent weeks, possibly due to production issuesAnton Sokolin | Colin ZwirkoFeb 29, 2024 Ask A North Korean: What games do children play in North Korea?A defector writes about the popularity of card, board and smartphone games and why he used to love flying kitesJoshua KimFeb 29, 2024 Loading more stories And how should we address you in correspondence? About Contact Opportunities FAQ Mobile Apps Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions T&C © 2024, Korea Risk Group (NK Consulting Inc.). All Rights Reserved Specialist news and analysis, research tools, and unique data sets PLEASE USE A DIFFERENT WEB BROWSER Internet Explorer is not compatible with this website. We instead recommend using Chrome, Edge, Firefox or Safari. Why are we not supporting Internet Explorer? Microsoft ceased supporting IE 10 and older in 2016. In addition, Microsoft cyber-security chief Chris Jackson has been urging users to stop using the browser since February 2019. × The authoritative, independent source for news, opinion and analysis on North Korea Join the influential community of members who rely on NK News original news and in-depth reporting Learn More Sign in to NK News Enter your details below Email Address Password This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? SIGN UP × The authoritative, independent source for news, opinion and analysis on North Korea Join the influential community of members who rely on NK News original news and in-depth reporting Learn More Already have an account? SIGN IN × The authoritative, independent source for news, opinion and analysis on North Korea Join the influential community of members who rely on NK News original news and in-depth reporting Learn More Forgot Password Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Email Address This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send Email Don't have an account? SIGN UP × Get the Daily Update Start your day with the North Korea stories that matter most – as selected by And how should we address you in correspondence? Complete Sign Up