EmailOctopus – Email marketing made easy EmailOctopus logo EmailOctopus logo Why EmailOctopus? Features Customers Savings calculator About us How we give back Pricing Resources Blog Guide to email marketing Knowledge base Sign in Sign up Email marketing made easy Simple, powerful tools to grow your business. Easy to use, quick to master and all at an affordable price. Email address Start for free today Wow your subscribers Customise our templates or build your own with the drag and drop editor. Camilla and the Popbitch team use EmailOctopus to serve the latest celebrity gossip to their 300,000 subscribers. Read case study Get the right messages to the right people Use data and insights to segment your list and personalise your emails. Explore segmentation The targeting feature gives us the ability to create variable content for our different users. Matt Deegan, British Podcast Awards Grow your audience Import existing subscribers and keep growing with customisable forms for your website. Or create stunning landing pages to capture more subscribers. Explore landing pages and forms EmailOctopus has allowed us to grow our email list without spending a fortune. Camilla Westergaard, Folksy Welcome new subscribers automatically Create email sequences to engage your subscribers from the minute they join your list. Explore automation Automated workflows help us set up great onboarding emails for new joiners. Qaunain Meghjee, Level39 Friendly support to help you every step of the way Our team are always on hand to help – from getting you started to making the most of your email campaigns. Magdalena, Customer Success Manager Over 79,000 companies and organisations use EmailOctopus to grow Start for free today Sign up and send your first campaign in minutes. No credit card required. Get started Company Company About us How we give back Features Pricing Savings calculator Help us grow Contact us Resources Resources Blog Guide to email marketing Knowledge base Free email templates Affiliate program Rewards program API Designed for you Designed for you Customer case studies Integrations Mailchimp alternative ConvertKit alternative For bloggers For ecommerce Show more... Amazon SES email marketing AWeber alternative Campaign Monitor alternative Constant Contact alternative GetResponse alternative MailerLite alternative Sendy alternative For affiliates For authors For charities For cryptocurrency For indie hackers For the music industry For newsletters For real estate For schools For small businesses For Web3 Alternatives to Brevo Email guide for charities Show less... Legal Legal Terms of use Acceptable use policy Privacy policy Cookie policy GDPR Trending on our blog Benefits of welcome emails, why and where you should be using them EmailOctopus is a product of Three Hearts Digital Ltd, 86-90 Paul Street, London, EC2A 4NE, UK © 2024