Brennan Center for Justice Skip Navigation Search Search Suggested Results See All Search Results EnglishEspañol Donate Subscribe to Our Newsletter Close Stay up to date Informed citizens are our democracy’s best defense. First Name Last Name Email Address Zip Code Comments We respect your privacy. Facebook X Youtube Instagram Main navigation Issues The Brennan Center works to reform and defend our country’s systems of democracy and justice. Ensure Every American Can Vote Defend Our Elections Gerrymandering & Fair Representation Reform Money in Politics Strengthen Our Courts End Mass Incarceration Protect Liberty & Security Bolster Checks & Balances Advance Constitutional Change See All Issues Our Work The Brennan Center crafts innovative policies and fights for them in Congress and the courts. News & Analysis Research & Reports Policy Solutions Court Cases See All Our Work Experts Get Involved The Brennan Center works to build an America that is democratic, just, and free. Here’s how you can help. Support Our Work Get Informed Attend an Event Partner With Us Take Action See All Get Involved About The Brennan Center is a nonpartisan law and policy institute, striving to uphold the values of democracy. Mission & Impact History Programs Careers Staff Board of Directors Leadership Financial & Legal Information Contact Us Brennan Center & NYU School of Law See All About Institutional Menu Header Library Press Menu Main navigation offcanvas Issues Show / hide Ensure Every American Can Vote Show / hide Voting Reform Show / hide Automatic Voter Registration Ballot Design Voting Rights Act Election Administration State Voting Laws H.R. 1: Democracy Reform Voting Rights Restoration Show / hide State Reform Disenfranchisement Laws Vote Suppression Show / hide Voter Purges The Myth of Voter Fraud Voter ID Defend Our Elections Show / hide Election Security Show / hide Voting Machines & Infrastructure Post-Election Audits Funding Election Security Election Integrity ‘Independent State Legislature Theory’ Gerrymandering & Fair Representation Show / hide Redistricting Show / hide Redistricting in 2021 Redistricting Reform Redistricting in the Courts A Fair & Accurate Census Show / hide 2020 Census Litigation Census Confidentiality The Citizenship Question Reform Money in Politics Show / hide Influence of Big Money Show / hide Super PACs & Coordination Dark Money Enforcement & the FEC Public Campaign Financing Show / hide Small Donor Public Financing Campaign Finance in New York State Campaign Finance in the Courts Show / hide Citizens United Foreign Spending Strengthen Our Courts Show / hide Promote Fair Courts Show / hide Access to the Courts Choosing State Court Judges Money in Judicial Elections Buying Time Diversity on the Bench Judicial Ethics & Recusal Assaults on the Courts SCOTUS & Federal Courts History & The Constitution End Mass Incarceration Show / hide Changing Incentives Show / hide Accountable Private Prisons Prosecutorial Reform Fees & Fines Prison and Jail Reform Cutting Jail & Prison Populations Accurate Crime Data Social & Economic Harm Protect Liberty & Security Show / hide Government Targeting of Minority Communities Show / hide Muslim Ban & Extreme Vetting Domestic Terrorism & Hate Crimes Countering Violent Extremism Privacy & Free Expression Show / hide Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Policing & Technology Social Media Show / hide Government: Social Media Surveillance Schools: Social Media Surveillance Police: Social Media Surveillance Transparency & Oversight Show / hide Rethinking Intelligence Secret Law Bolster Checks & Balances Show / hide Ethics & the Rule of Law Show / hide National Task Force on Democracy Reform & the Rule of Law Executive Power Show / hide Domestic Deployment of the Military Emergency Powers An Effective Congress Advance Constitutional Change Show / hide Electoral College Reform Equal Rights Amendment First Amendment Second Amendment Our Work Show / hide News & Analysis Research & Reports Policy Solutions Court Cases Experts Get Involved Show / hide Support Our Work Show / hide Attend the Brennan Legacy Awards Dinner Donate by Mail Planned Giving Donor Advised Funds Gifts of Stock Charitable Solicitation Disclosures Get Informed Attend an Event Partner With Us Take Action About Show / hide Mission & Impact History Show / hide Jorde Symposium Programs Careers Staff Board of Directors Leadership Financial & Legal Information Contact Us Brennan Center & NYU School of Law Facebook X Youtube Instagram EnglishEspañol Close Brennan Center for Justice logo Main navigation sticky Issues The Brennan Center works to reform and defend our country’s systems of democracy and justice. Ensure Every American Can Vote Defend Our Elections Gerrymandering & Fair Representation Reform Money in Politics Strengthen Our Courts End Mass Incarceration Protect Liberty & Security Bolster Checks & Balances Advance Constitutional Change See All Issues Our Work The Brennan Center crafts innovative policies and fights for them in Congress and the courts. News & Analysis Research & Reports Policy Solutions Court Cases See All Our Work Experts Get Involved The Brennan Center works to build an America that is democratic, just, and free. Here’s how you can help. Support Our Work Get Informed Attend an Event Partner With Us Take Action See All Get Involved About The Brennan Center is a nonpartisan law and policy institute, striving to uphold the values of democracy. Mission & Impact History Programs Careers Staff Board of Directors Leadership Financial & Legal Information Contact Us Brennan Center & NYU School of Law See All About Search Search Suggested Results See All Search Results Donate Image Democracy Growing Racial Disparities in Voter Turnout The gap is increasing nationwide, especially in counties that had been subject to federal oversight until the Supreme Court invalidated preclearance in 2013. Read More about Growing Racial Disparities in Voter Turnout Checks & Balances Founding-Era History Doesn’t Support Trump’s Immunity Claim Historians explain the anti-monarchical origins of the Constitution and the presidency. Read More about Founding-Era History Doesn’t Support Trump’s Immunity Claim ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Regulating AI Deepfakes Policymakers must prevent manipulated media from being used to undermine elections and disenfranchise voters. Read More about Regulating AI Deepfakes News and Analysis Critical thinking from Brennan Center experts. Image Analysis New Tech Accord to Fight AI Threats to 2024 Lacks Accountability for Companies Here’s a list of ways to hold tech companies to their promises. Lawrence Norden , David Evan Harris February 29, 2024 Image Analysis The Alien Enemies Act Is Outdated, Dangerous, and Ripe for Abuse Donald Trump has threatened to use the 1798 law to conduct mass deportations with little due process. Congress should repeal it. Katherine Yon Ebright February 28, 2024 Analysis Disparity Between White and Nonwhite Voter Turnout Reaches New High March 5, 2024 Coryn Grange Analysis Multiple Threats Converge to Heighten Disinformation Risks to 2024 Elections February 20, 2024 Lawrence Norden , Mekela Panditharatne , David Harris Analysis Fact-Checking Trump’s Speech on Crime and Immigrants February 28, 2024 Michael Waldman Analysis The House Intelligence Committee Blocks Crucial Surveillance Reforms February 28, 2024 Noah Chauvin Analysis Hostility and Abuse Threaten to Undermine Gains in Representative Democracy February 27, 2024 Grady Yuthok Short , Maya Kornberg More News & Analysis Defend Democracy. Reform Justice. Protect the Constitution. Ensure Every American Can Vote Defend Our Elections Gerrymandering & Fair Representation Reform Money in Politics Strengthen Our Courts End Mass Incarceration Protect Liberty & Security Bolster Checks & Balances Advance Constitutional Change The Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law works to build an America that is democratic, just, and free. See All Issues Image Play video Democracy State & Local Officeholders Under Attack Elected officials are facing an alarming amount of harassment, threats, and other abuse that interferes with their work. Read the Report Solutions Innovative reforms to protect our democracy. How States Can Prevent Election Subversion in 2024 and Beyond Image State legislators, local administrators, and advocates must strengthen and clarify election processes, preempt disinformation, and enact stronger measures against intimidation. A Proposal to Reduce Unnecessary Incarceration Image For decades, the federal government used its grant-making power to spur states to incarcerate more people and to impose longer sentences. It should now use that power to reverse course. Guns and Voting Image To ensure that elections remain peaceful, states must ban guns at places where votes are cast and counted and enact stronger anti-intimidation laws. Safeguarding Science in State Agencies Image Officials too often distort research for political gain. Legislatures and agencies can push back by establishing standards for evidence-based policymaking, protections for scientists, and executive branch watchdogs. View our solutions Upcoming Events Virtual event Wednesday, March 20, 2024 The Missing Constitutional Right Speakers: Richard L. Hasen, Wilfred U. Codrington III New York Thursday, March 28, 2024 Decoding the Trump Indictments Speakers: Melissa Murray, Andrew Weissmann, Michael Waldman Quotable One of the biggest redistricting stories this decade is how competition is being sucked out of our elections. Michael Li Senior Counsel Originally Quoted In The Washington Post: “No, Republicans Aren’t Hammering Democrats in Redistricti… From the Brennan Center Redistricting: A Mid-Cycle Assessment Image Projects Introducing the Historians Council on the Constitution The Brennan Center has convened a council of 18 expert historians from leading institutions nationwide to change the national legal conversation on history and the Constitution. Learn More Join the fight for democracy We can change the system when we work together. Let’s make sure all our voices count. More Ways to Give Donation Amount $25 $50 $75 $200 Donation Type One Time Monthly Donate Image Books Taking on the Supreme Court The Court’s hard-right turn is wreaking havoc on democracy. Read more Stay up to date Informed citizens are democracy’s best defense First Name Last Name Email Address Zip Code Comments We respect your privacy. Main navigation Issues Ensure Every American Can Vote Defend Our Elections Gerrymandering & Fair Representation Reform Money in Politics Strengthen Our Courts End Mass Incarceration Protect Liberty & Security Bolster Checks & Balances Advance Constitutional Change Our Work News & Analysis Research & Reports Policy Solutions Court Cases Experts Get Involved Support Our Work Get Informed Attend an Event Partner With Us Take Action About Mission & Impact History Programs Careers Staff Board of Directors Leadership Financial & Legal Information Contact Us Brennan Center & NYU School of Law Institutional Menu Footer Library Press Facebook X Youtube Instagram Threads TikTok Substack LinkedIn New York Office 120 Broadway Suite 1750 New York, NY 10271 Washington DC Office 1140 Connecticut Ave., NW 11th Floor, Suite 1150 Washington, D.C. 20036 © 2024 Brennan Center for Justice at NYU Law Privacy Policy Accessibility