Department for Education - GOV.UK Cookies on GOV.UK We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. You have accepted additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. You have rejected additional cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Accept additional cookies Reject additional cookies View cookies Hide this message Skip to main content GOV.UK Navigation menu Menu Menu Search GOV.UK × Search GOV.UK Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments Departments, agencies and public bodies News News stories, speeches, letters and notices Guidance and regulation Detailed guidance, regulations and rules Research and statistics Reports, analysis and official statistics Policy papers and consultations Consultations and strategy Transparency Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports Search Search GOV.UK Search Popular on GOV.UK Get support with the cost of living Find out about the Energy Bills Support Scheme Find a job Universal Credit account: sign in Check your National Insurance record Check MOT history of a vehicle Home Organisations Department for Education Department for Education Schools: statutory guidance Get into teaching School and college performance data Get information about schools Early years and childcare: guidance for providers View schools national funding formula allocations Featured New regulations for schools in next stage of attendance drive 29 February 2024 — Press release Every state school in England will now share their daily attendance registers across the education sector. Government launches crackdown on mobile phones in schools 19 February 2024 — Press release Schools will receive new guidance on prohibiting mobile phone use during the school day. New teaching apprenticeship set to transform pathway to classroom 4 February 2024 — Press release New teacher degree apprenticeship will support schools to recruit and retain the excellent teachers they need in vital subjects including maths. Gender questioning children: draft schools and colleges guidance 19 December 2023 — Open consultation We’re seeking your views on our draft non-statutory guidance for schools and colleges about children questioning their gender. A world-class education system: The Advanced British Standard 14 December 2023 — Open consultation We are seeking views to help us to develop our approach for the Advanced British Standard (ABS). Apply for free school meals Campaign Check if your child can get free school meals in England and find out how to apply on your local authority’s website. Latest from the Department for Education Elective home education: Autumn term 2024 5 March 2024 Children missing education: Autumn term 2024 5 March 2024 Pupil attendance in schools 5 March 2024 See all latest documents Subscriptions Get emails What we do The Department for Education is responsible for children’s services and education, including early years, schools, higher and further education policy, apprenticeships and wider skills in England. DfE is a ministerial department, supported by 18 agencies and public bodies. Read more about what we do Follow us The following links open in a new tab Follow on DfE on Facebook (opens in new tab) Follow on DfE on Twitter (opens in new tab) Follow on DfE on Instagram (opens in new tab) Follow on Newsletter for teachers (opens in new tab) Follow on Education Hub (opens in new tab) Documents Services Sign in to your childcare account School term and holiday dates See all services Guidance and regulation Find a Skills Bootcamp 29 February 2024 Manual Early years foundation stage (EYFS) statutory framework 19 January 2024 Statutory guidance See all guidance and regulation News and communications New regulations for schools in next stage of attendance drive 29 February 2024 Press release Annual Apprenticeship Conference 2024 speech 27 February 2024 Speech See all news and communications Research and statistics Working lives of teachers and leaders – wave 2 29 February 2024 Research and analysis Developing a method for obtaining pupil insight for building in use reviews 29 February 2024 Research and analysis See all research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Evidence to the STRB: 2024 pay award for teachers and leaders 29 February 2024 Policy paper Lifelong Learning Entitlement (LLE): overview 28 February 2024 Policy paper See all policy papers and consultations Transparency and freedom of information releases Higher education providers with T Levels in entry requirements 4 March 2024 Transparency data Condition improvement fund: 2015 to 2016 outcome 29 February 2024 Transparency data See all transparency and freedom of information releases Our ministers The Rt Hon Gillian Keegan MP Secretary of State for Education The Rt Hon Robert Halfon MP Minister of State (Minister for Skills, Apprenticeships and Higher Education) The Rt Hon Damian Hinds MP Minister of State (Minister of State for Schools) David Johnston OBE MP Parliamentary Under Secretary of State (Minister for Children, Families and Wellbeing) Baroness Barran MBE Parliamentary Under Secretary of State (Minister for the School System and Student Finance) Unpaid Our management Susan Acland-Hood Permanent Secretary Juliet Chua CB Director General, Schools Jane Cunliffe Chief Operating Officer John Edwards Director General, Regions Group Tony Foot Director General, Strategy Julia Kinniburgh Director General, Skills Justin Russell Director General, Families Richard Pennycook Lead non-executive board member and non-executive board member with responsibility for the Union Sir Peter Bazalgette Non-executive board member Jack Boyer OBE Non-executive board member Stuart McMinnies Non-executive board member Toby Peyton-Jones Non-executive board member Contact DfE General enquiries Contact: General enquiries Telephone 0370 000 2288 If you have a query about reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete (RAAC) in education settings, see our guidance. You can also contact our general enquiries line.Opening times:Monday to Friday: 9.30am to 5pm (excluding bank holidays) Data collections helpdesk Contact: Data collections helpdesk For queries relating to school data collections or any of the following systems: S2S, ASP, GIAP, GIAS or COLLECT. Preventing extremism in education settings Email counter.extremism@education.gov.uk Contact: Preventing extremism in education settings Telephone 020 7340 7264 Opening timesMonday to Friday from 11am to 3pm (excluding bank holidays)You can report concerns about extremism related to education settings in England, including allegations about institutions, staff and external people or organisations trying to influence settings. Media enquiries Central newsdesk 020 7783 8300 Enquiry line for journalists only. Make an FOI request Read about the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act and how to make a request. Check our previous releases to see if we’ve already answered your question. Make a new request by contacting us using the details below. Freedom of information (FOI) requests Department for EducationPiccadilly GateStore Street Manchester M1 2WDUnited Kingdom FOI contact form Telephone 0370 000 2288 Please note, we receive a large volume of requests asking for lists of contact details for schools, which are available from our 'Get information about schools' service (https://get-information-schools.service.gov.uk/) High profile groups within DfE Further Education Commissioner Regional Department for Education (DfE) Directors UK Council for Internet Safety Corporate information Our organisation chart Our energy use Modern slavery statement Accessible documents policy Equality and diversity Media enquiries Complaints procedure Research at DfE Statistics at DfE Our governance Jobs and contracts Working for DfE Procurement at DfE Jobs Read about the types of information we routinely publish in our Publication scheme. Our Personal information charter explains how we treat your personal information. Read our policy on Social media use. Is this page useful? Maybe Yes this page is useful No this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel Services and information Benefits Births, death, marriages and care Business and self-employed Childcare and parenting Citizenship and living in the UK Crime, justice and the law Disabled people Driving and transport Education and learning Employing people Environment and countryside Housing and local services Money and tax Passports, travel and living abroad Visas and immigration Working, jobs and pensions Government activity Departments News Guidance and regulation Research and statistics Policy papers and consultations Transparency How government works Get involved Support links Help Privacy Cookies Accessibility statement Contact Terms and conditions Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg Government Digital Service All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated © Crown copyright