Uncrate Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Body Etc Search 0 Uncrate.com 0 shop.Uncrate.com 0 Uncrate.tv 0 @uncrate Instagram Twitter Youtube Facebook Tumblr Search Follow @uncrate Instagram Twitter Youtube Facebook Tumblr Uncrate.com 0 shop.Uncrate.com 0 Uncrate.tv 0 Language: English Español Français Deutsche 日本語 中文 Search Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Body Etc Shop Magazine iPhone App Android App Everyday Carry Stash Enlist Updated on March 4, 2024 at 19:00 Cars / Modern Cars Karma Gyesera EV Karma's first four-door EV will be the Gyesera, based on the original Fisker Karma. Read More or Learn More From Karma Supply / Shoes Norda 001 Cinder Trail Shoes Norda's tough 001 combines a nearly-indestructible Dyneema upper with a Vibram-developed lower half. $285. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Cars / SUVs & Trucks Bowler 2024 Defender Rally Series SUV Buy a specially prepared Bowler Defender and compete in a 7-race rally series across the UK. $149,000. Read More or Learn More From Bowler Supply / Men's Clothing / Sale / Shoes Clarks Wallabees The footwear icon, back in stock in 4 classic colors. $160. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Style / Garb Garb: Daily The tactile feel and unique smell of print is alive in this well-read, subdued black and tan outfit. Shop Items Now Advertise Here Featured Gear Bombas Reflec-Tec Calf Socks Sometimes after dark is the only time available to get a little activity in. These socks from Bombas ensure that you stay visible and thus safe. They're made with 360° light-reflecting yarns, as well as sweat-wicking fabrics and breathable vents to keep feet comfortable during strenuous activity. A seamless toe, a Y-shaped heel, strategic cushioning, and honeycomb arch support help add to the comfort, while stay-up technology means you don't have to break stride for mid-activity adjustments. As with all Bombas purchases, for every pair sold, one will be donated to those in need. Presented by Bombas. Buy From Bombas Featured Gear Raised by Society Tech Cap From morning hikes to coffee runs, the Raised by Society Tech Cap protects you from the elements. It's made from a quick-drying, water-repellant material that wicks away rain and sweat. The lightweight and breathable fabric is antibacterial to ensure it stays fresh while keeping you cool and comfortable during your daily activities. Finished with tonal branding on the back, the minimalist hat comes in four colors that can easily transition from sweats to suits. Presented by Raised by Society. Buy From Raised by Society Supply / Watches Wolf x Analog Shift EDC Watch Tray Wolf teams with Analog Shift on a 1970s-style cork tray meant to store extra watch straps. $99. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Cars / SUVs & Trucks 2024 KRUG Project Rhino XL Expedition Truck Krug Expedition adds the even larger Rhino XL to its Rhino line of rugged expedition vehicles. $390,000. Read More or Learn More From Krug Supply / Gear & Tools Wavian Stainless Steel Water Can Made from 304-grade stainless steel, this non-toxic jerry can holds 20 liters of water. $150. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Vices / Coffee VÉHICULE Reserve Kopi Luwak Cold Brew Coffee Made from pure Kopi Luwak, this German-made cold brew is the most expensive ever. $24,000. Read More or Buy From VÉHICULE For Her Red Wing Heritage Womens Classic Moc A heritage style from 1952 is updated with a lighter sole and slimmer profile for women. $310+. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Tech / Laptops Apple M3 MacBook Air Apple updates the world's most popular laptop with faster chips and improved graphics capabilities. $1,099. Read More or Buy From Apple Supply / Grooming Claus Porto Black Edition Solid Shampoo A dramatic black bar formulated with nourishing oils and cleaning bamboo charcoal powder. $32. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Partner / Luca Faloni Luca Faloni Linen Suit Crafted in Northern Italy, this pure linen suit is treated to enhance natural stretch and breathability. $1,150. Read More or Buy From Luca Faloni Advertise Here Featured Gear HP Instant Ink Subscription As America's most trusted printer brand, plenty of people rely on HP for everything from personal projects to important business documents. The new HP Instant Ink plan removes the biggest pain point for their printers: running out of ink. Using the plan, their smart printers can automatically order more ink, ensuring they never run out. The original HP replacement ink or toner is delivered at no extra cost with hassle-free delivery and recycling, and plans start at just $1.50/month for 10 pages, saving up to 50% over other options. For extra convenience, add the optional HP paper delivery. Presented by HP. Subscribe Now Featured Gear Vena Happy Place THC Drink Designed to give you a buzz without the drawbacks, Vena Happy Place delivers feel-good vibes without the alcohol. The THC drink is made with 2mg of THC and 2mg CBD, taking you on a journey of relaxation and happiness, minus the hangover that usually follows. Available in Black Cherry, Grapefruit, and Guava Passionfruit, each refreshing sip elevates your mood, and with just 40 calories, you can savor the moment guilt-free. Presented by Vena. Buy From Vena Series / Artifact The Sopranos Finale Booth The original booth from the final scene of The Sopranos is up for auction on eBay. $82,000+. Read More or Bid Now Supply / Home LEGO NEOM McLaren Formula E Race Car Race alongside the NEOM McLaren team's 2024 Formula E entry with this pull-back powered LEGO set. $50. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Supply / Shoes Red Wing Heritage Alpine Portage Moc Boots Red Wing leans into the retro vibes of its classic moc-toe boot with this dark brown leather release. $320. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Style / Garb Garb: Modular Fly under the radar in this stealth ensemble of all-black clothes and accessories. Shop Items Now Gear / Transportation Vidde Alfa Electric Snowmobile Swedish-based Vidde Mobility introduces the world's cleanest and quietest snowmobile. $28,400. Read More or Buy From Vidde Gear / Sports Oakley Edge Icon Golf Shoes Oakley embraces the technical, element-resistant nature of golf shoes with its eye-catching Edge Icon. $200. Read More or Buy From Oakley Style / Watches Braun x Hodinkee BN0279 Watches Collaboration between Braun and Hodinkee pays homage to the original AW20 and AW50. $950. Read More or Buy From Hodinkee Supply / Home Whiskey Vault Solid steel constructed vault has a bullet-proof front window with teak cabinet and holds up to 21 bottles $5,500. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Advertise Here Cars / Modern Cars Rolls-Royce Arcadia Droptail The third of Rolls-Royce's invitation-only Coachbuilt Droptails takes inspiration from the tranquil gardens and forests of Asia. Read More or Learn More From Rolls-Royce Supply / Home Seiko World's View Wall Clock Choose how you tell time around the world with this customizable six-time zone wall clock. $395. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Supply / Home LEGO Tantive IV The first starship seen in the Star Wars saga, the Tantive IV is now buildable in brick form. $80. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Partner / Peper Harow Peper Harow Luxe Sock Bundle Supima cotton socks with bold patterns add a sophisticated statement to any wardrobe. $135. Read More or Buy From Peper Harow Advertise Here Series / Artifact Bill Murray's Kingpin Red Rose Bowling Ball A unique translucent bowling ball used by Bill Murray in the 1996 comedy Kingpin is up for sale. $37,000+. Read More or Bid Now Shelter / Lodging The Place Firenze Redesigned hotel in the heart of Florence overlooks the Santa Maria Novella church. $460+. Read More or Book Now Supply / Shoes Norda 001 Ether Trail Shoes Norda's 001 trail shoes, made with Dyneema and Vibram tech, look fetching in this Ether colorway. $285. Read More or Buy From Uncrate Supply Gear / Transportation Archer Midnight eVTOL Aircraft Archer's Midnight eVTOL is designed for short 20-minute urban transportation. Read More or Learn More From Archer More Stuff Get on the Black List. Be the first to know about the newest gear, automobiles, and apparel for men. YOU’RE NOW ON THE LIST. “If James Bond were to make an app for the stuff he wanted to buy, this would be the app.” — Doug Stephens, Retail Futurist Uncrate.com Gear Style Cars Shelter Vices Etc. Uncrate.tv Latest Videos Channels Magazine Buy Issues Stockists shop.uncrate.com New Arrivals Brands Returns / Exchanges Shipping Order Status Gift Cards Affiliates Military Discount Help Elsewhere Twitter Instagram Facebook Youtube Tumblr Global Español Français Deutsche 日本語 中文 Imprint About Contact Advertise Accessibility Privacy Terms Uncrate.com shop.uncrate.com Uncrate.tv About Contact Advertise Accessibility Privacy Terms Español Français Deutsche 日本語 中文 © 2024 Uncrate LLC. All rights reserved. Independently published since 2005. All items on Uncrate are hand-chosen by editors for quality and relevance to our readers. Supply items are stocked and shipped by Uncrate. Some editorial may be sponsored or allow us to receive a commission. uncrate.com 0 Latest Gear Style Cars Tech Shelter Vices Body Etc shop.uncrate.com 0 New Arrivals Best Sellers Featured Brands Sale & Surplus Gear Clothing Shoes Home Watches Grooming Vehicles uncrate.tv 0 Latest Videos Popular Videos Video Channels Random Get Uncrate Delivered To Your Inbox & Receive 15% Off Your Next Uncrate Supply Order. Some exclusions apply. Email Address YOU'RE ALREADY ON THE LIST. Use code DOSSIER to receive 15% off almost anything. YOU’RE NOW ON THE LIST. Use code BLACKLISTED to receive 15% off almost anything. Your crate × Close Total Free shipping over $200 in the U.S. International rates at checkout. We're proud to offer a discount to Military, Nurses, and First Responders.