Believe - Serving independent artists and labels at each stage of their career and development Skip to main content EnglishFrançais Share priceBLV15.68 EUR0.18 (1.16) Main Our Activities TuneCore Believe Label & Artist Solutions Believe Artist Services Local presence About Our company Our governance Our manifesto Our Impact Newsroom Investors Careers Contact EnglishFrançais Close Face To Face With German rapper Rote Mütze Raphi Read Product Wrap Up 2023(re)Discover our in-house innovations! Watch TuneCore Accelerator report highlights Artist Development Read Our adapted solutions for artists & labels TuneCore TuneCore is the global DIY platform for independent musicians to build audiences and careers -- with technology and services across distribution, publishing administration and a range of promotional services. The company distributes music to 150+ digital store and streaming partners and pays 100 percent of earnings directly to the artists for a low annual flat fee. Label & Artist Solutions Thanks to its content distribution and marketing platform powered by a team of experts in artist development, Believe L&AS allows artists and labels to build, engage and monetise their audience on streaming, video and social media channels. Artist Services A wide-ranging roster of artists and labels spanning across all music genres: we leverage our solutions towards independent artists eager to reach local audiences as well as global success. Developing local music and talents across the worldBelieve is focused on helping local artists around the world grow their career. Our local teams are experts on their field, well connected in the local music ecosystem and passionate about the rich diversity of their local music scene. See how we’re close to local music creation Career accelerator for tomorrow’s music industryWhat Believers enjoy most is that we dare, try and learn together. And we’re always looking for new talent all over the world to be part of shaping the future of music. Interested in joining the Believers community and contributing to changing the music industry? You can find all of our current job openings on our new Careers site. You can also learn about our values and commitments, and meet the Believers who contribute to our diversity and success. Apply to our job offers worldwideOur mission is to best serve local artists and labels at each stage of their development in the digital ecosystem, with fairness, expertise, respect and transparency.We address the needs of all artists and labels equally – respecting their independence, informing their decision-making and innovating to grow their visibility, career and income.We offer a wide range of services based on cutting-edge technology, drawing on strong relationships with our key partners: artists, labels, producers, as well as digital streaming services, video & social media platforms. Footer TuneCore Label & Artist Solutions Artist Services Local presence Our company Our governance Our manifesto Newsroom Investors Careers Contact Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Instagram Legal Links © 2022 Believe Legal Ethics & Compliance Gender Equality Index Content ID Believe in Figures Contact Cookie Settings