The Tech Interactive Skip Navigation Today’s Hours: 10 a.m. – 3 p.m. Utility Navigation Tickets Donate Join Toggle Navigation Search Submit Search Search Submit Search Main Navigation Visit Visit Tickets Directions & Parking Daily Schedule Visitor FAQ Event Rentals Birthday Parties Accessibility Today at The Tech Interactive Check out up-to-date information for all showings, events, activities, and happenings this week. View Info Explore Explore Exhibits IMAX Dome Theater Upcoming Events Floor Maps The Tech Insider Blog Sensory Resources Education Education Field Trips Virtual Learning Education Resources The Tech Challenge Girl Scout Programs Booking for Field Trips for 2024! The possibilities for building your custom field trip are endless. Book a Field Trip Today! Support Support Ways to Give Signature Programs Become a Volunteer Membership Our Supporters Donate Now! Calling All Volunteers Inspire the innovator as a volunteer at The Tech Interactive. Learn More About About Leadership Team Careers Press Office Contact Financial Reports Publications Additional links Donate Discover Your Inner Innovator Get Tickets Explore The Tech Challenge 2024: Cosmic Quest, presented by Amazon Scientists are on a quest to learn more about a distant planet and its largest moon. Can your team deliver fragile, but highly important supplies to this moon’s surface? The Challenge: Deliver multiple payloads to different locations. More Info Dune: Part Two Experience 2024’s first blockbuster in IMAX! Dune: Part Two is presented entirely in IMAX’s exclusive Expanded Aspect Ratio so that you are fully immersed in Denis Villeneuve’s continuing vision of Arrakis. Tickets on sale now! See All Showtimes Field Trip Fun Bringing your students to The Tech Interactive guarantees them a day of imaginative, immersive, standards-based scientific learning. Join Us for a Field Trip Book your unique wedding with us! Looking for a fun and unforgettable venue for your wedding celebration? Look no further as The Tech Interactive is the ideal place for a memorable wedding. The Tech Interactive can accommodate formal sit down celebrations of up to 350 or reception style setups to accommodate 2000 guests. And we have over 100 interactive exhibits that guests can enjoy! Meetings & Events Play It Forward! If you love science and technology, you belong at The Tech Interactive. As a member you’ll enjoy terrific benefits, including free admission for a year, invitations to exclusive events, discounts and more. View Membership Benefits A Hub for Education Education is at the heart of everything we do at The Tech. We encourage curiosity for science, engineering, math and technology in students on field trips, educators in our professional development programs, and families in our communities. We strive to ensure that everyone we serve has the opportunity to learn skills the future will demand. Education Resources Subscribe to Our Newsletter Don't miss out on the latest news! First Name Last Name Email Subscribe to Our Newsletters About Us Contact Accessibility Donate The Tech Insider Blog Event Rentals Careers Press Office Connect Find The Tech on Facebook Find The Tech on Instagram Find The Tech on Twitter Find The Tech on TikTok Find The Tech on Youtube Find The Tech on LinkedIn Find The Tech on Pinterest Contact Us The Tech Interactive201 S. Market St.San Jose, CA 95113 1-408-294-8324info@thetech.org The Tech Interactive 2023 ©All rights reserved. The Tech Interactive is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization.Tax ID#: 94-2864660 Policies