Nicholas Roerich Museum New York Nicholas Roerich Museum New York facebook pinterest ‹› Home About About the MuseumPlan your visit Calendar of EventsConcerts, poetry readings GuestbookShare your thoughts Nicholas Roerich BiographyShort summary PaintingsSelectedworks WritingsTravel diaries,poetry, essays Roerich PactRed Cross of Culture Collection Paintings & SketchesSlideshows Paintings & SketchesCatalogue Drawings500+ pencil sketches Explore The ArchiveDocuments, books periodicals Film clipsDarjeeling 1928New York, Kullu PhotographsLife throughphotos CorrespondenceLetters,telegrams Gift Shop Booklist Prints10″ × 15″ Prints20″ × 28″ The usage of this website with disabled Javascript is extremely limited. To gain full access to the site, please enable Javascript in your browser. We will be closed this Tuesday, February 20th Visit Location Nicholas Roerich Museum 319 West 107th StreetNew York NY 10025 MAPDIRECTIONS For more options go to Google Maps » The Museum is on 107th street, between Broadway & Riverside Drive closer to Riverside Drive. Subway:, #1 train to 110th Street and Broadway. Bus: M104 bus to 108th Street and Broadway; M5 bus to 108th Street and Riverside Drive Car: The Museum does not provide for parking, which can be found on nearby streets. Parking garages can be found on 108th Street, east of Broadway. We will be closed this Tuesday, February 20th, 2024 Museum Hours Saturday, Sunday noon–5 p.m. Tuesday–Friday, noon–4 p.m. Closed Monday. Also closed New Years’ Day, July 4, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Admission Admission is free, thoughdonations are welcome. Accessibility If you will need to use the elevator, we ask that you give us a call at least a day in advance. There are two flights of stairs that lead to the second and third floor galleries, so please plan your visit accordingly. For wheelchair access, please contact us at least a day in advance. We are not able to provide it on the same day's notice. Please note that to get through the door, your wheelchair's width cannot exceed 23.5 inches. Contact phone: 212–864–7752 (during open hours) email (with anti-spam) Events Upcoming events Friday, March 15 Coriolis Duo Admission is free, but please register for the event to be admitted! Registration opens here on our website around noon one week before the concert.We ask you to register online in person: we are unable to do it for you.If you do not present your ticket ten minutes before the concert starts, we cannot guarantee that you will have a seat.Please note that latecomers will be seated during the intermission. Collection The Museum's collection comprises more than 200 paintings of the artist, exhibited on three floors of a classic townhouse in the Upper West Side of Manhattan. Virtual tour February 24, 2022 On September 1st, 1939, Hitler invaded Poland and World War II broke out.It ended with the aggressor's capitulation and the Nuremberg trials, in which the war criminals were held accountable for crimes against peace, war crimes, and crimes against humanity.Some country and some people are in the process of repeating the history. Nicholas Roerich WAR AGAIN We thought it was the final madness, we did. We hoped that from now on we would see only a friendly exchange of opinions. Again we were wrong. A quarter of a century has passed [since World War I], exactly a quarter, just one generation, and the virus of the same madness has broken out. This epidemic has started in the same inhuman way. Again, bombs are being dropped on civilians. Again, ships carrying peaceful travelers are being destroyed. Schools are shattered and children's bodies torn apart. Of course, this war did not start just yesterday. Already in 1936, the evil germs were sprouting... Violence was rampant. Destruction was justified by citing the most astounding reasons. As often happens, the biggest missiles exploded when public opinion least expected them… On August 1st, 1914, we were in a temple, on September 1st, 1939 we were up in the Himalayas. Both—temples. Back then we were not ready to believe in such human madness, and now also the heart does not want to admit that a new horror has been born… Once more, we will turn to art to remind us that destruction is unacceptable, once more we will hope that at least now humanity will understand what true values are, ​​and what is the purpose of human evolution. September 3, 1939, Himalaya Biographical Facts 1874Born in St.Petersburg 1893–1898Studied in the Imperial Art Academy 1906–1916Director of the Drawing School of Imperial Society for Encouragement of Arts. Exhibited in major European cities 1917–1919Karelia, Scandinavia, London 1920–1923President Founder of the Master Institute & Roerich Museum in New York, exhibitions across the U.S.A. in more than 20 cities 1923–1928Expedition to Central Asia: Sikkim, Kashmir, Ladakh, Chinese Turkestan, Altai, Mongolia, crossing Tibet from North to South 1929–1947Settled in Naggar, Kullu Valley, India 1934–1935Expedition in Manchuria and Inner Mongolia 1935The Roerich Pact signed in the White House by twenty one countries 1947Passed away in Naggar More » Archive Photos Below: Nicholas Roerich preparing for crossing the Gobi and Tibet from north (Ulaan-Bator) to south (Sikkim). Photo taken early April of 1927 Browse the photos » Video clips Below: Nicholas Roerich in Darjeeling, India, soon after his expedition in Central Asia. Photo taken in the Fall of 1928 Watch the clips » Correspondence Our archive holds tens of thousands of items of correspondence pertaining to Nicholas Roerich's artistic and other activities. Browse the correspondence » The Roerich Pact A visionary and idealist, Roerich promoted peace and the protection of the world's cultural heritage, the unity of religions, and the notion that the creative people of the world bear the responsibility to save the world.During the nineteen-twenties, he composed a treaty for protection of the historic monuments, museums, scientific, artistic, educational and cultural institutions in time of peace as well as in war. Nowadays the Roerich Pact movement is especially popular in Latin America—check banderadelapaz.org and watch the video. More » Gift Shop Prints » Large size prints » Books » Guestbook JAMES WARD, UNITED STATES: January, 2012 What a treasure the Roerich Museum is! A wonderfully immersive experience to be surrounded by his art and artifacts in such relaxed, inviting and densely adorned surroundings. More comments » © 1999–2024 Nicholas Roerich Museum. All rights reserved | Designed by Inguna Trepsa | Developed by g.t.