Welcome to Plus! | plus.maths.org Skip to main content Plus.Maths.org Search About Support Sponsors Subscribe Terms of use Main navigation Home Articles Collections Podcasts Puzzles Discover Videos Login Secondary menu Search About Support Sponsors Subscribe Terms of use Artificial intelligence and deep learning: Your questions answered Find out about this important new technology and be part of the conversation. To know how it works, see how it moves The mathematics of movement can describe the behaviour of all types of organisms, from cancer cells to humans. Contagious maths How does maths help in tackling infectious diseases? Join Julia Gog to find out in this series of videos and articles, and have a go at modelling diseases yourself! Climate change: How can maths help? As COP28, the 2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference, kicks off we look at how maths can help understand the climate crisis. Meat free meat with maths Don't like plant-based meat alternatives, but want to spare animals and the environment? There's hope on the horizon, aided by a good helping of maths. Spheres within spheres: A journey through many dimensions We guide you through an exciting recent breakthrough in the world of topology, involving something called the telescope conjecture. (Figure on the left by Niles Johnson.) A very old problem turns 30! Andrew Wiles's proof of Fermat's Last Theorem solved a centuries-old problem by opening a door onto the future of mathematics. The lungs of the Earth How can maths help to understand the Southern Ocean, a vital component of the Earth's climate system? Can artificial intelligence help predict the weather? Predicting the weather requires a lot of physics, a lot of maths, and a whole lot of data. But with more data and computing power becoming available, artificial intelligence may be able to help. From rainbows to rogue waves Dispersion lies at the heart of many dramatic phenomena - explore the maths that explains it! Are you curious about maths and the world? Then explore plus.maths.org to stay connected with mathematics: from the maths of everyday life to the latest current research! podcast Reduce, remove, refreeze: Repairing the Earth's climate How might we go about repairing the Earth's climate? Find out in this episode of our podcast featuring Shaun Fitzgerald from the Centre for Climate Repair. article Maths in a minute: Algebraic varieties Explore the wonderful world where geometry meets algebra. article Contagious Maths: Bringing maths research into the classroom We're proud to announce the launch of a school curriculum and public engagement project which gives a hands-on experience of mathematical research and its benefits for society. article Mathematical snapshots: Kweku Abraham As part of our series of interviews with early career researchers, Kweku tells us why he enjoys statistics, life as an early career researcher, and about a favourite mathematical moment. article AI be the judge: The use of algorithms in the criminal justice system Could AI help judges deliver fair and transparent sentences? A recent study group involving law experts and mathematicians explored the challenges involved. article A tip of the hat: Celebrating an aperiodic monotile Here's a look at the shape that can tile the plane in a non-repetitive pattern — and some of the creative uses people have found for it. package Building a theory of quantum gravity This collection of articles looks at one of the biggest problems in modern physics and at research that aims to solve it. package Disease modelling for beginners Confused by some of the terms in the COVID inquiry? Learn about basic concepts in epidemiology in this collection of articles! Copyright © 1997 - 2024. University of Cambridge. All rights reserved. Plus Magazine is part of the family of activities in the Millennium Mathematics Project. Secondary menu Search About Support Sponsors Subscribe Terms of use