WWPass — Strong Multi-Factor Authentication & Client-Side Data Encryption Products WWPass MFA Multi-factor Authentication WWPass SSO Single Sign-On WWPass Key Electronic Identity PassHub Password Manager for Business ProfessionalServices Use Cases IT Industry Secure Login to Microsoft Secure Login for Auth0 Secure Login for Okta Secure Login to Zoom Secure Login to VPNs Secure Login to AWS Secure Login to Salesforce Secure Login to IBM ISAM WWPass for BMC Remedy Healthcare Fintech & Insurance Law & Wealth Management SaaS DMS & Virtual Data Rooms Pricing Plans & Features Resources WWPass Technology WWPass Platform Whitepapers FAQ Blog For Developers For End Users How to login WWPass Key app WWPass Key Set Get Started Log In Auth0 and WWPass webinar: how can login protect accounts from phishing and credential theft Identity & Access Management done right Security, Convenience, Privacy Watch Video WWPass Technology The New Way of Authentication No Usernames, No Passwords,No Identity Theft Login without Usernames and Passwords No need to remember, manage, reset, protect or exchange. WWPass Key — Unified user experience Consolidation of all logins in one protected authentication token. Easy Self-management Easy self-management of authentication token. Electronic Identity for all services Log in with a universal, international digital identity — trusted if required and anonymous if allowed. Identity Protection User identity is protected by WWPass Key. Zero-knowledge and zero trust All data is encrypted by the user with WWPass Key. Saving up to 80% of login costs No need for OTP, SMS, or other extra costly adaptive authentication and login support. Compliance WWPass MFA is a strong customer authentication compliant with GDPR and NIST. Try WWPass Key The Key to access all your digital accounts. Each user gets a unique key, which helps to log in to an unlimited number of accounts and services without usernames and passwords. WWPass Key Demo Watch Video Our Products Forget about Usernames and Passwords Log in to a growing number of online services with your WWPass Key as a universal key to the digital world. Products Services WWPass MFA Enable next-generation strong multi-factor authentication without usernames and passwords. Find out more WWPass SSO Simplify and streamline secure access to any business application without a username and password. Find out more WWPass Key Self-sovereign identity: decentralized, secure, convenient, private. Find out more PassHub Enterprise-level security with storage and sharing capabilities that won’t annoy employees. Find out more Strategic Security Consulting WWPass strategic consulting group works with your company to protect the company`s ecosystem. Find out more Professional Advisory Realize the business value of implementing WWPass technology for your security needs. New challenges- one proven solution. Find out more Professional Support WWPass professional support takes care of installed WWPass products. We provide lifetime updates and upgrades for our products. Find out more Plans & Features Pricing Get Started Watch Video Why WWPass Technology? It's About the Future Eliminate human-readable credentials Unique Experience Unified login process on all enabled resources Security by Design Protect user identity and corporate data by design Cost Saving Identity as a Service. Zero-knowledge, MFA, integrated protection From the Blog Is Open Source Secure? 22 December 2023 by Mike & Trenton Discover how PassHub.net addresses security concerns by embracing transparency and collaboration. Learn why showing the code internals enhances trust and security, contrasting with the pitfalls of closed-source systems. How open-source practices, peer review, and the use of widely-accepted cryptographic algorithms contribute to robust security. Plus, get insights into the broader open-source ecosystem's role in ensuring reliability and mitigating risks like backdoors. LastPass breach Shouldn’t sway you away from cloud-based password managers: 3 ways to spot secure alternatives 11 January 2023 by Trenton Thurber Password managers keep our complicated digital lives safe and organized all in one place, but recent cybersecurity breaches have brought their reliability into question. Don’t ditch them – instead, follow three rules to find a secure password manager. What Uber’s latest hack means for multi-factor authentication 18 October 2022 by Nick Moran Uber suffered a jarring security breach in September, forcing the company and spectators to reevaluate the security of their login systems. While failsafes were in place, the attack still demonstrated the vulnerabilities of multifactor authentication. In this blog post, we evaluate the scope and impact of the attack, and explore opportunities to address vulnerabilities. Subscribe to our mailing list Join our IDENT News weekly newsletter to follow the week's top IT news. Featured content How do your multi-factor authentication solutions stack up? USERNAMES & PASSWORDS:The real bandits of your e-commerce business PASSWORDS:The real threat to your security Ready to start now? Get Started Contact sales Office locations United States 9 Trafalgar Square, Suite 240, Nashua, NH 03063 1.888.997.2771 info@wwpass.com Switzerland Atabasca Systems AG, Rubisacherrain 25, CH-6440 Brunnen +41 (0) 41 820 57 20 info@atabasca.ch About Us Company Overview Patents Partnership New! Careers Scholarship Contact Us Support Submit Request FAQ Blog Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use © 2023 World Wide Pass - WWPass Instagram Facebook Twitter