Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project - OCCRP Featured: The Panama Papers Laundromats The Pegasus Project The Pandora Papers Desktop menu Donate Mobile menu Navigation Search InvestigationsDailyFeaturesAnnouncementsResourcesContactAbout Donate Ru Main Navigation, Left Side InvestigationsDailyFeaturesAnnouncementsResourcesContactAbout Ru Intro Slideshow Pro-Kremlin U.S. Filmmaker Pitched Fawning Films to Dictators — Starring Oliver Stone Igor Lopatonok, who promoted pro-Russian narratives about Ukraine and produced Oliver Stone’s lengthy interview with Kazakh strongman Nursultan Nazarbayev, had many other projects in... 5 Mar 2024 Vyacheslav Abramov (OCCRP/Vlast) and Svetlana Romashkina (Vlast) News Tickers Daily news European Prosecutor: Organized Crime Groups Target EU Funds Daily news Canada Sanctions 6 Linked to Alexei Navalny’s Death Daily news ICC: Ugandan Warlord Must Pay$56 Million in Reparations Announcements Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Member Center Kloop Media Daily news European Prosecutor: Organized Crime Groups Target EU Funds Daily news Canada Sanctions 6 Linked to Alexei Navalny’s Death Daily news ICC: Ugandan Warlord Must Pay$56 Million in Reparations Announcements Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Member Center Kloop Media More Stories As Europe Urges ‘Reform’ in Serbia, Local Election Observers Point to State Machinery Behind Vote Rigging On paper, the largest country to emerge from the break-up of socialist Yugoslavia is a candidate for EU membership. On the ground, opposition politicians say, Serbia’s democratic ... 26 Feb 2024 Ilya Lozovsky Bitter Fruit: Kenyans Sue Pineapple Producer for Alleged Torture and Murder Almost 2,000 Kenyans living around Fresh Del Monte’s pineapple plantation accuse guards of brutal violence. Four bodies were found on the multinational fruit company’s land over Christmas. ... 22 Feb 2024 Georgia Gee In 'False Transit' Loophole, Russia’s War Machine Is Supplied Through Kazakh Companies and Belarusian Warehouses The scheme takes advantage of lighter sanctions against Russia’s closest economic partners. 21 Feb 2024 Alexander Yarashevich (Buro Media), Aleksandr Atasuntsev (Verstka), and Robert Denis (OCCRP) Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Member Center Kloop Media Amid a widening crackdown on the free press in Kyrgyzstan, a local court on Friday ordered OCCRP’s local member center Kloop Media to be shut down. A ... 14 Feb 2024 OCCRP OCCRP Partners with Leading U.K. Universities to Analyze the Professional Enablers of Corruption Research will help anti-corruption community press for accountability. A selection of OCCRP investigations that show the role of professional enablers in facilitating high-risk transactions. (Image credit: James O’Brien, ... 12 Feb 2024 OCCRP U.K. Offshore Ownership Registry Reveals Luxury Properties Owned By Armenian Ex-President’s Family Armen Sarkissian's family owns five previously unreported properties in and around London. 6 Feb 2024 Ani Grigoryan (Civilnet), Mkrtich Karapetyan (Civilnet), Samson Martirosyan (Hetq), and Hovhannes Nazaretyan (EVN Report) Resources OCCRP Aleph Investigative data platform to follow the money in an archive of public records and leaks OCCRP ID Research desk helping journalists trace people, companies, and assets PROJECTS Russian Asset Tracker Suisse Secrets The Pandora Papers The Pegasus Project China Tobacco Goes Global Videos Documentaries Explainers Interviews and Evidence OCCRP Videos Most Read Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Amid a widening crackdown on the free press in Kyrgyzstan, a local court on Friday ordered OCCRP’s local member ... OCCRP Partners with Leading U.K. Universities to Analyze the Professional Enablers Research will help anti-corruption community press for accountability. A selection of OCCRP investigations that show the role of professional enablers in ... DIY: The New Amphetamine Trade By Mujtaba Ali Last summer, when UK police raided an industrial building in the picturesque market town of Newton-le-Willows, about 20 ... Features As Europe Urges ‘Reform’ in Serbia, Local Election Observers Point to State Machinery Behind Vote Rigging On paper, the largest country to emerge from the break-up of socialist Yugoslavia is a candidate for EU membership. On ... Bitter Fruit: Kenyans Sue Pineapple Producer for Alleged Torture and Murder Almost 2,000 Kenyans living around Fresh Del Monte’s pineapple plantation accuse guards of brutal violence. Four bodies were found on ... ‘Only Those With Money Can Leave’: Gazans Pay Thousands to Escape Through Egypt After their home outside Gaza City was flattened by Israeli bombardment, Rasha Ibrahim and her family fled south, hoping to ... From Our Member Centers Dangerous Judicial Ruling Against OCCRP Member Center in North... November 10, 2023 - A civil court in Skopje, North Macedonia has ruled against OCCRP ... iStories: Top Russian FSB Official Has Multiple Underworld Ties Sergei Korolev, who was appointed to a key FSB position earlier this year by President ... Asset Declarations of Kyrgyz Officials Increasingly Useless as Anti-Corruption... Kyrgyzstan is the only Central Asian country that publishes its officials’ asset declarations. But the ... Featured Pro-Kremlin U.S. Filmmaker Pitched Fawning Films to Dictators — Starring Oliver Stone Igor Lopatonok, who promoted pro-Russian narratives about Ukraine and produced Oliver Stone’s lengthy interview with Kazakh strongman Nursultan Nazarbayev, had many other projects in store. Read more: Pro-Kremlin U.S. Filmmaker Pitched Fawning Films to Dictators — Starring Oliver Stone As Europe Urges ‘Reform’ in Serbia, Local Election Observers Point to State Machinery Behind Vote Rigging On paper, the largest country to emerge from the break-up of socialist Yugoslavia is a candidate for EU membership. On the ground, opposition politicians say, Serbia’s democratic credentials are hanging by a thread. With evidence mounting of massive irregularities in the latest election, calls for ‘reform’ may be missing the point. Read more: As Europe Urges ‘Reform’ in Serbia, Local Election Observers Point to State Machinery Behind Vote... Bitter Fruit: Kenyans Sue Pineapple Producer for Alleged Torture and Murder Almost 2,000 Kenyans living around Fresh Del Monte’s pineapple plantation accuse guards of brutal violence. Four bodies were found on the multinational fruit company’s land over Christmas. Read more: Bitter Fruit: Kenyans Sue Pineapple Producer for Alleged Torture and Murder In 'False Transit' Loophole, Russia’s War Machine Is Supplied Through Kazakh Companies and Belarusian Warehouses The scheme takes advantage of lighter sanctions against Russia’s closest economic partners. Read more: In 'False Transit' Loophole, Russia’s War Machine Is Supplied Through Kazakh Companies and... Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Member Center Kloop Media Amid a widening crackdown on the free press in Kyrgyzstan, a local court on Friday ordered OCCRP’s award-winning local member center Kloop Media to be shut down. A few of the major investigations OCCRP and Kloop have collaborated on. (Image credits: James O'Brien / NEXT TV / Tatarstan.ru, Svetlana Tiourina) Read more: Independent Media Under Attack in Kyrgyzstan as Court Shuts Down OCCRP Member Center Kloop Media OCCRP Partners with Leading U.K. Universities to Analyze the Professional Enablers of Corruption Research will help anti-corruption community press for accountability. A selection of OCCRP investigations that show the role of professional enablers in facilitating high-risk transactions. (Image credit: James O’Brien, David Istvan) Read more: OCCRP Partners with Leading U.K. Universities to Analyze the Professional Enablers of Corruption U.K. Offshore Ownership Registry Reveals Luxury Properties Owned By Armenian Ex-President’s Family Armen Sarkissian's family owns five previously unreported properties in and around London. Read more: U.K. Offshore Ownership Registry Reveals Luxury Properties Owned By Armenian Ex-President’s Family ‘Total Control’: Azerbaijan’s Jails Fill With Journalists and Dissidents as Election Approaches Fresh off his latest victory against neighboring Armenia, President Ilham Aliyev is sweeping Azerbaijan clean of any organized opposition. As investigative journalists, whistleblowers, and activists languish in jail, Aliyev is brushing off Western criticism — and looking elsewhere for allies. Read more: ‘Total Control’: Azerbaijan’s Jails Fill With Journalists and Dissidents as Election Approaches China-Born Businesswoman Charged Over Meth Flight Built a Web of Influence in Papua New Guinea Mei Lin is a prominent member of Papua New Guinea’s business community, with ties to influential locals. She’s also allegedly a key player in an audacious drug trafficking plot. Read more: China-Born Businesswoman Charged Over Meth Flight Built a Web of Influence in Papua New Guinea ‘Only Those With Money Can Leave’: Gazans Pay Thousands to Escape Through Egypt After their home outside Gaza City was flattened by Israeli bombardment, Rasha Ibrahim and her family fled south, hoping to seek refuge in neighboring Egypt. The Rafah border crossing between Gaza and Egypt on November 1, 2023. (Photo: Yasser Qdeih) Read more: ‘Only Those With Money Can Leave’: Gazans Pay Thousands to Escape Through Egypt Page 1 of 86 Contact Privacy Policy Bypassing Censorship About Member Centers History of OCCRP Team Board of Directors Awards Our Supporters Subscribe to our weekly newsletter! Subscribe to our weekly newsletter! And get our latest investigations on organized crime and corruption delivered straight to your inbox. Email Address * No thanks Your cookie preferences We use cookies to improve your experience by storing data about your preferences, your device or your browsing session. We also use cookies to collect anonymized data about your behaviour on our websites, and to understand how we can best improve our services. To find our more details, view our Cookie Policy. Audience Measurement Cookies Essential Cookies Accept my choices Accept All OCCRP Wants Your Feedback 👂 Could you take five minutes to fill out this survey? Your answers will help us improve how we present our reporting. 👉 Survey Don't show this anymore