The Privacy Sandbox: Technology for a More Private Web. Jump to content Home Overview Goals Web and Android Ecosystem FAQ Web Overview Timeline Proposals FAQ Android Overview Proposals FAQ Learning Hub News and Updates Home Overview Goals Web and Android Ecosystem FAQ Web Overview Timeline Proposals FAQ Android Overview Proposals FAQ Learning Hub News and Updates Protecting your privacy online The Privacy Sandbox initiative aims to create technologies that both protect people's privacy online and give companies and developers tools to build thriving digital businesses. The Privacy Sandbox reduces cross-site and cross-app tracking while helping to keep online content and services free for all. The goals of the Privacy Sandbox The Privacy Sandbox is currently in development. It aims to: Build new technology to keep your information private People should be able to enjoy their browsing and app experience without worrying... People should be able to enjoy their browsing and app experience without worrying about what personal information is collected, and by whom. The Privacy Sandbox technologies aim to make current tracking mechanisms obsolete, and block covert tracking techniques, like fingerprinting. Fingerprinting Information collected about a person’s software and hardware for the purpose of identification. Show less Show more Enable publishers and developers to keep online content free Billions of people around the world rely on access to information on sites ... Billions of people around the world rely on access to information on sites and apps. To provide this free resource without relying on intrusive tracking, publishers and developers need privacy-preserving alternatives for their key business needs, including serving relevant content and ads. Show less Show more Collaborate with the industry to build new internet privacy standards The internet is a source of information and engine of economic... The internet is a source of information and engine of economic growth worldwide. Google invites members of the industry – including publishers, developers, advertisers, and more – to get involved and contribute to the development of better privacy standards for the Web and on Android. Show less Show more Privacy Sandbox for the Web Privacy Sandbox for the Web will phase out third-party cookies Third-party cookies A "cookie" is a small piece of data stored in the browser when a user visits a website. Third-party cookies are stored by a service that operates across multiple sites. For example, an ad platform might store a cookie when you visit a news site. First-party cookies are stored by a website itself. and limit covert tracking. By creating new web standards, it will provide publishers with safer alternatives to existing technology, so they can continue building digital businesses while your data stays private. Learn about Privacy Sandbox for the Web Privacy Sandbox on Android Privacy Sandbox on Android will strengthen privacy, while providing tools app developers need to support and grow their businesses. It will introduce new solutions that operate without cross-app identifiers – including Advertising ID Advertising ID A unique, user-resettable ID for advertising. – and limit data sharing with third parties. Learn about Privacy Sandbox on Android The Privacy Sandbox relies on contributions from many companies adopting the new technologies If you would like to join these companies and many more participating in the Privacy Sandbox, learn more about testing on Chrome and Android. Frequently Asked Questions What is the Privacy Sandbox? The Privacy Sandbox is an industry-wide effort to develop new technology that will improve people’s privacy across the Web and apps on Android. The proposed solutions will limit tracking of individuals and provide safer alternatives to existing technology on these platforms while keeping them open and accessible to everyone. How does the Privacy Sandbox work? The Privacy Sandbox technologies are currently in development. You can learn more about the proposals on developer.chrome.com, and developer.android.com. Google welcomes members across the industry to provide feedback or start testing. This site will also be updated monthly as the initiative progresses. Why is Google proposing this? New web and app technologies are needed to improve people's privacy online. In recent years, some browsers and platforms have taken steps to restrict or remove existing mechanisms, such as third-party cookies, without effective alternatives in place. This can negatively impact critical ecosystem functionality and put user privacy at greater risk, by leading to adoption of covert tracking. We believe that developers and businesses should be able to make money from their sites and apps, as well as reach customers with relevant ads. The Privacy Sandbox initiative is developing new solutions that support key ecosystem needs -- without reliance on online tracking identifiers -- so that publishers and developers can provide free content and grow their business in a privacy-preserving way. How can I get involved? Google invites members from the industry—web browsers, online publishers, ad tech companies, advertisers, and developers—to participate in the development and testing of the proposed new technologies. For the open web, you can contribute to the public discussions in forums such as the W3C, and if you’re a business, talk to your trade groups and technology vendors about engaging in this process. If you’re a developer, we invite you to join the origin trials. For Android, feedback on the design proposals can be given directly via the developer.android.com site. This is also where you can sign up for regular updates as the project progresses. When will the new technologies launch? You can expect to hear more about the progress being made with the Privacy Sandbox regularly, including more opportunities for you to test these new technologies on your sites and in your campaigns. For the latest news, please follow the blog on developer.chrome.com and sign up for updates at developer.android.com Can a Privacy Sandbox representative speak at my event? Please fill this form if you would like for a Privacy Sandbox representative to speak at an event. Your responses will be reviewed the first week of each month and a decision on attendance will be communicated to you no later than the 15th of each month. Where can I learn more? The Chromium blog regularly features progress updates on the Privacy Sandbox. Developer.chrome.com offers a good overview of all the Privacy Sandbox proposals and refers to explainers and discussions on GitHub. Developer.android.com provides information, design proposals, and updates on the Privacy Sandbox on Android. Request a Privacy Sandbox speaker for an event Privacy Terms Help English 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 - 台灣 繁體中文 - 香港 Español (España) Español (Latino) Português (BR) Deutsch Français