Nashville, TN Tourism and Visitors Guide | Visit Nashville, TN - Music City Skip to main content Menu Close Menu Visit Nashville TN Visitors navigation Home Explore Nashville Expand Explore Nashville Collapse Explore Nashville Neighborhoods Expand Neighborhoods Collapse Neighborhoods See All Neighborhoods 12South Downtown East Nashville Germantown Green Hills The Gulch Music Row Trip Ideas Expand Trip Ideas Collapse Trip Ideas See All Trip Ideas First Timers 10 Things To Do Family Fun Murals Music Lovers The Music Expand The Music Collapse The Music The Story of Music City It All Begins With A Song For the Love of Music Diversity Expand Diversity Collapse Diversity Asian Nashville Black Nashville Hispanic Nashville LGBTQ+ Nashville Little Kurdistan Seasonal Expand Seasonal Collapse Seasonal Spring Summer Fall Winter About Nashville Expand About Nashville Collapse About Nashville Accolades Statistics & Facts Trivia Things to Do Expand Things to Do Collapse Things to Do Attractions Expand Attractions Collapse Attractions Music Themed Family Fun Tours Outdoors Museums History Art Scene Events Expand Events Collapse Events Upcoming Concerts Upcoming Events Annual Events Music + Entertainment Expand Music + Entertainment Collapse Music + Entertainment Live Music Guide Broadway + Nightlife Performing Arts Dinner Theatre Food + Drink Expand Food + Drink Collapse Food + Drink Search All Restaurants Patios + Rooftops Live Music + Eats Breweries & Distilleries New Restaurants Hot Chicken Sports Expand Sports Collapse Sports Nashville Predators Nashville SC Nashville Sounds Tennessee Titans Shopping Plan a Trip Expand Plan a Trip Collapse Plan a Trip Places to Stay Discounts & Deals Expand Discounts & Deals Collapse Discounts & Deals Vacation Packages Total Access Pass Attraction Tickets Special Offers Giveaways Travel Resources Expand Travel Resources Collapse Travel Resources Visitors Guides Visitor Center Travel Tips International Travel Maps & Getting Around Expand Maps & Getting Around Collapse Maps & Getting Around Maps Nashville Airport Travel & Transportation Trip Planner Spring Utility navigation Languages Search Search Choose an audience Audience currently selected: Visitors Meetings Travel Trade Media Members GET BACKSTAGE ACCESS GET BACKSTAGE ACCESS Or the closest thing to it. Join our mailing list to be the first to hear about Nashville's new releases, events, announcements and more. Email: Verification: Red fields are required. Submit Reset Visit Music City Nashville Music is the Universal Language. There’s no better place to experience music than Nashville, a city of storytellers and dreamers, where all are welcome with an authentic, friendly, creative, spirit. Come discover all the city has to offer and write your own Music City story. Next It All Begins With A Song Now Streaming on Prime! It All Begins with a Song It All Begins with a Song: The Story of the Nashville Songwriter is now streaming FREE on Amazon Prime for Prime members. Get to know one of the most important unknown forces in music - the Nashville Songwriter - and hear the stories behind your favorite songs.Watch the trailer. Next Explore More of Music City More Music /explore-nashville/music/music-scene-no More Food /things-to-do-in-nashville/food-drink More Fun /things-to-do-in-nashville Plan Your Trip /plan-a-trip-to-nashville Start Over Visitors Official Nashville, Tennessee, Visitor and Tourism website that features discount hotels, attractions, things to do, tickets, event listings, and more for your Nashville trip planning. Welcome to Nashville Scroll Down Spring in Nashville With spring, come longer days that give us more time to enjoy ourselves in Music City. The temperatures start to warm up, and the sun stays out a bit longer, making it the perfect season to visit Nashville. Whether you are coming with family or friends, find 13 Spring Events or 14 Things to do with Family to get ready for an unforgettable spring break in Music City. Vacation in Nashville this spring Events we Love There is always something fun happening in Nashville. Take a look at a few of our favorite upcoming events. Find more Nashville events Dine Nashville: The Music City Way Dine Nashville: The Music City Way A monthlong celebration featuring collaborative chef experiences, a restaurant … Black History Month Black History Month Nashville celebrates Black History Month throughout February. Join us for... SEC Men's Basketball Tournament SEC Men's Basketball Tournament The SEC Men's Basketball Tournament plays out of Nashville's Bridgestone Arena … SEC Party in the Park SEC Party in the Park The 2024 SEC Men's Basketball Tournament Party in the Park will take place at … Easter Trip to Nashville Easter Trip to Nashville Spend this Easter Holiday with Music City. Find fun egg-hunting activities for … Tin Pan South Tin Pan South Tin Pan South is the world's largest songwriter festival and happens each year … Nashville Comedy Festival Nashville Comedy Festival Experience Nashville with a laugh at the Nashville Comedy Festival held each … Supercross Championship Supercross Championship Gear up to watch dirt bikes fly through Nashville. Rock 'N' Roll Running Series Nashville Rock 'N' Roll Running Series Nashville Each year runners, wheelchairs, and walkers attempt the annual Rock 'N' Roll … Tennessee Craft Fair Tennessee Craft Fair Hundreds of Tennessee Craft artists showcase their handmade treasures on the … Nashville's Iroquois Steeplechase Nashville's Iroquois Steeplechase Iroquois Steeplechase is Nashville's premier spring event with the best horses … NHL Nashville Predators NHL Nashville Predators Watch the NHL Nashville Predators play exciting hockey at the Bridgestone Arena. MLS Nashville Soccer Club MLS Nashville Soccer Club Nashville SC, Music City's newest professional sports team, plays with the best … Pop-ups & Speakeasies in Nashville Pop-ups & Speakeasies in Nashville Explore seasonal pop-ups and local favorite hideouts throughout Nashville that... 13 Spring Events in Nashville 13 Spring Events in Nashville Music City's calendar this spring is full of celebrations you must attend. 14 Things to do this Spring with Family 14 Things to do this Spring with Family Music City offers plenty of events, exhibits, and attractions this spring to … Spring in Nashville Spring in Nashville The longer days that come with spring mean more time for fun in Music City. Upcoming Events Upcoming Events There's always something going on in Music City. Take a look below at just a... Upcoming Concerts Upcoming Concerts Nashville has more live music performances each month than one person can handle... Events we Love Events we Love Find more Nashville events Things to Do Creativity is the heart and soul of Music City, and there’s never a shortage of inspiring things to do. From new sounds that fill our speakers to old songs that fill our hearts, Nashville has the musical attractions to honor both past and present. Even Nashville's creative community spills out into an art scene filled with art galleries, theaters, and performance stages. Step back into time to learn about Nashville’s history or explore a Nashville museum to discover artifacts, memorabilia, and more. From tours, music, and the arts to food, sports, and shopping, there is an “only in Nashville” experience waiting for you. See what to do Plan a Trip Find the tools and information you need to plan the perfect getaway to Music City. Start Planning Places to Stay Places to Stay Nashville offers a wide range of accommodations to fit every taste. Getting Around Getting Around Maps, transportation information, and more for your next trip to Nashville. Discounts & Deals Discounts & Deals Find vacation packages, tickets, special offers for Nashville businesses … Total Access Pass Total Access Pass Get The Total Access Pass so you can bundle and save in admissions! Travel Resources Travel Resources Travel tools and resources you may need during your trip to Nashville. Nashville Trip Planner Nashville Trip Planner Looking for the best local tips to plan your future trip to Music City? Use... Vacation Packages Vacation Packages Customize a trip the way you want it by adding your choice of hotel and other … Win A Trip Win A Trip Been thinking about a trip to Music City? Enter to win a trip to Nashville for … Visitor Center Visitor Center Stop by the Nashville Visitor Center for travel assistance, tickets, maps, and … Plan a Trip Plan a Trip Start Planning The South's Best Cities 2023 Southern Living Mar 7, 2023 Learn More Travel + Leisure Readers’ 15 Favorite Cities in the United States of 2023 Travel + Leisure Jul 11, 2023 Learn More Food & Drink Discover the spots that make Nashville the culinary destination it is today, including chef-driven restaurants and classic dining spots serving up hot chicken, barbecue, and meat & three. Explore the Food Scene Nashville's Cookbook Nashville's Cookbook Recipe Notes: A Taste of Music City is a collection of recipes from some of... Hot Chicken Hot Chicken Get a taste of uniquely Nashville when you try Hot Chicken. Barbecue Restaurants Barbecue Restaurants Tennessee is known for its low-and-slow barbecue and Nashville is no exception. Meat & Three Restaurants Meat & Three Restaurants A Meat & Three meal is southern food at its best. Choose a delicious meat dish … Burgers in Nashville Burgers in Nashville Nothing quite hits the spot like a burger, an American classic. Pizza Restaurants Pizza Restaurants Pizza. The very thing that has the magical ability to turn a frown upside down. Hot Dog Restaurants Hot Dog Restaurants Nashville restaurants are serving some inventive and satisfying dogs - for every … Taco Restaurants Taco Restaurants Who doesn't love tacos? So much delicious goodness packed into a corn or flour … Breakfast in Nashville Breakfast in Nashville It's the most important meal of the day and Nashville has a ton of restaurants … Brunch Restaurants Brunch Restaurants Kick off the weekend in Music City with a fun and hearty brunch. Coffee Shops & Bakeries Coffee Shops & Bakeries Nashville has no shortage of locally-owned coffee shops and bakeries to choose … Wine & Cocktails Wine & Cocktails Nashville’s creative spirit can be found throughout the city, and the craft … Breweries, Wineries, Distilleries, & Cideries Breweries, Wineries, Distilleries, & Cideries Where your favorite drinks are made. Outside Dining Outside Dining Sit back, relax, and enjoy the weather on a patio or rooftop in Nashville. Dine Nashville: The Music City Way Dine Nashville: The Music City Way A monthlong celebration featuring collaborative chef experiences, a restaurant … Food & Drink Food & Drink Explore the Food Scene Music & Entertainment If cities had soundtracks, Nashville’s would be like no others. It would be a mix of music’s past, present, and future with cuts of country, bluegrass, rock, pop, Americana, gospel, classical, jazz and blues, all blending and overlapping in perfect harmony. Catch a show Explore All of Nashville Explore and find your Nashville inspiration. Explore More of Nashville Neighborhoods Neighborhoods Nashville is defined by its neighborhoods, each with its own distinct … Trip Ideas Trip Ideas Whether you're a first timer or a seasoned Nashville visitor, we have some ideas … Music Scene Music Scene The music scene in Nashville is as diverse as the songwriters and musicians who … About Nashville About Nashville You won't find a city more accommodating, authentic, and accessible than … Seasonal Seasonal Nashville has fun year-round, regardless of the season. Diversity in Nashville Diversity in Nashville In Music City, a wide range of cultures and backgrounds are represented through … Nashville Attractions Nashville Attractions Nashville loves to play and that's why there's fun to be had around every corner … Explore All of Nashville Explore All of Nashville Explore More of Nashville Book Discounts & Deals Save BIG on Nashville attractions and tours with the Music City Total Access Pass.Do more for less with these special offers, discount tickets, package deals, and giveaways. Stay in Touch Amplify Newsletter Get weekly news and exclusive discounts right in your inbox. Visitors navigation - footer Home Explore Nashville Neighborhoods Trip Ideas The Music Diversity Seasonal About Nashville Things to Do Attractions Events Music + Entertainment Food + Drink Sports Shopping Plan a Trip Places to Stay Discounts & Deals Travel Resources Maps & Getting Around Trip Planner Spring Shop Music City Footer Menu About NCVC Contact Us International Meetings Travel Trade Media Members Hospitality Careers NCVC Internships Home Privacy Policy Sitemap Contact NCVC 1-615-259-4700 500 11th Avenue N,Suite 650Nashville, TN 37203 Social Media Menu Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter TripAdvisor YouTube ©2024 Nashville Convention & Visitors Corp. All rights reserved.