Home - Word on Fire Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility Cookie policy Start typing to search all Word on Fire content. Articles Latest Addicted to Distractions? Time for a Media Fast The Ascent of the Leaden Soul Richard V. Reeves and Jocko Willink Take on Male Malaise View More Evangelization & Culture Online Bishop Barron Professors & Fellows All Contributors Submissions for E&C Online Gospel Reflections Lenten Reflections Advent Reflections Reflexiones en Español Audio & Videos Bishop Barron’s Videos Sunday Sermons Bishop Barron Presents Commentaries Dialogues The Rosary The Story for All Seasons WOF Digital See All WOF Show Podcast WOF 427: Hearing the Voice of God WOF 426: Democracy and the Catholic Church WOF 425: Understanding the Mental Health Crisis See All Evangelization & Culture Podcast EP18 | Seneca & The Madness of Hercules — Dana Gioia EP17 | How 1923 Made Adolf Hitler — Mark Jones EP16 | The President’s Man — Dwight Chapin See All Institute Channel Authority & Continuity Classic Poetry The Great Debates of Philosophy Idolatry of Identity Meet the Bulmans Morning Prayer Watch With Me Wonder Film Series Bookstore Books Socrates’ Children Light of the Saints The Liturgy of the Hours Word on Fire Bible See All Apparel & More T-Shirts Outerwear Hats & More Art International Canada United Kingdom Europe Australia & New Zealand Institute Learn About the Institute Member Login Join Today WOF Digital Manage My WOFI Account Courses Faith and Physics Rediscovering the Catholic Narrative What is Justice? See All Evangelization & Culture Journal Current Issue: No. 18 “Conversion” All Issues About About Word on Fire Bishop Robert Barron Our Story Word on Fire Publishing Our Contributors About the Institute Wonder Conference 2024 Contact Bishop Barron Speaking Request Interview Request Form Content Permission Form “Ask Bishop Barron” on the WOF Show Podcast Submissions for E&C Online FAQs Quick Links Manage My LOTH Account Press Kit Press Releases Privacy Policy Careers Resources Resources Study Program Webinar ENGAGE What is the Eucharist? WOF Digital Liturgy of the Hours The New Ressourcement eBooks How to Be Happy How to Discern God’s Will For Life Creating a Rule of Life How to Share Your Faith Thomas Aquinas 101 The Sign of the Cross Did Jesus Really Rise from the Dead? Extras The Rosary with Bishop Barron New Evangelization Reading List “Dare We Hope?” Resource Page Vatican II Pope Benedict XVI World Youth Day 2023 Synod on Synodality 2023 Donate Our Story Word on Fire Stories Share Your Story! Join the Founders Society Support Word on Fire One-time Donation Ignite Monthly Donation Support the Word on Fire Bible Vol. IV Project First Look at Volume IV of the Bible Bookstore Proclaim Christin the Culture Word on Fire Catholic Ministries TRUTH | GOODNESS | BEAUTY | Featured Articles Addicted to Distractions? Time for a Media Fast WOF Show Podcast WOF 427: Hearing the Voice of God Sermons A Tour of the Ten Commandments Lent Reflections Tuesday, March 5, 2024 WORD ON FIRE INSTITUTE CONFERENCE AUGUST 2-4, 2024 GET TICKETS Latest from Word on Fire Subscribe to get the latest content sent straight to your inbox. Articles Addicted to Distractions? Time for a Media Fast Dr. Holly Ordway March 5, 2024 A media fast is usually an unsettling experience and sometimes distressing, but it is also exceptionally fruitful and rewarding. Read More… Evangelization & Culture Podcast EP18 | Seneca & The Madness of Hercules — Dana Gioia Dr. Tod Worner March 5, 2024 Who was Giambattisa Giraldi Cinthio, the ancient Roman thinker and writer? Tod joins Dana Gioia to discuss Seneca’s “The Madness of Hercules.” Read More… Articles The Ascent of the Leaden Soul Isabel Kazan March 4, 2024 Gerard Manley Hopkins’ “The Leaden Echo and the Golden Echo” reminds us that we must readily give the things we love and cherish back to God. Read More… WOF Show Podcast WOF 427: Hearing the Voice of God Brandon Vogt March 4, 2024 The Book of Jonah is one of the shortest books of the Bible, yet it’s packed with profound truths about hearing and obeying the voice of God. Read More… Articles Richard V. Reeves and Jocko Willink Take on Male Malaise Maggie Phillips March 1, 2024 Author Richard V. Reeves and retired Navy SEAL Jocko Willink are combatants against the elusive enemies in the war on male malaise and masculinity. Read More… Articles Is it Impossible to Know Anything About God? Dr. Christopher Kaczor February 29, 2024 Alvin Plantinga shows us that while our finite minds cannot comprehend an infinite God, it doesn’t mean we cannot know anything at all about God. Read More… Articles The Simple Encounters Matter Rachel Lu February 28, 2024 What an honor to be able to bring a moment of warmth into someone’s day. Simple encounters reveal the blessing of a life of love and meaning. Read More… Sermons A Tour of the Ten Commandments Bishop Robert Barron Articles Bartolomé Esteban Murillo: The … Alejandro Terán-Somohano Articles The New Ressourcement: An Interv… Dr. Tod Worner WOF Show Podcast WOF 426: Democracy and the Catho… Brandon Vogt Articles Lenten Demolition of Sin Matt Paolelli Dialogues Bishop Barron Presents | Congres… Bishop Robert Barron See All Word on Fire harnesses beauty, goodness, and truth to draw people into or back to the Catholic faith. Articles Evangelization & Culture Online brings you a variety of insights into our culture and history Videos Explore wide-ranging discussions and weekly sermons Bookstore From our latest features to the Faith’s greatest classics Institute A deeper dive into theology, philosophy, and evangelization donate Support the mission of Word on Fire and the work of Bishop Robert Barron Support the Bible Project SUPPORT THE PROJECT Hear what people are saying Tell us your Word on Fire story on social media If you haven’t yet seen the quality of the materials Word On Fire is publishing, you really should have a look. The content is informative and inspiring, and the books are works of art. @TSEpperson Bishop Barron @WordOnFire offers an easy way to pray the Liturgy of the Hours with his monthly booklets. He says it’s the “highest form of prayer after the Mass, an ancient way of praying Scripture throughout the day, focusing especially on the Psalms” Jenny duBay @CreateSoulSpace How beautifully the work of Word On Fire has become a beacon of light on the subject of the synergistic relationships between the discipline of science and the practice of religion. What a splendid and excellent example of what works best when showing real perfect understanding. Barbara Marie (Zellers) Amato The @WordOnFire team is consistently churning out incredible and beautiful books. I can’t wait to see what’s next! David Dry I love Word on Fire! @BishopBarron has guided me on my faith journey in countless ways and it was through WoF that I discovered @HaleyCarrots’ awesome work. The Pivotal Players series is great. 🙏 Matt Graeber We love Dr. Peter Kreeft’s, “Food for the Soul,” available from Word On Fire. He offers wonderful insights on the weekly scriptural passages for the C cycle. Pulse Life Advocates Few things cause such excitement in the mail. Unless of course it’s the latest volume of the @WordOnFire Bible! Thank you so much @BishopBarron, your inspiration has been such a crucial foundation to mine and many others’ faith journeys. Man of Catholicism The @WordOnFire Bible truly is excellent. I’m genuinely picky about my theology, having studied quite a bit, but Bishop Barron’s reflections really do impress me and I learn a lot. Nicholas Pumper Grant unto Cardinal Francis George Eternal Rest, Oh Lord! May @BishopBarron and the entire @WordOnFire community continue to receive through Cardinal Francis George’s intercession the great grace of Wisdom sent forth in & through The Holy Spirit. Amen Peace b w/u @BishopBarron James Heim Today I received my copy of the Word on Fire Bible: Volume 2, which will be available for purchase next month! The book is a real piece of artwork in itself! I’ll keep updating while I read (enjoy) it. Rodrigo Madrid Word on Fire did a marvelous job with vol. 2 of the Word on Fire Bible. It has been a joy to pray with this beautiful work. Fr. Curtis Seidel Catholic Priest Word On Fire has compiled the four primary documents of the Second Vatican Council. When studied, one sees that the Church seeks to unify the members of its Body and in order to send them out on mission… Nick Chancey Campus Minister Marshall University Word on Fire Institute Dive deeper into Word on Fire by joining 22,000+ evangelists. Learn More Evangelization & Culture: Conversion ISSUE XVIII Evangelization & Culture: Education Issue XVII Faith and Physics New Course Rediscovering the Catholic Narrative COURSE What is Justice? Course Issue 16: Pope Benedict XVI Latest Journal Adam, Eve, and Us COURSE Is Philosophy Dead? COURSE Catholicism 101 COURSE Science and Religion in Modern Astronomy Course Evangelization & Culture: Winter 2022 “Joy” Issue 14 Catholicism and Comedy New Course Featured Products Featured Products Tolkien’s Faith A Spiritual Biography More Featured Products The Pentateuch The Word on Fire Bible Vol. III More Featured Products This Is My Body Help Get This Book to 1,000,000 People More Featured Products Evangelization & Ideology Matthew Petrusek More Featured Products The Mystical Body of Christ And a Free Copy of Life of Christ More Featured Products Socrates’ Children An Introduction to Philosophy from the 100 Greatest Philosophers More Featured Products The Holy Hour Meditations for Eucharistic Adoration More Featured Products Word on Fire Liturgy of the Hours Experience a New Way to Start Praying More Featured Products The Word on Fire Bible (Volume II) Acts, Letters, and Revelation More Featured Products Light from Light Bishop Robert Barron More 01 Articles Videos Sermons WOF Show Podcast Gospel Reflections Reflexiones en Español Artículos Sermones 02 Bookstore Donate Subscribe My Liturgy of the Hours Account Contact Support FAQ Careers Press 03 About About Bishop Robert Barron Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Bishop Barron Speaking Request Content Permission Form 04 Our Story eBooks “Dare We Hope?” Resource Page Word on Fire Publishing Share Your Story! Quick Links El Sitio Español Institute WOF Digital Español © Word on Fire 2024. All Rights Reserved