West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture & History - West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture & History : West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture & History News Calendar Grants Vital Records Photos Employment Explore WV State Museum WV Independence Hall Camp Washington-Carver Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex West Virginia State Museum Education Learn Daily History Golden Horseshoe Prep History Bowl Teacher Resources WV History Quizzes Research Archives and History Finding Aids and Databases National Register of Historic Places Discover Blog Featured Exhibits Publications Agencies Arts Arts Grants Resources Arts Calendar Arts Blog About Us Arts Accessibility Library Poetry Out Loud STEAM Grant Program Join Email List Photo Galleries ArtWorks Magazine Certified Arts Communities Historic Preservation Archaeology Certified Local Governments/Historic Landmark Commissions Grant Opportunities Historic and Archaeological Survey – webGIS Historic Cemeteries Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credits National Register of Historic Places National Register of Historic Places Nominations Publications, Planning and Education Efforts Review and Compliance/Section 106 Review Archives and History Visitors Research Requests Contact Us Volunteers Upcoming Lectures Communications & Events Museums WV State Museum Camp Washington-Carver Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex WV Independence Hall Office of the Cabinet Secretary News Calendar Grants Vital Records Photos Employment Explore WV State Museum WV Independence Hall Camp Washington-Carver Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex West Virginia State Museum Education Learn Daily History Golden Horseshoe Prep History Bowl Teacher Resources WV History Quizzes Research Archives and History Finding Aids and Databases National Register of Historic Places Discover Blog Featured Exhibits Publications Agencies Arts Arts Grants Resources Arts Calendar Arts Blog About Us Arts Accessibility Library Poetry Out Loud STEAM Grant Program Join Email List Photo Galleries ArtWorks Magazine Certified Arts Communities Historic Preservation Archaeology Certified Local Governments/Historic Landmark Commissions Grant Opportunities Historic and Archaeological Survey – webGIS Historic Cemeteries Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credits National Register of Historic Places National Register of Historic Places Nominations Publications, Planning and Education Efforts Review and Compliance/Section 106 Review Archives and History Visitors Research Requests Contact Us Volunteers Upcoming Lectures Communications & Events Museums WV State Museum Camp Washington-Carver Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex WV Independence Hall Office of the Cabinet Secretary DAILY TRIVIA Question of the Day May Moore Mound is located in this county. Submit Answer Randall Reid-Smith Curator West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture & History Spring is almost here, and March is a great month to celebrate the arts across the Mountain State. This month you can visit us at the Culture Center in Charleston, Grave Creek Mound in Moundsville and West Virginia Independence Hall in Wheeling and enjoy some of the amazing artists that call West Virginia home. On March 9, Grave Creek will host the Marshall County Schools Celebration of the Arts with music and visual arts and activities for the kids, along with the opening of the annual Marshall County Student Art Show. The art exhibit will be on display until April 4. The Culture Center will feature a series of art exhibitions in four parts in a series titled America250 Inspires: A West Virginia Series of Juried Exhibitions. The first exhibit, West Virginia: Landscapes, will have an opening ceremony on March 3. These exhibits celebrate the United States of America’s upcoming Semiquincentennial. The State Arts Office and Culture Center will host the national recitation competition Poetry Out Loud State Finals on March 8 and 9. And lastly, visit the State Capitol to view student artwork featured in the 2024 Almost Heaven Governor’s Art Exhibition, located outside the Governor’s office. Enjoy the warmer weather and we look forward to your next visit! Learn More MUSEUMS The West Virginia State Museums features locations at the Culture Center, Grave Creek Archaeological Complex, Camp Washington Carver, and Independence Hall. Learn More RECORDS & DATABASES Whether researching your family lineage or looking for information on the history of West Virginia, the Archives and History website is the premier on-line resource. Learn More GRANTS Every year the West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture and History give out millions of dollars in grants. Check out grant opportunities in Arts, Historic Preservation, or Record Management. Learn More Featured Event West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture and History seeks nominations for the 2024 Governor’s Arts Awards March 5, 2024 @ 11:40 am CHARLESTON, W.VA. – The West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture and History (WVDACH) is seeking nominations for the Governor’s Arts Awards. This biennial awards program celebrates the importance of the arts… Event Details Events Calendar Arts Day at the Legislature 2024 March 5, 2024 @ 11:40 am Arts Day at the Legislature 2024 is scheduled for Thursday, February 29, 2024. Arts Day is a great opportunity for arts organizations from all around West Virginia to set up… Event Details Events Calendar Recent News 03/04/2024 Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex Plans a Variety of Programs in March 02/29/2024 West Virginia Landscapes Exhibit Opening at Culture Center, March 3 02/13/2024 Historic Preservation Development Grants Now Available 02/08/2024 New Exhibit Featuring Brigadier General Charles “Chuck” Yeager on Display at the Culture Center in Charleston 02/02/2024 Grave Creek Mound Archaeological Complex Celebrates February with Black History Month, Valentine’s Day and Spring More News Follow us on Instagram! @wvdach Contact Us Agencies Arts Archives & History Historic Preservation Museums Office of the Curator Employment External Departments Newsletter Signup Stay up to date with all things arts, culture and history in West Virginia! Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about events, exhibits, grant opportunities and more. Coming Soon! West Virginia Department of Arts, Culture and History | Privacy Notice Copyright 2024. All Rights Reserved.