Small Boats Magazine - Pursue Your Passion Search for: Search for: Small Boats Magazine From The Editor Adventures Boat Profiles Reader Built Technique Reviews Issues Classifieds Specials News Events Contest Search Sign In Subscribe Search for: Sign In Subscribe Pursue Your Passion Sign In Subscribe Our Community Content is at the core of Small Boats Magazine. We deliver in-depth articles that inform, educate, and entertain every person interested in exploring small boats and the adventures that come with them. Beyond that, we've created a tight-knit and devoted community of subscribers by encouraging them to interact with their peers and our staff. We do this by allowing comments on our articles and our social media posts. We also organize social events and we offer a classified section for subscribers to buy and sell their boats or boating-related gear. Subscribe Premium Content Samples Power Read Free Sample Paddle Read Free Sample Row Read Free Sample Sail Read Free Sample Out Now March 2024 Each issue of Small Boats Magazine includes in-depth boat profiles, as well as rich coverage of gear, technique, adventure travel, and reader-built boats. Current Issue Special Print Edition Small Boats Annual From the editors of WoodenBoat Magazine, we present the 2023 Small Boats Annual. A print collection of the best articles published this year in Small Boats online community. Purchase the Print Magazine Explore Inspire your passion with all of our premium content – from adventure stories and boat profiles to product reviews and classifieds. Adventures Boat Profiles Reader Built Technique Product Reviews Series News Events Classifieds Subscribe Today! Become a subscriber today and you’ll recieve a new issue every month plus unlimited access to our full archive of backlogged issues. Subscribe Already a subscriber? Sign In From The Editor Adventures Boat Profiles Reader Built Technique Reviews Issues Classifieds Specials News Events Contest Sign In Subscribe Privacy Policy About FAQ Contact Download The App © 2024 Small Boats Magazine. Small Boats Magazine is an imprint of WoodenBoat Site by 50FISH Follow Small Boats Magazine on Facebook Follow Small Boats Magazine on Instagram Follow Small Boats Magazine on Pinterest Follow Small Boats Magazine on Youtube Subscribe For Full Access Flipbooks are available to paid subscribers only. Subscribe now or log in for access.