Acunetix | Web Application Security Scanner Get a demo Toggle navigation Get a demo Product Why Acunetix? Solutions INDUSTRIES IT & Telecom Government Financial Services Education Healthcare ROLES CTO & CISO Engineering Manager Security Engineer DevSecOps Case Studies Customers Testimonials Pricing About Us Our story In the news Careers Contact Resources Blog Webinars White papers Buyer’s guide Partners Support Get a demo Because you don’t have all day to spend on application security Quickly find and fix the vulnerabilities that put your web applications at risk of attack. Enjoy more peace of mind – without investing more of your limited time. Get a demo 2,300+ companies of all sizes automate application security testing with Acunetix Invicti recognized as Challenger in the 2022 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Application Security Testing More security. Less effort. You have a long list of web application security tasks: Finding vulnerabilities Researching zero days Confirming vulnerabilities Triaging vulnerabilities Creating tickets for devs Guiding devs through remediation Retesting fixes Proving compliance You can confidently automate these tasks and reclaim your time with Acunetix. Find the vulnerabilities that put you at risk Detect 7,000+ vulnerabilities with blended DAST + IAST scanning: OWASP Top 10 SQL injections XSS Misconfigurations Exposed databases Out-of-band vulnerabilities And more… Get actionable scan results in minutes Run lightning-fast scans that reveal your vulnerabilities the instant they’re found. Get 90% of your results before your scan is half-way done Automatically prioritize your high-risk vulnerabilities Schedule one-time or recurring scans Scan multiple environments at the same time Resolve vulnerabilities faster than you can say “remediation” Eliminate false positives. Save yourself from hours of manually confirming which vulnerabilities are real. Pinpoint vulnerability locations. See the exact lines of code that need to be fixed so you don’t have to search for them. Get remediation guidance. Give developers all the information they need to resolve security flaws on their own. Easily scan in hard-to-reach places It doesn’t matter what frameworks, languages, or technologies you use. Run automated scans almost anywhere: Single-page applications (SPAs) Script-heavy sites built with JavaScript and HTML5 Password-protected areas Complex paths and multi-level forms Unlinked pages most scanners can’t see That means you’ll leave no parts of your applications unscanned and vulnerable. Integrate web security into your development process Enable developers to take action on security with integrations into the tools they use every day See how easy it is to find and fix your vulnerabilities with Acunetix Run your first scan in minutes Add unlimited users at no extra cost Standard and premium support available On-premise or cloud deployment Get a demo See how it works Success stories "We tried several web vulnerability scanning solutions and only Acunetix met our expectations. With it, we were able to identify security vulnerabilities in our flagship product." Read case study "Acunetix has played a very important role in the identification and mitigation of web application vulnerabilities. Acunetix has proven itself and is worth the cost. Thank you Acunetix team." Read case study "Acunetix is our vulnerability scanning tool of choice for situations where information security is a real concern and confidence in safety is key." Read case study Product Information AcuSensor Technology AcuMonitor Technology Acunetix Integrations Vulnerability Scanner Support Plans Use Cases Penetration Testing Software Website Security Scanner External Vulnerability Scanner Web Application Security Vulnerability Management Software Website Security Cross-site Scripting SQL Injection Reflected XSS CSRF Attacks Directory Traversal Learn More White Papers TLS Security WordPress Security Web Service Security Prevent SQL Injection Company About Us Customers Become a Partner Careers Contact Documentation Case Studies Support Videos Vulnerability Index Webinars Login Invicti Subscription Services Agreement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twiter Follow us on LinkedIn © Acunetix 2024, by Invicti