Seibertron.com: Transformers toys, comics, movies, games, news, galleries and more! shop.seibertron.com amazon.seibertron.com Facebook Twitter X YouTube Pinterest Instagram Myspace LinkedIn Podcast RSS Contact Us Sign in Join Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Shop Shop the Seibertron Store Visit Our Store in Illinois eBay Transformers Listings Transformers Toys on Amazon.com News View All News Transformers Toy News Transformers: Rise of the Beast Movie News Transformers Comic Book News Transformers Cartoon News Twincast / Podcasts Submit News RSS Feeds Toys Transformers Toys Section View Transformers Toy News Transformers Toy Galleries » View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Toy Galleries Most Popular Toy Galleries Toy Sightings » Toy Sightings Section Recent Sightings By Location Toy Sightings Forum Items You're Watching Stores Locations by Retail Chains Store Locator Generations Movie Universe Transformers Prime Toys Forum Collections Forum Buy, Sell or Trade Forum Amazon Transformers Toys eBay Transformers Listings Visit the Seibertron Store Cartoons & Comics Cartoon & Comics Section Cartoon & Comics Forum Cartoon News Transformers Cartoon Series Cartoon Series Summaries Comic Book News Comic Book Series Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Films Live Action Films Section Transformers: Rise of the Beasts Movie News The Last Knight Super Fan Event Movie Toy Galleries Movie Related Galleries Live Action Movies Forum Media Media Section Seibertron.com Videos Seibertron.com Twincast/Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Subscribe to Twincast/Podcast with iTunes Commercials Transformers Video Forum Multimedia News Seibertron.com YouTube Channel Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Events Event Gallery Section Event News Event Galleries Hasbro PulseCon 2020 NEW! Toy Fair NYC Events » Toy Fair 2020 Toy Fair 2018 Toy Fair 2018 Toy Fair 2017 Toy Fair 2016 Toy Fair 2015 Toy Fair 2014 Wonderfest 2020 New York Comic-Con » NYCC 2019 NYCC 2018 NYCC 2017 NYCC 2016 NYCC 2015 NYCC 2014 San Diego Comic-Con » SDCC 2019 SDCC 2018 SDCC 2017 SDCC 2016 SDCC 2015 SDCC 2014 SDCC 2013 HASCON 2017 Transformers The Last Knight Global Premiere Events » Chicago Premiere (photos by Seibertron.com) Chicago Premiere (photos by Paramount) London Premiere (photos by Paramount) China Premiere (photos by Paramount) TFNation 2016 BotCon Conventions » BotCon 2016 BotCon 2015 BotCon 2014 BotCon 2013 Transformers Exhibit at Children's Museum in Indianapolis Transformers The Ride - 3D » Universal Orlando Resort Universal Studios Hollywood Game Heavy Metal War Game Your Registry CR Chamber Missions Arena High Scores Heavy Metal War Forums Database Transformers Series Comic Book Section Cartoon Section People Section Forums Social Top Lists Translate This page contains affiliate links. We may earn commissions when readers interact with or purchase items through these links. For more information, see our affiliate disclosures here. Twincast / Podcast Episode #344 "Journey to the Pegs" Journey to the Pegs - Someone call Pipes because we’ve got leaks all over the place in episode 344 of the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. The episode begins with speculation on a recent licensing deal for Transformers-themed Hotwheels cars. The toy talk continues with a Core Class Beast Machines Cheetor being spotted unannounced on store shelves. More yet to be unveiled product is discussed in an extensive series of toy listing leaks. Highlights include Studio Series 86 Devastator, more Gamer Edition figures, and a TMNT collab. A brief discussion of Skybound Transformers #5 follows with the cast going on the offensive with their takes. Next, this week’s edition of the “40 for 40” segment has us reminiscing on the arrival of Robots in Disguise 2001 and the tail end of Beast Machines. As always, Bragging Rights brings the show to a close. Twincast / Podcast Episode #343 "In the Future Year 2000" In the Future Year 2000 - Episode 343 of the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast kicks off with revelations on the HasLab Omega Prime announcement, or at least commentary on the upcoming project and speculation about its odds of success. Toy news talk continues with the discussion of the recently revealed Generations Legacy United Leader Class Sandstorm, plus the comic-themed redecos of Grimlock and Shockwave. Unofficial leaks of Shard and Chromia are up next, followed by brief thoughts on licensed merchandise including the McFarlane Toys Page Punchers Two Packs, as well as the 40th anniversary trading cards. In a special topic, the cast imagines possible alternate histories that could result by making one small change in the past. The limited recurring “40 for 40” topic comes next, revisiting the year 2000 and our favorite toys from Beast Machines, Car Robots and even the very tail-end of Beast Wars. This episode then concludes with the regular “Bragging Rights” segment. Thundercats #1, TMNT toys, Energon Universe, Unicron Trilogy toys and more at the Seibertron Store Thundercats HO!!! - New comic books are available, straight from our distributors Diamond and Lunar. We regularly stock at least 40 different titles including Void Rivals, Transformers, GI Joe, Star Wars, My Little Pony, Spawn, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Star Trek, Sonic the Hedgehog, Vampirella, X-Men, Spider-Man, Hulk, Daredevil and many others. If we don't carry a title that you would like to buy from us, please let us know. Twincast / Podcast Episode #342 "Full House" Full House - We’ve got a full house for episode 342 of the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast. Plenty of toy leaks are discussed including an upcoming Legacy United Deluxe Class Gears, Studio Series Bumblebee Movie Sunstreaker, Gamer Edition Sideswipe and a Target exclusive multipack featuring the likes of Trailbreaker and the elusive Earth-mode Hound. A guessing game about the upcoming Transformers Haslab transitions into the recently revealed Masterpiece Trainbot Ginoh. A brief review of Skybound Transformers #4 follows, along with some brief thoughts on their other recently launched Energon Universe books, Duke and Cobra Commander. The limited “40 for 40” segment follows as the cast selects their favorites from 1999, then Bragging Rights brings the show to a close. Seibertron.com's 2023 Year End Review: Best Transformers Toys and Media 2023 Year In Review - It's time to look back at 2023 in all things Transformers. Below you will find the picks from staff members Scotty P, D-Maximus Primal, Bounti76 and myself, william-james88, for the toys we found best in various categories along with our favourite bits of Transformers media and what we look forward to most for next. Please let us know your pics too. And now, on with the list! Transformers Toy Galleries View All · Newest · Most Popular Onslaught Fall of Cybertron Soundblaster Transformers Encore Savage Noble Transformers Legends Jetstorm Transformers Adventures Warpath Transformers Henkei Soundwave (Shattered Glass) Convention & Club Exclusives Primal Prime Convention & Club Exclusives Sam Witwicky (ROTF) Robot Heroes Product Code found for Lego Transformers Bumblebee Set Posted 7 hours ago by william-james88 - 2,393 views Great news for those who liked the Optimus Prime Lego set. We have the very first info on an upcoming Bumblebee Lego set. This one is also said to be transformable. The type of car it transforms into has not been revealed. We do know the release date is July 1st 2024 and that it will be going for $90 USD with 950 pieces, which is a much better price per parts ratio than we had with Optimus Prime. The set number is 10338 Transfomers Bumblebee and the source is Brickclicker on youtube who - Read More Video Review for Transformers Missing Link C-01 and C-02 Convoy / Optimus Prime Posted 2 days ago by william-james88 - 10,617 views Fans have gotten their Transformers Missing Link C-01 and Missing Link C-02 Convoy / Optimus Prime figures recently. These are the newly made Generation 1 Optimus Prime toys which are truly the G1 toy with modern articulation, so a missing link between the past and present. These are not cheap so in case people are hesitant and want to know as much as possible, we have a video review below for you. This was done and sent to us by fellow Seibertronian Chuckdawg 1999. He goes through both - Read More 40th Anniversary G1 Soundwave and Blaster Reissues Found at Canadian Walmarts Posted 2 days ago by william-james88 - 11,014 views While they were available on the website, it was unsure if the Walmart exclusive 40th anniversary Trasformers G1 Soundwave and Blaster eeissues wouold find their way in stores as well. However, we have several reports of them being found at stores across Canada. The particular images below are from a Quebec Walmart and are courtesy of TF fan Daniel. These reissues go for $66.97. We have a review below of these products, - Read More G1 Toys, Energon Universe Comics, Sonic, Facsimile, Dynamite, Image + more at the Seibertron Store Posted 4 days ago by Seibertron - 23,943 views Visit the Seibertron Store store at shop.seibertron.com Over 7,500+ items are currently available in the Seibertron Store on eBay! We've been busy listing new Transformers toys, comic books and other collectible items which we think might be of interest to you. Special Shipping Promos: $5.00 flat rate shipping if you order 2 or more comics!* $10.00 flat rate shipping if you order 3 or more toys!* * Domestic orders only. Some exclusions apply. New Comics New comic books are - Read More Amazon Links to Preorder the New Exclusive Transformers Legacy Figures Posted 5 days ago by william-james88 - 35,713 views New Transformers Legacy toys were revealed today. Like what we've had for years now, Amazon has multipacks made up of redecos and retools. One of these, however, is a pretty big deal. Unlike Amazon's usual way of mixing different types of characters forcing people to buy multiple packs to complete sets (like the Kingdom two packs) the two hotly anticipated G1 Bandai insecticons, Chop Shop & Barrage, are in the same pack. It also comes with a redeco of Siege Smashdown. The other multipack has - Read More Generations Selects Autobots Stand United 5 pack Officially Revealed Posted 7 days ago by Bounti76 - 44,409 views We've seen leaks, we've seen rumors, but now we finally have an official reveal (and preorders available!) For the *take a deep breath* Transformers Generations Selects Legacy United Autobots Stand United 5-pack! This set will be released in the Generations Selects line, meaning that preorders should be available at all the usual online retailers. It consists of five Deluxe figures, all in cartoon decos, and in the case of four of them, no longer including translucent plastic, which should - Read More Grand Maximus auction, Transformers G1 toys, Duke #3, GI Joe #304, Spawn #350, Facsimile Comics and more at the Seibertron Store Posted 8 days ago by Seibertron - 50,897 views Visit the Seibertron Store store at shop.seibertron.com Over 7,500+ items are currently available in the Seibertron Store on eBay! We've been busy listing new Transformers toys, comic books and other collectible items which we think might be of interest to you. Special Shipping Promos: $5.00 flat rate shipping if you order 2 or more comics!* $10.00 flat rate shipping if you order 3 or more toys!* * Domestic orders only. Some exclusions apply. New Comics New comic books are - Read More Twincast / Podcast Episode #344 "Journey to the Pegs" Posted 9 days ago by ScottyP - 45,616 views Join the Seibertron.com Twincast / Podcast consisting of your host ScottyP along with Kuhlio, Aaarnhide19 and Mr. Starscream as they discuss and extrapolate on the literal deluge of Transformers leaks for the upcoming 2024-2025 season. "40 for 40" reaches the year 2001, new toys have shown up with no prior official reveal and even Hot Wheels hit the topic list. Yes, Hot Wheels. Episode #344 “Journey to the Pegs” is available directly and in our RSS Feed, and should appear on Apple - Read More The Thirteen Primes and Superion Rumored for 2025 Transformers Generations Line Posted 11 days ago by william-james88 - 71,004 views JtPrime17 has posted listings for the upcoming Transformers Generations line to follow up Legacy. The short name for it is Prime, but its actual name is not confirmed. The theme is the Thirteen Primes and this first year would include Solus Prime, Alchemist Prime, Micronus, The Fallen, Prima, Onyx Prime and Alpha Trion. Check the full list below. Also please remember that some of these may be cancelled or moved to another line. Tra Gen Prime Deluxe Solus Prime Product Number: - Read More New Comics, Cobra Commander #2, Transformers G1 toys, MOTU, TMNT and more at the Seibertron Store Posted 11 days ago by Seibertron - 66,104 views Visit the Seibertron Store store at shop.seibertron.com Over 7,600+ items are currently available in the Seibertron Store on eBay! We've been busy listing new Transformers toys, comic books and other collectible items which we think might be of interest to you. Special Shipping Promos: $5.00 flat rate shipping if you order 2 or more comics!* $10.00 flat rate shipping if you order 3 or more toys!* * Domestic orders only. Some exclusions apply. New Comics New comic books are - Read More Upcoming 2025 Wave of Legacy United Rereleases Cosmos and Galaxy Shuttle among Others Posted 12 days ago by william-james88 - 75,882 views Thanks to JTPrime, we now know of new listings within the Legacy United line. While G2 Breakdown and Armada Wheeljack are new, all others are reteleases of sought after toys and figures which were moved, like Sureshot and core class BW Dinobot. Fans should be very happy about this. Jtprime17 wrote:Tra Gen legacy UNI Core BW Dinobot Product Number: F8519 Tra Gen Legacy UNI Dlx G1 Sureshot Product Number: F8531 Tra Gen Legacy UNI Dlx G2 Breakdown Product Number: G0134 Tra Gen - Read More New listings for Studio Series 86 Leaders Megatron and Galvatron Posted 12 days ago by william-james88 - 69,111 views Jtprime17 has two more Studio Series listings to share. Remember, we only had news of the voyagers and deluxes and now we know about two of the upcoming leaders. They are: Tra Gen Studio series Ldr 86 Galvatron Product Number: G0481 Tra Gen Studio series Ldr 86 Megatron Product Number: G0484 We do not know if Galvatron is a new mold or a redeco of the previous leader - Read More First Look at Transformers Legacy United Beasts Machine Cheetor Posted 13 days ago by william-james88 - 67,598 views A Columbian Transformers fan had a fun surprise today when they found Transformers Legacy United Beasts Machine Cheetor. This toy has yet to be officially revealed or even leaked so this is our first look at this cute little cheetah. Juan Diaz, who found the toy, took images snd made a review so you can see all this toy has to offer. - Read More We are Getting an Official Transforming Ninja Turtles Party Wagon from Hasbro Posted 13 days ago by william-james88 - 67,645 views While we were pretty sure that "project renaissance" was a reference to an upcoming Ninja Turtles Transformers figure, we now have a full listing name of the product which confirms it to be so. Better yet, we know the kind of vehicle it will be, the Party Wagon. We also have more news relating to the Amazon exclusive Mayhem two packs which shows that this is how we will get Windsweeper, who was originally supposed to be a selects release. This is great news to fans who were worries Windsweeper - Read More Hasbro Pulse Video Shows Off Painted HasLab Omega Prime Figures and Highlights Features Posted 14 days ago by Emerje - 59,462 views Hasbro Pulse on YouTube has released a video showing off HasLab Omega Prime completely hand painted today. It should be mentioned that this is purely representative of the final figure which will be molded in colored plastic with painted details and not fully painted. The video also shows off some of the features that were skipped or glossed over in the initial reveal like the storage for Blue Bolts in Ultra Magnus, his compatibility with carrying Deluxe cars and Prime's extending ladder. The - Read More 2025 Studio Series Leak Features Bayverse, TF:One and SS86 Constructicons Posted 14 days ago by Emerje - 63,285 views Thanks to consistently accurate leaker Jtprime17, by way of our own Seibertronian EvasionModeBumblebee, we have a list of what may be all of the Studio Series retail releases for 2025. No, that's not a typo, it's the end of February 2024 and we already know what's coming out next year. Once the shock wears off there's some really interesting things listed here. For one we seem to be going back to the Bayverse movies in a pretty big way! Hatchet seems to have found a new home after the Target - Read More Transformers SS Leader Class Concept Art Megatron Found in Canada + Video Review and Comparisons Posted 17 days ago by william-james88 - 61,763 views The hotly anticipated leader class Concept Art Megatron from the Studio Series line has been found in Canada. The sightings started in Quebec Walmarts but have spread across the country since. The release date for the US is still March, at the moment. Below you will find comparison shots for scale along with a review that compares this toy with past examples of leader class Transformers to see how the leader class budget is spent on this toy, and for you to see if it is worthwhile or - Read More First Listing for Transformers Hotwheels Toys Posted 19 days ago by william-james88 - 68,928 views Have you seen those licenced Hotwheels toys in stores? They have some for x-men, Mandalorian, dc heroes and the like. And now we will have some Transformers as well. They will be in 1/64 scale, so the standard Hotwheels size we know. The difference between these and Jada toys is that these would not be the Transformers characters in alt mode but instead, like other Hotwheels licenced toys, be cars with the character's logo or image on it. And that's evident with the fact that aside from the - Read More Review for Transformers Year of the Dragon Crimsonflame + North American Distribution Posted 20 days ago by william-james88 - 55,428 views While Transformers Year of the Dragon Crimsonflame was revealed a while back, it was unclear whether or not it would get North American distribution. Well, Amazon.ca had it listed at $40 CAD and shipping in April. It sold out instantly but with it being sold by Amazon for the Canadian market, it could be that we see it eventually available for US distribution (either by Amazon or another retailer. Amazon.ca ended up shipping these early so some western fans have them in hand now. Here is a - Read More Hasbro Says Transformers is one of the Brightest Spots for Growth / Sales in their Entire Toy Portfolio Posted 20 days ago by william-james88 - 61,069 views According to Hasbro's 4th quarter earning call, of all the brands and toys being sold by Hasbro, Transformers has the most enviable growth. Of course, this is due to more toys out during a movie year (with Rise of the Beasts getting its own line) but what's important is the toys sold. We had seen and heard from Hasbro in the past that franchises like Star Wars may not sell well (or be profitable for a toy maker) during a movie year. But it isn't the case for Transformers, which had a 35% growth - Read More View the rest of our exciting Transformers news here!Transformers Toy SightingsView All Items · Store Locator · Sightings ForumThese items were recently sighted at retail stores: 107 Scorponok (RotB) 6 sightings 108 Wheeljack (RotB) 4 sightings Snarl 3 sightings Twincast with Rewind 17 sightings Metalhawk 22 sightings Medix 5 sightings Beast Battle Masters Airazor 6 sightings Tigerhawk 2 sightings Transformers and More @ The Seibertron Store Visit our store on eBay These are affiliate links. We may earn commissions when you purchase items or services through these links. NEW! DUKE #3 Cvr D 1:25 ... GI JOE SNAKE EYES ... NEW! GI JOE YEARBOOK #3 ... VOID RIVALS #1 2nd ... VOID RIVALS #4 Cvr ... VOID RIVALS #6 Cvr ... NEW! DUKE #2 Cvr B Imag ... VOID RIVALS #4 Cvr ... GI JOE #9 Cvr A ID ... VOID RIVALS #2 Cvr ... NEW! GI JOE Real Americ ... GI JOE SNAKE EYES ... GI JOE SNAKE EYES ... DUKE #1 Cvr F 1:10 ... * Price and quantities subject to change. Shipping costs, taxes and other fees not included in cost shown. Refer to listing for current price and availability. Find the items above and thousands more at the Seibertron Store on eBay Twincast / Podcast #344:"Journey to the Pegs" MP3 · iTunes · RSS · View · Discuss · Ask Posted: Saturday, February 24th, 2024 Featured Products on Amazon.com These are affiliate links. We may earn commissions when you purchase items or services through these links. The Ultimate Caption ContestLatest: Optimus Prime on his deathbed Google Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer Safari Opera Compatible with the latest versions of the world's most popular browsers. Report problems you experience here. Seibertron.com - The Ultimate Transformers Fansite Main Sections Transformers News Transformers Toys Section Transformers Toy Galleries Energon Pub Forums Transformers Films Trnsformers Database Cartoons & Comics Transformers Related Events Heavy Metal War Game Social Network Live Action Movies Transformers: Rise of the Beasts Movie News Movie Toy Galleries Movie Related Galleries Live Action Movies Forum News Section View All News Toy News Comic Book News Cartoon News Rumors Podcasts Multimedia News Submit News RSS Feeds Multimedia Content Listen to our Podcast Twincast/Podcast RSS Feed Twincast/Podcast on iTunes Video Game Forum DVD Set Galleries Region Free DVDs? Here's how! Seibertron.com on YouTube Toys Section View Toy News Transformers Toys Forum Transformers Toy Sightings Buy, Sell or Trade Forum View All Galleries (A - Z) Newest Galleries Most Popular Galleries Generations Transformers Movie Toys Transformers Prime Seibertron Store Affiliate Retailers Amazon.com Walmart.com Target.com eBay Events Event News Event Galleries Hasbro PulseCon 2020 NEW! Toy Fair 2020 Wonderfest 2020 NYCC 2019 SDCC 2019 HASCON 2017 Last Knight Premieres TFNation 2016 BotCon 2016 Transformers Exhibit 2015 Transformers The Ride - 3D Cartoons & Comics Cartoons & Comics Forum View Cartoon Related News Comic Book News Transformers: Mosaic Ultimate Caption Contest Social Network Join Seibertron.com Message Board Seibertron Store on ebay Seibertron Store on Amazon Like us on Facebook View our posts on Bluesky View our posts on X Pin us on Pinterest Discover us on Myspace View us on Instagram Connect with us on LinkedIn Watch us on YouTube Miscellaneous Privacy Policy About Contact Us Part-Time Help Wanted Submit News Translate Join Sign in Seibertron.com is an unofficial Transformers fansite. It is not associated with nor endorsed by Hasbro or Takara Tomy. Transformers® is a registered trademark of Hasbro, Inc. Visit Transformers.com to view Hasbro's official Transformers website or visit Takara Tomy's official Transformers website. This page contains affiliate links. We may earn commissions when readers interact with or purchase items through these links. For more information, see our affiliate disclosures here. 11,110 pages were recently viewed by 2,356 unique visitors. This page was viewed 186 times on Tuesday, March 5th 2024 1:39pm CST. © 2024 Seibertron LLC. All Rights Reserved. Established June 2000. Seibertron.com is operated by Ryan Yzquierdo.