Home - Einstein Bros. Bagels Home Menu Rewards Locations Franchise Catering Nutrition Contact Gift Cards Careers Home Menu Rewards Locations Franchise Catering Nutrition Contact Gift Cards Careers Locations ORDER ONLINE Home Menu Rewards Locations Franchise Catering Menu Home Menu Rewards Locations Franchise Catering Nutrition Contact Gift Cards Careers Menu Nutrition Contact Gift Cards Careers Order Online WE'RE PICKING UP THE TAB!​ Earn Unlimited Free Coffee​ Learn More *At participating locations. What’s For Breakfast? Bagels & Shmear Bagel Me Egg Sandwiches Get it now Good for Groups Feed my team Best Breakfast ‘Round It starts with bagels, fresh-from-the-oven and ends with total satisfaction. Discover your next breakfast. Farmhouse Egg SandwichOooh Yeah...OrderNova LoxOooh Yeah...OrderAvocado ToastOooh Yeah...OrderBacon, Avocado & Tomato Egg White SandwichOooh Yeah...OrderChorizo Breakfast BurritoOooh Yeah...Order Farmhouse Egg SandwichOooh Yeah...OrderNova LoxOooh Yeah...OrderAvocado ToastOooh Yeah...OrderBacon, Avocado & Tomato Egg White SandwichOooh Yeah...OrderChorizo Breakfast BurritoOooh Yeah...Order Bagels Make Great Gifts Treat the breakfast fan in your life to an Einstein Bros. gift card. They know our bagels are fresh-from-the-oven and your gift card is straight from the heart. Buy Gift Cards Sign Up For Rewards Your first perk: Free Bagel & Shmear with purchase! Tell me more Order In A Snap Skip the line every time when you order online or in the app. cut the line It Pays To Cater With Us! Get an Amazon gift card when you order at ebcatering.com. $10 with $150 order | $20 with $200 order | $50 with $500 order. Use promo code MYGIFT at checkout. Order Catering Now Order catering Terms and conditions apply. You had me at fresh-from-the-oven bagels. Order Now Einstein Bros. Bagels Einstein Bros.® Bagels is your neighborhood bagel shop. We’re proud to provide our guests with freshly baked bagels, breakfast sandwiches, lunch sandwiches, coffee, catering and so much more. Stop on in. We’ll have a fresh bagel and cup of coffee ready for you.Einstein Bros.® Bagels is part of Panera Brands, one of the nation’s largest fast casual restaurant companies, comprised of Panera Bread®, Caribou Coffee® and Einstein Bros.® Bagels. Our Menu Fresh-Baked Bagels, Specialty Sandwiches, Coffee and more Frequently Asked Questions Catering Menu Start Your Order Our Bagels Take & Toast Bagels from Einstein Bros. Bagels In-Store Menu Frequently Asked Questions Catering Menu Start Your Order Our Bagels Take & Toast Bagels from Einstein Bros. Bagels In-Store Menu Our Company A neighborhood gathering place for good conversation and great food Careers Contact Media Inquiry Franchise Environmental, Social & Governance Wholesale Careers Contact Media Inquiry Franchise Environmental, Social & Governance Wholesale Stay Connected Facebook-square Twitter Instagram Youtube © 2024 Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Web Accessibility Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Web Accessibility Manage Cookie Consent Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. uses cookies to remember users, general device information, and browsing behavior to provide improved functionality and a better site experience. By continuing on this site, you accept these cookies. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Manage consent