Digital Photography School ✓ Start Here Photo Tips Gear Post-Processing Courses eBooks Presets About dPS Write for dPS Advertise on dPS Affiliate Program ✓ Start Here Photo Tips Tips for Beginners Portrait Photography Tips Landscape Photography Tips Most Recent The Reciprocal Rule in Photography, Explained How to Capture Amazing Bird Photography Compositions dPS Bi-Weekly Photo Challenge: Electric The Ultimate Guide to Architectural Photography Gear The Most Popular Digital Cameras (in 2022) Popular Lenses Smartphone Photography Most Recent Night Photography Equipment: 10 Must-Have Items in 2024 11 Best Lenses for Landscape Photography (in 2024) Nikon Autofocus Not Working? Try These 7 Troubleshooting Steps The 12 Best Cameras for Travel Photography in 2024 Post-Processing Presets Lightroom Tips Photoshop Tips GIMP Tips Skylum Aurora HDR & Luminar Most Recent How to Fix Overexposed Photos: A Comprehensive Guide How to Create Your Own Lightroom Presets (Step By Step) The Essential Guide to Object Selection in Lightroom The 6 Types of Lightroom Previews (And How to Use Them) Courses eBooks Search: Search: LOVE PHOTOGRAPHY? Digital Photography School has what you need to take your photography to the next level. We offer daily tips, resources and free tutorials that will help you get the most out your camera and create stunning photos Start Here Digital Photography School Photography Tips & Tutorials by Adam Welch The Reciprocal Rule in Photography, Explained Learn all about the reciprocal rule in photography (a simple guideline for sharp shots)! Understand when the rule works -... by Jaymes Dempsey How to Capture Amazing Bird Photography Compositions Creating breathtaking bird photo compositions doesn't have to be hard. We share seven powerful techniques for amazing avian images! by Sime dPS Bi-Weekly Photo Challenge: Electric 'Electric' is a pretty broad theme, and we're leaving it to you to interpret it as you would like. Under... by Simon Bond The Ultimate Guide to Architectural Photography Capture architectural photos like a pro. Enhance your images with gear advice, compositional techniques, exposure blending, and more! by Frank Myrland Symmetry in Photography: A Comprehensive Guide (+ Examples) Discover how to use symmetry for stunning results. We share tips, tricks, and examples to get started with symmetrical compositions. See More Photography Tips & Tutorials Post Production by Ana Mireles How to Fix Overexposed Photos: A Comprehensive Guide Struggling with overexposure? We share tips and techniques to fix overexposed images (including post-processing and in-the-field adjustments). by Andrew S. Gibson How to Create Your Own Lightroom Presets (Step By Step) Discover how to make a Lightroom preset, step by step. Plus, we share tips and tricks to get the most... by Simon Ringsmuth The Essential Guide to Object Selection in Lightroom Speed up your editing workflow with Lightroom's object selection tools! A hands-on guide to this amazing, AI-powered feature. by Andrew S. Gibson The 6 Types of Lightroom Previews (And How to Use Them) What's the difference between the Lightroom previews? Discover 6 different preview types (and which you should use!). by Lily Sawyer Photo Editing for Beginners: A Simple Introduction Looking to get started with photo editing? Discover a step-by-step process you can use to enhance your photos (with any... by Daniel Korzeniewski How to Remove Chromatic Aberration in Lightroom Discover a quick way to remove chromatic aberration in Lightroom. We explain a simple, step-by-step process to fix fringing issues! See More Post Production Cameras & Equipment by Jim Hamel Night Photography Equipment: 10 Must-Have Items in 2024 What equipment do you need to capture stunning images at night? These 10 items are an essential part of every... by Jeremy Flint 11 Best Lenses for Landscape Photography (in 2024) We share 11 landscape lenses for beginners, enthusiasts, and beyond. Pick the perfect lens for landscape photography! by Lily Sawyer Nikon Autofocus Not Working? Try These 7 Troubleshooting Steps If your Nikon AF system is having problems, these steps should do the trick! Learn how to identify lens glitches,... by Matt Murray The 12 Best Cameras for Travel Photography in 2024 Need a camera for your travel adventures? We share our top 12 favorite travel photography cameras, including options at all... by John McIntire How to Use a Ring Light for Gorgeous Photos (+ 5 Creative Ideas) How do you use a ring light? We share a step-by-step approach to ring light photography (along with plenty of... See More Cameras & Equipment Resources Book Fast FLASH For Portrait Perfection This 125-page how-to guide will give you the skills and confidence to create the light you need and shot beautiful... Book Life in Natural Light The secrets to finding and using natural light with your photography to tell unique visual stories, enhance mood and increase... Book Portraits: After The Shot Transform your dull and lifeless portraits into stunning images with professional tips from our post-processing guide. See More Resources About dPS Write for dPS Advertise on dPS Affiliate Program Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © 2006 - 2024 Digital Photography School, All Rights Reserved / Disclaimer