Favourite Book Reader – FBReader FBReader Favourite Book Reader Platform Android iOS Windows Mac Linux Chrome OS Obsolete versions News All news Telegram channel RSS Get Help F.A.Q. Chat Book formats Book sources ЛитРес book store About us More The book network FBReader SDK Support the project The book network The SDK Support the project Сайт на русском FBReader is a popular (30+ million installs) ebook reader. Works on iOS, Android, Windows, Mac OS, Linux, and Chrome OS. FBReader supports many ebook formats, including ePub, mobi, fb2, HTML, RTF, plain text. The primary formats are ePub and fb2. FBReader uses its own book parser and rendering engine. The engine is lightweight, fast, and highly customisable. FBReader is not open-source since 2015. For developers, we offer FBReader SDK: a library for building own ebook reader. For Windows Wrong platform? Mac OS Linux Chrome OS Android iOS FBReader for Windows is available for free from the Microsoft Store and from this site. It works on Windows 10 (build 17763 and higher) and Windows 11. We have not officially packaged it for earlier versions of Windows. You can download and extract the package on your own risk. For Mac OS Wrong platform? Windows Linux Chrome OS Android iOS FBReader works on Mac OS 10.14 and higher, both Intel and Apple Silicon platforms. You can either install FBReader from the Mac App Store or download the package from this site. The versions are slightly different: the App Store variant scratches out ebook purchases as the Apple guidelines require. For Linux Wrong platform? Windows Mac OS Chrome OS Android iOS FBReader 2.0 for Linux is free but not open-source. The app for Linux is available from the Snap Store. Additionally, we recently published RPMs for Fedora 38 on this site. Packages for other popular distros might come shortly. For Chrome OS Wrong platform? Windows Mac OS Linux Android iOS We provide no separate build for Chrome OS. However, the Android app works well on Chromebooks. You can either install FBReader from the Play Store or download the package from this site. For Android Wrong platform? Windows Mac OS Linux Chrome OS iOS FBReader for Android is on the market since 2009. You can install the app from Google Play, Huawei App Gallery, or download the package directly from this site. There are several variants of FBReader for Android: free, premium, beta, plugins… Please read the description carefully to understand what exactly you need. Or skip the details, click the installation button and enjoy comfortable reading. :) For iOS Wrong platform? Windows Mac OS Linux Chrome OS Android FBReader works on all devices with iOS 9.3 and higher. In the free version, the library size is limited to ten books, and online translators are disabled. You can upgrade to the full version for a fee. The current version does not support third-party network catalogues. We will add this feature soon. Latest News SDK 1.1.2 for Android 7th February 2024 FBReader 3.6.0, released today, is built on this version of the SDK Zip archives reading migrated to libzip The new code is faster and more stable FBReader 3.6.0 for Android 7th February 2024 Cards view in the library Migration to libzip Huawei AppGallery license check fix Build Your Own Reader If you want to create your own ebook reader on the FBReader engine, use FBReader SDK. The SDK is currently available for Android and iOS. The SDK for other platforms might be available by request. Please, contact us via email. The SDK includes the parser and rendering engine for text formats, i.e. ePub, fb2, mobi, etc. It does not support PDFs. You can download the SDK and develop your app for free. If you decide to release the app, you have to buy the SDK key that removes warnings and unlocks all the features. The price starts from £800 for a single key. You pay once and have access to all upcoming updates. Get Help The app does not work as expected? You cannot do what you want? Are you need some help? First, please check our F.A.Q. This only takes a few minutes, and you have a chance to resolve the issue quickly. If you are sure you need to chat with someone, please get in touch with us via Telegram. That is the primary and most quick way to get online support. The Book Network Online storage for your electronic library. Store books in your Google Drive™ space. Organise books by authors, by series, etc. Synchronise book collection, reading positions, and bookmarks across devices. Add book from desktop computer to all your devices. Manage your library online. Easy access from web browser and directly from FBReader. Copyright © 2013–2024 FBReader.ORG Limited Terms and conditions Cookie settings English Русский Cookie warning Our site uses cookies to make your browsing convenient. Some cookies are necessary. Please, select your preferred variant below to continue to the FBReader site. Accept all cookies Accept necessary cookies and review others Leave the site