Freemius - The new standard in selling WordPress plugins and themes Features Features Comparison Compare Freemius to EDD, WooCommerce, and CodeCanyon/ThemeForest. Software Licensing Control what features to enable based on the plan and number of site activations. Buy Button Easily embed a buy button on your website. Subscriptions Build a sustainable recurring revenue stream. Automatic Updates Manage and deploy versions all in one place. Seamless EU VAT Offload sales tax collection to Freemius. Cart Abandonment Recovery Recover lost sales with automated emails. Affiliate Platform Manage affiliates. Track clicks, visits & referrals. Analytics & Usage Tracking Get actionable insights on user behavior. User Dashboard A fully-featured members area for customers. Developers Documentation Start by integrating your WordPress plugin or theme in 5 mins to get all our platform features. Get Started Getting Started 🚀 Integration & Config Testing & Debugging Version Deployment Licensing API Buy Button JS API Popular Topics Getting Paid Selling Add-Ons Bundles & Memberships Offering Free Trials Users' Dashboard WordPress SDK PHP SDK System Status Customers Pricing Blog Popular Actionable data-driven content for WordPress plugin, theme, and SaaS developers. Latest Get the most up-to-date posts from our Blog. Business Grow your bottom line with a focus on ROI. Marketing Learn new ways to sell your plugins or themes. Customer Support Discover support best practices and tips. Interviews Hear from the greatest minds in WordPress. Product Releases Stay up to date with Freemius Release Notes. Log In Developer Dashboard - Sellers Manage your products, plans & pricing, customers, affiliates, reviews, etc. User Dashboard - Buyers Manage your profile, websites, downloads, licenses, invoices, subscriptions, etc. Sellers Sign Up Features All Features Licensing Subscriptions Automatic Updates Buy Button User Dashboard Affiliate Platform Cart Recovery EU VAT Analytics Pricing Customers Documentation About Us Blog FAQ User Login - Buyers Developer Login - Sellers Your WordPress business headache? Gone. 😎 Freemius is the new standard in selling premium & freemium software, plugins, themes, templates, and SaaS. Secure Checkout Software Licensing Subscriptions Automatic Updates EU VAT All features... Create an Account Explainer Video End The EU VAT MessLet Freemius handle the EU VAT headache for you by automatically collecting and reporting the required VAT from your sales to EU customers. You carry on developing WordPress plugins/themes.Forget About EU VATEverything You Need To Sell Your WordPress Plugins or ThemesA complete payments, licensing, and software updates solution to sell your WordPress product from your website or to let free users upgrade right from within their WP Admin dashboard. You can forget about installing a self-hosted eCommerce platform and hassling with 20 different add-ons just to get started - setup with Freemius takes minutes.Create an AccountKnow Your WordPress Plugin/Theme Users!Freemius comes with actionable analytics & insights for WordPress developers. A complete profile is automatically created for every customer and user that opts-in, by capturing their emails and important events, giving you useful data to help improve your plugin/theme, reduce support time, and drive more sales. Start making data-driven decisions - leave your competition behind.Explore Analytics7.5% Increase In Revenue With Automated Cart Abandonment RecoveryA fully-featured cart abandonment recovery system is built into the Freemius platform, automatically saving those abandoned digital shopping carts for you. Its abandoned cart recovery rate proves it simply works.Explore Cart Abandonment RecoveryMarketing Automation for WordPress ProductsCapture emails and unlock the power of SaaS like applications to increase user engagement and your bottom-line. An out-of-the-box MailChimp integration and a robust webhooks mechanism to trigger transactional emails and automations based on different product events such as installation, subscription, deactivation, and more.Explore Events & WebhooksA Complete Affiliate PlatformLet affiliates help you acquire new paying customers: Freemius comes with a fully-featured affiliation solution that you can utilize for free and out-of-the-box when selling with Freemius.Explore Affiliate Platform Previous Next Everything You Need To Sell Your WordPress Plugins or Themes In One Solution A complete payments, licensing, and software updates solution to sell your WordPress product from your website or to let free users upgrade right from within their WP Admin dashboard. You can forget about installing a self-hosted eCommerce platform and hassling with 20 different add-ons just to get started – setup with Freemius takes minutes. Create an Account End The EU VAT Mess Let Freemius handle the EU VAT headache for you by automatically collecting and reporting the required VAT from your sales to EU customers. You carry on developing WordPress plugins/themes. Forget About EU VAT Know Your Plugin/Theme Users! Freemius comes with actionable analytics & insights for WordPress developers. A complete profile is automatically created for every customer and user that opts-in, by capturing their emails and important events, giving you useful data to help improve your plugin/theme, reduce support time, and drive more sales. Start making data-driven decisions – leave your competition behind. Explore Analytics 7.5% Increase In Revenue With Included Cart Abandonment Recovery A fully-featured cart abandonment recovery system is built into the Freemius platform, automatically saving those abandoned digital shopping carts for you. Its abandoned cart recovery rate proves it simply works. Explore Cart Recovery Marketing Automation for WordPress Products Capture emails and unlock the power of SaaS like applications to increase user engagement and your bottom-line. An out-of-the-box MailChimp integration and a robust webhooks mechanism to trigger transactional emails and automations based on different product events such as installation, subscription, deactivation, and more. Explore Events & Webhooks A Complete Affiliate Platform Let affiliates help you acquire new paying customers: Freemius comes with a fully-featured affiliation solution that you can utilize for free and out-of-the-box when selling with Freemius. Explore Affiliate Platform By Developers for Developers <👍/> Flexible & friendly. No Complexity. Be up & running in minutes. We know you have enough code & logic complexity to handle in your WordPress product. Get up and running in minutes by leveraging ouring our WordPress SDK, powered by a robust and performant API. paid-features-licensing.php 1 // This `if` block will be stripped from the free version. 2 if ( fs()->is__premium_only() ) { 3 // This will be executed only if the user in a 4 // trial or have a valid license. 5 if ( fs()->can_use_premium_code() ) { 6 // ... paid only logic ... 7 } 8 9 // This will be executed if the user has 10 // activated a 'professional' license (or higher). 11 if ( fs()->is_plan('professional') ) { 12 // ... professional only logic ... 13 } 14 } PHP >= 5.3; WP >= 3.2; Multi-Site Network Integrated; Spice that up with an advanced webhooks mechanism that integrates with any 3rd party service and the sky’s the limit! Licensing Logic Reference I haven’t seen anything else like this available to those of us wanting to build out freemium-based WordPress plugins. Tom McFarlinFounder, Pressware How is Freemius Different From EDD or WooCommerce? In a nutshell, with Freemius, you get all the features out-of-the-box, as a service and for free, so you can focus on your product(s) and marketing, instead of buying a bunch of add-ons and wasting time on eCommerce maintenance.Most importantly, unlike the competing, self-hosted platforms that mostly care about you buying/renewing add-ons, we truly care about the success of your business because our success is aligned with yours. Therefore, we are very hands-on and treat our customers as partners.We are selfishly interested in your success and will help you optimize your bottom-line as much as we can. When you make more money we make more money. It’s as simple as that 🙂 Complete Features Comparison We make sure your subscription-dollars are flowing in,while you can confidently focus on building a great product your customers love! Migrating From Another eCommerce Platform? We’ve got your back! We know that product migration can be painful and time-consuming so our team will take care of the migration process for you for free! Contact Us About Migrating Freemius was featured in... There's no question that Freemius has made it a very real way for plugin developers to offer and sell their products. And Freemius isn't just solving the problem of software license keys. They take care of checkout, taxes, software updates, license keys, and even support an affiliate program. Chris Lema chrislema.com Read Testimonial After only a few months of using Freemius my NET revenues surpassed the NET revenues from CodeCanyon, and in less than a year I doubled my revenues. James Kemp Founder, IconicWP Watch Testimonial Moving from WooCommerce and their licensing API extension to Freemius made our life so much easier. The seamless EU VAT handling streamlined our UK-based business and we can now focus more on our products. The guys at Freemius have been really responsive and we love their vision. Jamie Marsland Owner, Pootlepress Read Case Study Freemius has unlocked a way to let WordPress devs focus on developing plugins and themes. Everything e-commerce and licensing-related is handled for them. Carl Alexander WordPress Developer & Educator After moving our theme shop from WooCommerce to Freemius, our conversion rate immediately increased by 15%. Also, we now have more time to focus on creating better themes. Duke Devidze Partner, WP Royal Themes Watch Testimonial It’s hard to get data about who is using your plugins, and how. Freemius is the best product I’ve seen to help you get more data, and take action on it. Scott Bolinger Co-Founder, AppPresser As a German company, we had to deal with the EU VAT fiasco, collect VAT IDs, process hundreds of invoices, etc. So much hassle! All of this headache is gone after moving to Freemius and our accountant loves the decision. Sven Lehnert CEO, ThemeKraft (BuddyForms) Watch Testimonial 57% increase in revenues on the first month says it all. Freemius is a real business partner, not just a company you buy some plugins from. They genuinely care about my success. I was underestimating my plugin's value, but after moving from WooCommerce to Freemius, the team has helped me with the pricing structure, which immediately changed everything. AbdElfatah AboElghit WooCommerce Builder for Divi Read Case Study Just 4 months after migrating from Easy Digital Downloads to Freemius, we've already recorded a 100% growth in revenue compared to last year. Robert Abela Owner, WP Security Audit Log Watch Testimonial The kind of insight and analytics that Freemius can offer about plugin users is unheard of. Erick Danzer Owner, Imagely (NextGEN Gallery) Read Case Study Freemius was the difference between working on my WordPress plugin as a hobby to a full-time job, like it is now. Rui Guerreiro Owner, WP Mobile Menu Watch Testimonial Since switching from EDD to Freemius in 2017, we’ve had happier customers, lower uninstall rate, and overall a better performance in getting sales. If you’re looking to monetize your WordPress plugins or themes, Freemius is definitely the way to go. Benjamin Intal Founder, Frontly Read Case Study Previous Next Frequently Asked Questions What type of products can I sell with Freemius?While our backend enables you to sell any type of digital products, Freemius is currently focused on selling WordPress themes, plugins, and add-ons, as well as “serviceware” plugins. We’ve built a special WordPress SDK that makes the integration a snap. If you’d like to use Freemius for other platforms you’ll need to integrate directly with our API. Can I sell premium-only plugins/themes with Freemius?Yes! You can sell premium plugins and themes, as well as freemium products. Once you set up your plans you’ll get a special JavaScript snippet for our “Buy Button”, which you can use on any HTML website (not only with WordPress). We'll also provide you with a snippet to test the checkout with SANDBOX payment methods. Where can I sell my WordPress plugins/themes with Freemius?You can sell your products from your website using the “Buy Button”, or directly from the WP Admin of your free users, if you’re selling a freemium product. There’s also an option of sending direct secure links (which will be generated for you automatically) to the checkout. Can I use Freemius with my WordPress.org plugin/theme? Yes, you can! If you are leveraging the freemium business-model – WordPress.org is a great distribution channel for getting free users. Our WordPress SDK is compliant with the WordPress.org guidelines and has been reviewed and approved, by the plugins and themes review teams. In fact, there are currently hundreds of products that are hosted on WordPress.org and are using Freemius. Stripe / PayPal is not supported in my country, can I still use Freemius? Yes! As we resell your products you do not need to set up any payment gateways. The payments will be processed via our gateways and we’ll pay out your earnings once a month via PayPal, Payoneer, or Bank Wires (IBAN/SWIFT). Which payment methods do you support? By selling your product through Freemius, you can immediately take purchases via PayPal and all major Credit Cards. Behind the scenes, we use PayPal and Stripe as our payment gateways. PayPal is not supported in my country, how will I get paid? If PayPal is not supported in your country, we can either make a transfer to your Payoneer account or wire the earnings directly to your bank using IBAN/SWIFT. Do I have to sell exclusively with Freemius? Not at all! We don’t believe in “locking” our customers in. We are committed to continuously provide value for your businesses, so you WANT to keep working with us, even though you don’t HAVE to. Does Freemius support recurring-payments / subscriptions? We sure do. In fact, Freemius was built as a “subscriptions-first” solution, since we believe that this is the right path for a sustainable business. You can sell annual, as well as monthly subscriptions through Freemius, which will automatically be renewed, based on the purchased billing cycle. We invested a lot of work into email marketing automations like the Dunning mechanism to maximize the renewal rates, as well as email reminders to avoid renewal surprises. Is it possible to use Freemius for selling memberships to my theme shop? Selling subscription-based memberships for your theme shop, monthly and annual, has never been more straightforward. You can configure and sell multiple plans/tiers, offer any combination of your products (or all of them), and set different price points, based on the number of sites that the license will be valid for. Moreover, you can sell any combination of products: themes, plugins, and add-ons. Can I sell add-ons/extensions with Freemius? For sure! The add-ons business-model is one of the popular models in the WordPress ecosystem. Hence, we made sure to fully support it, whether you are selling plugin add-ons or theme add-ons. I have multiple premium products, can I sell bundles through Freemius? Absolutely 🙂 Selling bundles is a great way to pump-up the CLTV (Customer Lifetime Value). Our bundles mechanism allows you to sell any combination of add-ons, as well as plugins and themes. Your customers will receive a single license key that they will be able to use for all the products in the purchased bundle. Features Features Comparison Software Licensing Checkout & Buy Button Recurring Payments & Subscriptions Automatic Software Updates Complete EU VAT Handling Cart Abandonment Recovery Affiliate Platform Analytics & Usage Tracking User Dashboard Product GDPR Readiness Sales Tax Compliance EU VAT Collection SCA & 3DS 2.0 Changelog Compare with Easy Digital Downloads WooCommerce Company About Us Pricing Customers Careers Brand Assets Contact Learn Blog plugin.fm Podcast YouTube Careers Business Development Manager Senior Full Stack Developer Migrations Specialist Helpful Links FAQ Documentation Free Resources WordPress SDK PHP SDK System Status Copyright © Freemius ®, Inc. Facebook-f Twitter Linkedin-in Youtube Rss Terms of Service · Vendor Terms · Privacy Policy · Cookies Policy We use tools, such as cookies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site, products and services. By clicking CONTINUE, you agree to our use of these tools for advertising, analytics and support Continue Learn More