Bisq - A decentralized bitcoin exchange network En De En Es Fr Pt Pt (Br) Ru 日本語 简体中文 Getting Started Bisq DAO Dashboard FAQ Markets Blog Wiki Downloads Learn More Wiki Blog Downloads All Downloads Go to Downloads Page Download for Windows .exe Download for macOS .dmg Download for Debian/Ubuntu .deb Download for Red Hat/Fedora .rpm Download for Arch Linux Arch User Repo Source Code zip | tar.gz Release Notes v1.9.14 Verification PGP signatures | PGP Public Key En De En Es Fr Pt Pt (Br) Ru 日本語 简体中文 Exchange, Decentralized. Buy and sell bitcoin for fiat (or other cryptocurrencies) privately and securely using Bisq's peer-to-peer network and open-source desktop software. No registration required. Download for Windows .exe Download for macOS .dmg Download for Debian/Ubuntu .deb Download for Red Hat/Fedora .rpm Downloads Get Bisq Downloads Get Android Notifications App Get iOS Notification app Get Started All Downloads | v1.9.14 | You appear to be running Windows You appear to be using macOS You appear to be using Debian/Ubuntu You appear to be using Red Hat/Fedora Current Version Features No Identity Verification Get started in minutes. No need to wait for approval from a central authority. Decentralized Trading takes place on a global P2P network of users running Bisq on their own machines. Safe Bisq never holds your funds. Deposits held in 2-of-2 multisig wallets encourage safe, successful trades. Private Your data is stored locally on-disk, and is never sent to a central server. Every Bisq node is a Tor hidden service by default. Open Code is open-source, and project strategy is discussed openly on Keybase and GitHub. Easy to Use We've made all this sophistication simple—make your first trade in under 10 minutes! The Bisq DAO Decentralized governance for a decentralized exchange, built on top of Bitcoin. Learn more here. How to Get Started With Bisq, you can start trading in less than 10 minutes: Download the app, or build it from source. Add your national or crypto currency accounts. Create new offer or take an existing one. Follow the user interface to finalize the trade. Join the Community Bisq is always looking for highly-skilled developers, designers and security experts to join our community. If you’re interested in helping make Bisq better, there are many ways to contribute. We’d love to hear from you! GitHub Twitter Mastodon YouTube Forum Freenode IRC Reddit Matrix Telegram Bisq mobile notification App © 2022 Bisq Resources Roadmap Contribute Benefactors Market Data API Join the Community