The George Washington University Skip to main content Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Email GWeb Blackboard Directory Give Apply Main Bootstrap Navigation About Leadership Our Location Foggy Bottom Campus Mount Vernon Campus Virginia Science & Technology Campus Online & Virginia Academic Centers Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Graduate Academics Schools & Colleges Academic Calendar Research GW Experience Campus Life Traditions Internships & Career Services Athletics & Recreation Campus Health Arts & Culture About Leadership Our Location Foggy Bottom Campus Mount Vernon Campus Virginia Science & Technology Campus Online & Virginia Academic Centers Admissions & Aid Undergraduate Graduate Academics Schools & Colleges Academic Calendar Research GW Experience Campus Life Traditions Internships & Career Services Athletics & Recreation Campus Health Arts & Culture Enter the terms you wish to search for. Homepage Previous Next While much has changed over GW’s 200 years, what endures is our never-endingcommitment to creating a greater world. Find a Program Visit Apply MAKE AN IMPACT Native Washingtonian Gives Back to D.C. Public Schools GW sophomore Eden Parker in 2022 was one of 10 D.C. residents and high school graduates awarded the Stephen Joel Trachtenberg Scholarship, which covers tuition, room, board, books and fees throughout four years at GW. In her position as an SJT scholar, Parker has felt compelled to share her journey and some of the opportunities she has earned to other passionate DC Public School students. In March she'll help the Nashman Center host DCPS students on a retreat to GW, giving those youth a chance to set foot on a college campus and plant the seeds of inspiration. “Having those conversations with other DCPS students, I’m able to see where there’s a lack of awareness about resources we have and the need in D.C. schools,” Parker said. “I want to give back in that sense, just because I am a little bit more aware now. Find a Program Explore the GW Experience NEWS AND EVENTS Africa’s ‘Iron Lady’ Ellen Johnson Sirleaf Visits GW GW’s Institute for African Studies inaugurates the Bridges Institute Africa Series in conversation with the Nobel Peace Laureate and former president of Liberia. LATEST HEADLINESWeek of: March 4 Students Lead Celebration of South Asian Heritage at GW Fast & Furious: Students Sprint through Speed-Thesis Contest 'Who Much Is Given, Much Is Required': The Story of GW Women’s Basketball Player Nya Lok Subscribe to GW Today #GWTODO View More STORIES FROM OUR COMMUNITY Countdown to Commencement On Sunday, May 19, GW will celebrate the Class of 2024 at University Commencement on the National Mall. This #OnlyAtGW celebration brings together students from all of GW's schools and colleges for the conferral of their degrees. Visit the GW Commencement website for more information and the full schedule of events. GW Together President Granberg is engaging with the campus community, capital region stakeholders, and alumni, families, and friends across the U.S. over the next several months. Join us for a GW Together event to share your ideas for GW’s future and hear her thoughts on GW’s strengths and impact on the world. “It was an inspiring experience to not only meet Bill Clinton, but to work alongside him to give back to the community around us. I am very grateful to GW for selecting me and my teammates to be part of this incredible opportunity.“ JOE GURSKY Marketing A Diverse Community is a Strong Community Collaboration, Respect, Openness and Diversity are core values that define the George Washington University (GW). The Accessibility Notice and Equal Opportunity (EO) Statement shared here reflect our desire to make this a welcoming and inclusive space for all students, visitors and members of our broader community. Accessibility Notice The George Washington University (GW) is committed to making all web properties and web content accessible and usable for everyone, including people with disabilities, by employing principles of universal design and striving to conform to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1. If you experience a barrier that affects your ability to access GW websites, videos or other digital content, please let us know. Equal Opportunity (EO) Statement The George Washington University does not unlawfully discriminate against any person on any basis prohibited by federal law, the District of Columbia Human Rights Act, or other applicable law, including without limitation, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, pregnancy, or familial or marital status. This policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of the university, including admission to education programs and employment. Find a Program Interactive Campus Map Athletics Give to GW Contact GW Undergraduate Visits Graduate Visits Apply GW Careers Campus Advisories Resources for Undocumented Individuals Calendars Accessibility Consumer Information GW Today GW Magazine Media Room Copyright Terms of Use Website Privacy Notice EO/Nondiscrimination Policy Title IX GW is committed to digital accessibility. If you experience a barrier that affects your ability to access content on this page, let us know via the Accessibility Feedback Form. The George Washington University 1918 F Street, NWWashington, DC 20052 202-994-1000