Dermandar Home About Press Contact SDK Main Menu Home About Press Contact SDK Sign Up Login Dermandar is a company specialized in Digital Image Technologies. DMD Panorama: Create and share panoramic images blazingly quick with a fully automated capture system. Features: - Fully automated capture system - Blazing fast stitching, see the results in no time - Immersive 3D viewer, pinch or double tap to zoom, autoplay... - Full 360 panoramas - Panorama sharing on Facebook, Twitter, email, etc... 360visit: create instantly and publish a gorgeous 360 walkthrough with your phone theVRkit: is a hardware-software kit that turns any smartphone into a high resolution 360 camera StereoStitch: is a Real-Time 3D 360 Video Stitching Software. No need to wait for the content to be ready, all post–processing such as stitching, colour correction, stereo or 3D generation are completed in a single super fast process Follow @StereoStitch Dermandar is a company specialized in Digital Image Technologies. For any custom development project, you can check metapeakx.com. We would like to thank the following providers of free libraries or services that some of our applications use: The Independent JPEG Group: that writes and distributes a widely used library for JPEG image compression. Darrel Commander: that writes and distributes libjpeg-turbo, a JPEG image codec that uses SIMD instructions (MMX, SSE2, NEON) to accelerate baseline JPEG compression and decompression. Mark Borgerding: that writes and distributes Kiss FFT, a very simple and efficient Fast Fourier Transform library. ASIHTTPRequest: Good CFNetwork API wrapper. Contact Us Contact Us Thanks for your interest in Dermandar. If you have any comments, suggestions, or need assistance, don't hesitate to drop us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible. * All fields are mandatory Contact Details Name: required field Email Address: required field Confirm Email Address: match required Content Details Subject: required field Message: required field ©2024 Dermandar S.A.L. All Rights Reserved.