Featured Blogs - Forrester Skip to content Blogs & Podcasts Blogs Complimentary Webinars Podcasts Who We Serve Technology Customer Experience Digital Business B2C Marketing B2B Marketing Sales Product Management Government Featured Insights Annual Planning Client Success Stories Cross-Functional Alignment Customer Obsession Generative AI Predictions Sustainability Zero Trust Security What We Offer Research Forrester Decisions is our portfolio of research services that helps executives, functional leaders, and their teams plan and pursue their most pressing initiatives. Blank B2B Marketing Executives B2B Sales B2C Marketing Executives Customer Experience Demand & ABM Digital Business & Strategy Partner Ecosystem Marketing Portfolio Marketing Blank Product Management Revenue Operations Security & Risk Technology Architecture & Delivery Technology Executives Forrester Market Insights Blank Consulting Events B2B Summits CX Summits Technology Summits ADDITIONAL OFFERINGS Analyst Relations Council Certification FeedbackNow Reprints Who We Are About Us Our Objectivity Diversity And Inclusion Environmental, Social, and Governance Blank Our Leadership Our Board Newsroom Careers Investor Relations Home Events Conferences & Summits Webinars Workshops Search Forrester Cart Log In Become A Client My Account Home Manage Account Get Help Log Out Forrester Cart Show Menu Log In Search My Account Home Manage Account Get Help Log Out Blogs & Podcasts Blogs Complimentary Webinars Podcasts Who We Serve Technology Customer Experience Digital Business B2C Marketing B2B Marketing Sales Product Management Government Featured Insights Annual Planning Client Success Stories Cross-Functional Alignment Customer Obsession Generative AI Predictions Sustainability Zero Trust Security What We Offer Research Forrester Decisions is our portfolio of research services that helps executives, functional leaders, and their teams plan and pursue their most pressing initiatives. Blank B2B Marketing Executives B2B Sales B2C Marketing Executives Customer Experience Demand & ABM Digital Business & Strategy Partner Ecosystem Marketing Portfolio Marketing Blank Product Management Revenue Operations Security & Risk Technology Architecture & Delivery Technology Executives Forrester Market Insights Blank Consulting Events B2B Summits CX Summits Technology Summits ADDITIONAL OFFERINGS Analyst Relations Council Certification FeedbackNow Reprints Who We Are About Us Our Objectivity Diversity And Inclusion Environmental, Social, and Governance Blank Our Leadership Our Board Newsroom Careers Investor Relations Home Events Conferences & Summits Webinars Workshops Become A Client Featured Blogs Blog Call For Entries: Forrester Technology Awards, 2024 Frederic Giron February 5, 2024 We’re now accepting nominations for our Technology Strategy Impact and Enterprise Architecture Awards across the NA, EMEA, and APAC regions. Learn more about the awards and how to apply in this post. Read More Blog Are You Advertising During This Election Cycle? Read This First. Audrey Chee-Read 5 hours ago The US election cycle in 2024 will it be the priciest media buy to date. Get three tips on how to prepare your advertising spend for the upcoming cycle. Read More Podcast Will Digital Agencies Disappear? What It Means 6 days ago As all marketing becomes digital marketing, the need for specialized digital agencies will shrink. What’s in store for the agency landscape, agency jobs, and the marketers who work with agencies? VP and Principal Analyst Jay Pattisall weighs in on this week’s podcast episode. Listen Now Avoid Zombie AI Projects With Our Best Practices Download our AI myths and best practices guide. Learn how to avoid missteps, prioritize value, and move AI projects out of limbo with quick wins. Download The Guide Blog What To Know: A Retrospective Of 2023’s Top Breaches And Fines Sandy Carielli 6 days ago After a retrospective review of the largest publicly reported breaches and privacy violations in 2023, here's what you need to know for 2024. Read More Blog ​Data Quality Is Now The Primary Factor Limiting GenAI Adoption​ Brett Kahnke February 26, 2024 With the rapid advancement of genAI technology available to businesses even without highly specialized skills, internal data quality is now the primary limiting factor standing in the way of genAI enablement. Read More Blog AT&T Outage Shines A Spotlight On Network Dependability Octavio Garcia Granados February 23, 2024 What are the key lessons telecommunications carriers and IT and technology leaders can learn from the recent AT&T outage? Find out in this summary of the outage and its impact on IT leaders. Read More Get The Insights At Work Newsletter Email Address* Country* Country United States Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Zambia Yes, I’d like to receive Forrester’s Insights At Work newsletter and receive occasional survey invitations and marketing communications. Thanks for signing up.Stay tuned for updates from the Forrester blogs. All Insights Blog FORR The Planet: Sustainability Interview Series — Hallmark Abhijit Sunil 4 hours ago Kristin Edie, vice president of enterprise sustainability at Hallmark, discusses her leadership role and the most impactful sustainability efforts at Hallmark. Read More Blog Manufacturers Use Emerging Technologies To Find A Mix Of Factory Locations That Is Just Right Paul Miller 12 hours ago Offshoring. Nearshoring. Rightshoring. Learn how emerging technologies such as ubiquitous sensing, distributed computing, AI, and data fabrics are being used to determine the optimal manufacturing mix. Read More Separate Generative AI Fact From Fiction Want to realize the true potential of generative AI? Discover what it can (and can't) do for you. Explore our generative AI insights to guide your journey and your choices. Browse Our AI Insights Podcast 345: Scale Your CX Measurement Program The CX Cast 12 hours ago Most large organizations operate across lines of business, products, segments, brands, and/or countries. CX leaders who want to scale their CX measurement program across such an organization must balance the need for efficient and consistent CX measurement with an appropriate level of autonomy for organizational units. VP and Principal Analyst Maxie Schmidt answers common questions on scaling measurement management programs, illustrated through case studies. Listen Now Blog Digital Payments Have Surpassed Traditional Payments In The US Nicole Murgia 5 days ago Read this Forrester blog for data insights on what digital payment methods consumers are using instead of credit cards and cash. Read More Blog Breaking Down The US Executive Order To Protect Americans’ Sensitive Personal Data Stephanie Liu 5 days ago Learn the key takeaways and market impacts from the Biden administration’s executive order to protect Americans’ sensitive personal data. Read More Blog Key Shifts In Product Management For A Successful Hardware-As-A-Service Subscription Model Lisa Singer 6 days ago The subscription hardware model is here to stay and it requires a true mindset shift. Learn the pivotal role product management plays in the pivot to hardware-as-a-service. Read More Blog Forrester’s Performance Optimization Model: Redesigning The IT Investment Thesis Christopher Gilchrist 6 days ago In the rapidly evolving technology market, understanding the drivers of company performance is paramount when aiming to sustain and even increase your competitive positioning. Learn how to do that using Forrester’s Performance Optimization Model. Read More 60% Of Skeptics Will Use (And Love!) GenAI Surprised? Download Forrester’s 2024 Predictions guide to see why progress will be driven by exploration — and 14 other global predictions on AI, privacy, B2B buyers, hybrid work, and more. Download Now Blog Peer Discussion Highlights Best Practices In Marketing Data Strategy Simon Daniels 6 days ago At a recent peer discussion with Forrester clients on the topic of best practices in marketing and sales data strategy and management, we discovered that data quality, ownership, and aggregation, among others, are common issues and shared experiences for their resolution. Read More Blog Customer Success Platform Consolidation Reflects Market Dynamism Shari Srebnick 6 days ago Customer success platform vendors Totango and Catalyst have announced plans to merge. Is this the start of an acquisition trend in the space? Find out more in this analysis. Read More Webinar Simple Tool, Big Impact: Winning Support For CX Initiatives Join us on March 26 to learn how to use Forrester’s CX Business Case On A Page template to structure and manage a persuasive case to gain support for your CX initiatives — complete with a template walkthrough. Register Now Podcast 344: Demystifying Generative AI The CX Cast 7 days ago What do CX pros need to know about the promises and perils of generative AI? Forrester VP and Principal Analyst Martha Bennett explains the statistical complexity in layman’s terms and offers recent CX examples to illustrate the new paradigm. Listen Now Blog From Dominance To Decline: Global Brands Are Losing In China Xiaofeng Wang February 27, 2024 For years, China's economic growth and consumer market have been a magnet for global brands seeking expansion. However, the tide has turned. Get four best practices for global brands to navigate the changing Chinese market successfully in this preview of a new report. Read More Align Your Tech Architecture To Business Outcomes Learn how Forrester’s Outcome-Driven Architecture Model can align your EA strategy to business outcomes. Download Now Blog The B2B Cross-Border Payments Market: What’s Hot In 2024? Meng Liu February 27, 2024 The fast development of emerging technologies such as AI/ML and blockchain makes the competitive landscape competition in the B2B cross-border payments market even more intense. Learn more in this preview of a new report. Read More Blog El Futuro De La Segmentación De Redes 5G (5G Network Slicing) Octavio Garcia Granados February 27, 2024 Muchas de mis conversaciones recientes sobre 5G se han centrado en el futuro de la segmentación de redes. Quieren discutir fechas, desafíos, oportunidades, casos de uso e industrias. La realidad no es tan rosa como podría pensarse, dada la dependencia de comunidades ajenas a la industria de las telecomunicaciones. Como principal objetivo, la segmentación de […] Read More Blog Can Platform Teams Improve Shared Services? Julie Mohr February 27, 2024 Business and technology leaders are moving away from shared services due to their association with delays, inflexibility, and bureaucracy. These negative perceptions have led organizations to seek alternatives to meet their agile and digital team requirements. Read More Blog Participate In Forrester’s Q1 2024 State Of B2B Events Survey: Unlock Valuable Insights For Your Organization Conrad Mills February 27, 2024 Forrester’s B2B event trends survey is back, and we’re inviting you to participate! Everyone completing the survey will gain access to the latest market trends and crucial information on building an audience-centric, integrated event strategy within their organization. Overview In the wake of the COVID pandemic, the B2B events landscape has undergone significant transformations. While […] Read More Blog Here’s How To Get Your S/4HANA Migration Plans Under Control Dario Maisto February 26, 2024 No matter what stage you’re at with your SAP S/4HANA migration planning, take these five steps now to help mitigate some risks. Read More Fuel Growth With Strong Marketing-Sales Alignment Download our alignment handbook to thrive in a complex buyer landscape with teams, processes, and objectives aligned across the customer lifecycle. Download Now Blog What AI And Automation Technologies Make The Most Sense In Retail Today? Sucharita Kodali February 26, 2024 We just released an evaluation of more than a dozen AI and automation solutions and mapped them according to maturity and utility. Read More Blog Ditch The Old Playbook: B2B CMOs, It’s Time To Lead The E-Commerce Charge Christina Schmitt February 26, 2024 In the fast-paced world of B2B marketing, where change is the only constant, CMOs find themselves standing at a critical crossroads. The traditional playbook is becoming obsolete, and B2B buyers demand seamless online experiences. The landscape is shifting, and those who fail to adapt are bound to be left behind in the dust of their […] Read More Blog Gemini For Google Workspace Plays The Long Game J.P. Gownder February 23, 2024 Google recently announced its new generative AI solution for productivity, Gemini for Google Workspace. Can it compete with Microsoft Copilot? Here's what tech and business leaders need to know. Read More More posts Who We Are What We Believe Executive Leadership Our Board Environmental, Social, And Governance Our Objectivity Brand Newsroom Careers Investor Information Analysts & Coverage Areas What We Offer Research Certification Consulting Events Forrester FeedbackNow™ Analyst Briefings Planned Research Complimentary Webinars About Contact Us Cookie Settings Fraud Alerts Glossary Net Promoter Score Help Us Improve Policies UK Slavery Statement Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Twitter LinkedIn YouTube © 2024 Forrester Research, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Help Us Improve Analyst Briefings Newsroom Complimentary Webinars Contact Us Investor Information Careers Policies Podcasts Fraud Alerts Brand UK Slavery Statement Become A Client © 2024 Forrester Research, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Terms of use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Twitter LinkedIn YouTube