TeX Users Group (TUG) (via DuckDuckGo) TeX Users Group The TeX Users Group (TUG) is a membership-based not-for-profit organization, founded in 1980, for anyone who uses the TeX typesetting system created by Donald Knuth and/or is interested in typography and font design. Join or renew with TUG (trial memberships available for new members) to support use and development of TeX and friends. All TUG memberships are for the calendar year, and include all benefits for the year no matter when you join. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter if you like (open to all, automatically sent to members). Get started with TeX if you're looking for a system to install, or have questions to ask. If you're looking for help, you can get community support via: a q&a site (tex.stackexchange.com), forum (latex.org), public mailing list (texhax), reddit, and in other ways. News (blogs) The pretest for TeX Live 2024 is in process now, for anyone who'd like to help with the upcoming release. TUG membership forms for 2024 are posted for your joining/renewing pleasure (automatic renewals are underway). For anyone new to TUG, we offer a trial membership with full benefits for $35. New book review: LaTeX Cookbook by Stefan Kottwitz; reviewed by Uwe Ziegenhagen. TUGboat 44:3, has been mailed to current TUG members; it is also available online and from the TUG store. In addition, prior TUGboat issue 44:2 is now publicly available. Submissions for the next issue are welcome and encouraged; the deadline is March 24, 2024. TeX Live 2023 and MacTeX 2023 have been released. They are primarily distributed online through CTAN (TL, MacTeX) The TeX Collection DVD for 2023 has been mailed to members of TUG and other user groups; it can also be ordered through the TUG store. 2023 will be the last year that TUG distributes the DVD as a general membership benefit: more info. Upcoming events (meeting list) Back to School in Babylonia is an exhibit running until March 24, 2024, at the Institute for the Study of Ancient Cultures, part of the University of Chicago. A PDF of the catalog and a children's book are available. DANTE e.V., 66. annual meeting (DANTE 2024), April 4-6, 2024, in Weimar. BachoTeX 2024, in Bachotek, Poland, May 1-5, 2024. This year's theme is “composed thoughts”. Deadline for proposals/abstracts: March 24, 2024. GuIT 2024, Brescia, Italy, May 4, 2024. TUG 2024, Hotel Grandior, Prague, Czech Republic, July 19-21 (Friday-Sunday), with a LaTeX developers' workshop on Thursday, July 18. Bursary application available (for financial assistance) deadline: April 8. call for papers, submission deadline: April 12, register for the conference; early bird deadline: April 15. ConTeXt Meeting 2024: Lutten/Hardenberg, The Netherlands, August 17-23, 2024. Recent events DEIMS2024, the 5th International Workshop on Digitization and E-Inclusion in Mathematics and Science 2024, will be a hybrid event taking place 15-17 February 2024, online and at Nihon University, Tokyo, Japan. Accessibility of STEM material is the focus, and several speakers are prominent in the (La)TeX community. Registration form; deadlines 15 January 2024 (in person) and 1 February 2024 (online; free of charge). Face/Interface: Global Type Design and Human-Computer Interaction, a conference focused on non-Latin typography and interface design, will take place December 1-2 at Stanford. Attendance is free, but seats are limited and tickets are required. The conference was streamed. Conference report by Quinn Dombrowski. TUG is a not-for-profit organization by, for, and of its members, also representing the interests of TeX users worldwide. If you use any TeX-related programs (TeX, LaTeX, ConTeXt, Metafont, MetaPost, Texinfo, et al.), please consider joining TUG (or another TeX user group). Memberships and donations are tax-deductible in the US. TUG membership benefits include our journal TUGboat (available both in print and online). TUG also runs an annual TeX conference, and supports updates to the TeX Collection software: TeX Live, MacTeX, snapshot of CTAN, among other activities. The Comprehensive TeX Archive Network (CTAN) is the primary repository for TeX-related software on the Internet. CTAN has many thousands of items; its package list, topic cloud, and CTAN search page can help you find what you need. Latest CTAN updates - hvfloat - TeX-nutshell - chemformula-ru - draftwatermark - LiteTable - metalogox - pdfmanagement-testphase - ProjLib - XeTeXref - minim-pdf - minim-mp - latex-firstaid - luamplib - ufrgscca - tagpdf - letgut - mismath - didec - piton - luaotfload - mandi - ProfSio - beamertheme-arguelles - latex-for-undergraduates - asymptote - reledpar - weiqi - tlmgrBasics - beautynote TUG membership Join/renew with TUG TUG member area Institutional members About TUG Contact us Make a donation Tax exempt Aims & benefits Board, Committees Elections New to TeX? Getting started FAQ History of TeX Software Downloads/CTAN TeX Live - MacTeX MiKTeX TeX around the web TUG activities TUGboat Project funding Bookstore/reviews TUG store Lucida fonts Interviews TeX worldwide User groups Conferences Journals/Publications Mailing lists Working groups Stickers & publicity Typography Font Catalogue TeX showcase Fonts for TeX Videos Typography museums Jobs Consultants for hire Job openings Contact Us TeX Users Group PO Box 2311 Portland, OR 97208-2311 USA Sophia Laakso, office manager voice: +1 503-223-9994 fax: +1 815-301-3568 administrative email: office@tug.org web site email: webmaster@tug.org TeXnical support links above facebook - mastodon - twitter Many thanks to all the individual and institutional members, as well as our donors, who keep TUG going. If you're not already a member, please consider joining TUG or making a donation, and thanks. Updated: $Date: 2024/03/01 16:19:03 $