The American College of Surgeons | ACS Unsupported Browser The American College of Surgeons website is not compatible with Internet Explorer 11, IE 11. For the best experience please update your browser. Quality Programs For Medical Professionals For Patients ACS Close Member ID Logout Become a Member Login Open Search Menu ACS Home Login Donate to the foundation Run Search About Us Who We Are Governance ACS Foundation Statements Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ACS Archives History Careers at ACS Advocacy & Policy Overview Federal Legislation State Legislation Regulatory Issues Get Involved SurgeonsPAC Quality Programs About ACS Quality Programs Accreditation & Verification Programs Data & Registries Standards & Staging Research For Medical Professionals Overview Education Membership & Community Events Practice Management Professional Growth News & Publications For Patients Information for Patients and Family Preparing for Your Surgery Recovering from Your Surgery Donate ACS Store Jobs for Surgeons Become a Member Media Center Contact Us Become a member and receive career-enhancing benefits Our top priority is providing value to members. Your Member Services team is here to ensure you maximize your ACS member benefits, participate in College activities, and engage with your ACS colleagues. It's all here. Become a Member ACS Home Login Donate to the foundation Run Search Quality Programs About ACS Quality Programs Accreditation & Verification Programs Data & Registries Standards & Staging Research For Medical Professionals Overview Education Membership & Community Events Practice Management Professional Growth News & Publications For Patients Information for Patients and Family Preparing for Your Surgery Recovering from Your Surgery Advocacy & Policy Overview Federal Legislation State Legislation Regulatory Issues Practice Management Get Involved SurgeonsPAC About Us Who We Are Governance ACS Foundation Statements ACS Archives History Careers at ACS Donate ACS Store Jobs for Surgeons Membership Benefits Media Center Contact Us Become a member and receive career-enhancing benefits Our top priority is providing value to members. Your Member Services team is here to ensure you maximize your ACS member benefits, participate in College activities, and engage with your ACS colleagues. It's all here. Membership Benefits Open Search Popular searches Find a Surgeon Find a Hospital or Facility Quality Programs Education Programs Frequent searches ATLS Member Benefits Bulletin Chapters Leadership & Advocacy Summit Join us in Washington, DC, for the Leadership & Advocacy Summit, April 13–16. The Summit offers a comprehensive program designed to enhance surgeon leadership skills and provides interactive advocacy training. Register Explore the ACS Quality & Safety Conference Quality and Safety Conference Call for Abstracts Submit your surgical quality improvement abstract for consideration for presentation at the 2024 ACS Quality and Safety Conference by March 17. Bulletin Understanding the Pandemic's Long-Term Effects on Cancer Care Gain insights into new research demonstrating how the pandemic disrupted cancer care and data reporting. Quality Programs Emergency General Surgery Verification Program The EGS Verification Program focuses on the unique care and treatment of patients undergoing emergency general surgical care. Latest News Research News Study Reveals the Impact of Behavioral Health Disorders on Cancer Surgery Outcomes February 29, 2024 Researchers have discovered new insights into the relationship between cancer surgery outcomes and behavioral health disorders Read More News & Publications ACS Brief Keynote Speaker Is Announced for Leadership & Advocacy Summit February 13, 2024 The 2024 ACS Leadership & Advocacy Summit is fast approaching, register today! ACS Brief ACS Foundation Hosts Regional Luncheon in DC February 20, 2024 The luncheon brought together more than 30 ACS Fellows and prominent ACS leaders. JACS Journal of the American College of Surgeons The January issue of the journal is out. Read it today! Podcast The House of Surgery Hear Frederick G. Barker II, MD, FACS, a Boston neurosurgeon, deliver the Charles G. Drake History of Surgery Lecture at Clinical Congress 2023. Regulatory Updates for 2024 Bulletin New 2024 CPT Coding Changes Affect General Surgery, Related Specialties Learn about the CPT 2024 coding changes—many are for time-based codes—that are relevant to general surgery and its related specialties. Bulletin What’s New for the Quality Payment Program in 2024 Learn about several updates to QPP participation requirements, specifically regarding the MIPS and Advanced APM tracks. Bulletin How Will the 2024 MPFS Affect Your Practice? Review changes to the 2024 MPFS final rule, including updates to E/M and telehealth and telephone services, and AUC for advanced diagnostic imaging. Events & Courses Events Leadership and Advocacy Summit Register now for Leadership and Advocacy Summit 2024, April 13–16, 2024, in Washington, DC. Accredited Education Institutes ACS Surgical Simulation Summit Register today for the 2024 ACS Surgical Simulation Summit, March 14–15, to learn about the best practices, research, and latest advances. Education Events Surgeons and Engineers: A Dialogue on Surgical Simulation Register for Surgeons and Engineers: A Dialogue on Surgical Simulation on Wednesday, March 13 at the ACS Headquarters in Chicago. Become a member today 90,000+ Members 67,000 Fellows 3,200 Associate Fellows We're dedicated to the betterment of our members and patients everywhere. Access an extensive library of educational resources and build stronger ties with surgeons locally and around the world. Membership Benefits THE HOUSE OF SURGERY™ The American College of Surgeons is dedicated to improving the care of surgical patients and safeguarding standards of care in an optimal and ethical practice environment. ACS/American College of Surgeons is a registered trademark of the American College of Surgeons. Find a Surgeon Quality Programs Overview Accreditation & Verification Standards & Staging Data & Registries Research For Medical Professionals Overview Education Membership & Community Events Practice Management Professional Growth & Wellness News & Publications Jobs for Surgeons For Patients Information for Patients Preparing for Your Surgery Recovering from Your Surgery ACS About ACS Donate to the ACS Foundation Store Media Center ACS Careers Contact Advocacy Congress and State Legislatures Get Involved SurgeonsPAC ACS Quality Programs For Medical Professionals For Patients Advocacy and Policy About ACS Find a Surgeon Donate to the ACS Foundation ACS Store Become a Member Jobs for Surgeons ACS Careers Contact ACS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Instagram Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Sitemap Copyright © 1996-2024 American College of Surgeons 633 N Saint Clair St, Chicago, IL 60611-3295