European Central Bank LANGUAGE: EN БългарскиČeštinaDanskDeutschEλληνικάEnglishEspañolEesti keelSuomiFrançaisGaeilgeHrvatskiMagyarItalianoLietuviųLatviešuMaltiNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSvenska Menu About Media Research & Publications Statistics Monetary Policy The euro Payments & Markets Careers Banking Supervision Search ANYTIME PAST MONTH PAST YEAR Search Options Image Preview Sort by ANYTIME PAST MONTH PAST YEAR Suggestions Home Media Explainers Research & Publications Statistics Monetary Policy The €uro Payments & Markets Careers Suggestions Sort by Relevance Date MONETARY POLICY Press conference this Thursday President Christine Lagarde and Vice-President Luis de Guindos explain the Governing Council’s monetary policy decisions and answer questions from journalists. The press conference starts at 14:45 CET. Find out more In focus PUBLICATION 22 February 2024 ECB Annual Accounts 2023 In 2023 the size of our balance sheet decreased to €674 billion. Following a long period of profits, we had a €1.3 billion loss. This resulted from interest rate rises to combat inflation and shows our commitment to our price stability mandate, even if it affects our results. Report THE ECB BLOG 19 February 2024 Digital euro fears are outdated A digital euro will be designed as a means of payment, not for investment, explain ECB Executive Board member Piero Cipollone and co-authors Ulrich Bindseil and Jürgen Schaaf. Fears banks may have about customers moving large deposits from banks into the digital euro are outdated. Read The ECB Blog THE ECB BLOG 22 February 2024 The problem with Bitcoin Bitcoin has failed to become a global decentralised digital currency, instead falling victim to fraud and manipulation. The recent approval of an ETF doesn’t change the fact that Bitcoin is costly, slow and inconvenient, argues The ECB Blog. Read The ECB Blog Press releases 4 March 2024MFI INTEREST RATE STATISTICSEuro area bank interest rate statistics: January 2024 English27 February 2024WEEKLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTConsolidated financial statement of the Eurosystem as at 23 February 2024 English OTHER LANGUAGES (22) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSVAnnexes27 February 2024WEEKLY FINANCIAL STATEMENT - COMMENTARYCommentary English27 February 2024MONETARY DEVELOPMENTS IN THE EURO AREAMonetary developments in the euro area: January 2024 EnglishAnnexes27 February 2024MONETARY DEVELOPMENTS IN THE EURO AREATable: Annex to the press release on monetary developments in the euro area English23 February 2024GOVERNING COUNCIL DECISIONS - OTHER DECISIONSDecisions taken by the Governing Council of the ECB (in addition to decisions setting interest rates) English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV23 February 2024PRESS RELEASEECB Consumer Expectations Survey results – January 2024 English ALL PRESS RELEASES Speeches 26 February 2024Christine Lagarde: European Parliament plenary debate on the ECB Annual ReportSpeech by Christine Lagarde, President of the ECB, at the plenary session of the European Parliament English23 February 2024Isabel Schnabel: Has the fight against inflation been won?Slides by Isabel Schnabel, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB, at the Lecture on Monetary Policy and Financial Stability conference organised by Bocconi University in Milan English16 February 2024Isabel Schnabel: From laggard to leader? Closing the euro area’s technology gapInaugural lecture of the EMU Lab by Isabel Schnabel, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB, at the European University Institute EnglishAnnexes16 February 2024Slides English15 February 2024Philip R. Lane: The banking channel of monetary policySlides by Philip R. Lane, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB, at an online seminar on “Monetary Policy and Banks' Business Strategies”, organised by the Florence School of Banking and Finance as part of the Bank Board Academy English15 February 2024Christine Lagarde: Hearing of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs of the European ParliamentSpeech by Christine Lagarde, President of the ECB, at the Hearing of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs of the European Parliament EnglishAnnexes15 February 2024Introductory statement in charts English15 February 2024Transcript of the hearing English ALL SPEECHES Interviews 7 February 2024Isabel Schnabel: Interview with Financial TimesInterview with Isabel Schnabel, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB, conducted by Martin Arnold on 2 February 2024 English3 February 2024Frank Elderson: Interview with De VolkskrantInterview with Frank Elderson, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB and Vice-Chair of the Supervisory Board of the ECB, conducted by Jonathan Witteman on 29 January 2024 English OTHER LANGUAGES (1) + Select your language NederlandsNL31 January 2024Luis de Guindos: Interview with Die ZeitInterview with Luis de Guindos, Vice-President of the ECB, conducted by Kolja Rudzio English OTHER LANGUAGES (1) + Select your language DeutschDE22 January 2024Christine Lagarde: Thanks to Wolfgang SchäubleContribution by Christine Lagarde, President of the ECB, French and German members of parliament and other personalities, published on n-tv.de English OTHER LANGUAGES (2) + Select your language DeutschDE FrançaisFR13 January 2024Philip R. Lane: Interview with Corriere della SeraInterview with Philip R. Lane, Member of the Executive Board of the ECB, conducted by Federico Fubini English OTHER LANGUAGES (1) + Select your language ItalianoIT ALL INTERVIEWS The ECB Blog 22 February 2024ETF approval for bitcoin – the naked emperor’s new clothes Bitcoin has failed on the promise to be a global decentralised digital currency. Instead it is used for illicit transactions. The latest approval of an ETF doesn’t change the fact that Bitcoin is not suitable as means of payment or as an investment.Ulrich BindseilJürgen Schaaf EnglishDetailsJEL CodeG12 : Financial Economics→General Financial Markets→Asset Pricing, Trading Volume, Bond Interest RatesG20 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→GeneralG29 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→Other19 February 2024Piero Cipollone: Digital euro: Debunking banks’ fears about losing depositsMany banks worry their customers might withdraw deposits to hold digital euro instead. These fears are misplaced: a digital euro will be designed as a means of payment and not for investment, argue ECB Executive Board member Piero Cipollone, Ulrich Bindseil and Jürgen Schaaf. Ulrich BindseilJürgen Schaaf EnglishDetailsJEL CodeE50 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→GeneralE42 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Money and Interest Rates→Monetary Systems, Standards, Regimes, Government and the Monetary System, Payment Systems13 February 2024Isabel Schnabel: The dynamics of PEPP reinvestmentsWhen reading data on reinvestments under the pandemic emergency purchase programme (PEPP) one needs to understand how we implement purchases. Director General Market Operations Imène Rahmouni-Rousseau and Executive Board member Isabel Schnabel explain how to avoid pitfalls.Imene Rahmouni-Rousseau EnglishAnnexes13 February 2024PEPP data 2023 English8 February 2024Added Scope: Eurosystem accepts a fifth rating agencyThe Eurosystem has accepted Scope as a new rating agency alongside Fitch, Moody's, S&P and DBRS. This has a number of implications, including a wider range of credit opinions and expertise being considered for monetary policy purposes. The ECB Blog explains.Diana GomesAnamaria Piloiu EnglishDetailsJEL CodeG20 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→GeneralG24 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→Investment Banking, Venture Capital, Brokerage, Ratings and Ratings AgenciesE50 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→GeneralE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their Policies29 January 2024Piero Cipollone, Philip R. Lane, Isabel Schnabel: Learning from crises: our new framework for euro liquidity linesThe ECB can lend euro to non-euro area central banks to reduce the risk of financial stress spilling over to the euro area. Piero Cipollone, Philip Lane and Isabel Schnabel explain how we have made such liquidity lines more effective and agile. English ALL BLOG POSTS Publications 28 February 2024OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES - No. 343What caused the euro area post-pandemic inflation?Óscar ArceMatteo CiccarelliCarlos Montes-GaldónAntoine Kornprobst EnglishDetailsAbstractThis paper applies the semi-structural model proposed by Bernanke and Blanchard (2023) to analyse wage growth, price inflation and inflation expectations in the euro area. It is part of a broader project coordinated by Bernanke and Blanchard to provide a unified framework for analysing and comparing global inflation dynamics across the major world economic areas, including US, euro area, Canada, UK, and Japan. The paper makes four main contributions. First, it estimates the model using quarterly data from the euro area covering the period from the first quarter of 1999 to the second quarter of 2023. Second, it conducts an empirical assessment of how euro area price inflation responds to various exogenous shocks. This includes evaluating how shock transmission evolved during the pandemic and comparing it with experience in the United States. Third, the model decomposes the drivers of wage growth and price inflation in the post-pandemic period. It emphasises the transmission channels and the respective roles of supply and demand forces that have contributed to the recent inflationary surge. Notably, it identifies the impact of labour market tightness, productivity, global supply chain disruptions and energy and food price shocks. Finally, the model generates conditional projections based on these exogenous shocks, enabling a more robust cross-check of inflation forecasts during times of significant global economic disturbances.JEL CodeC5 : Mathematical and Quantitative Methods→Econometric ModelingE47 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Money and Interest Rates→Forecasting and Simulation: Models and ApplicationsE52 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Monetary PolicyE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their PoliciesF4 : International Economics→Macroeconomic Aspects of International Trade and Finance27 February 2024OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES - No. 342Enhancing repo market transparency: the EU Securities Financing Transactions RegulationClaudio BassiMichael GrillHarun MirzaCharles O’DonnellMichael WedowFelix Hermes EnglishDetailsAbstractThe introduction of the Securities Financing Transactions Regulation into EU law provides a unique opportunity to obtain an in-depth understanding of repo markets. Based on the transaction-level data reported under the regulation, this paper presents an overview and key facts about the euro area repo market. We start by providing a description of the dataset, including its regulatory background, as well as highlighting some of its advantages for financial stability analysis. We then go on to present three sets of findings that are highly relevant to financial stability and focus on the dimensions of the different market segments, counterparties, and collateral, including haircut practices. Finally, we outline how the data reported under the regulation can support the policy work of central banks and supervisory authorities. We demonstrate that these data can be used to make several important contributions to enhancing our understanding of the repo market from a financial stability perspective, ultimately assisting international efforts to increase repo market resilience.JEL CodeG10 : Financial Economics→General Financial Markets→GeneralG18 : Financial Economics→General Financial Markets→Government Policy and RegulationG23 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→Non-bank Financial Institutions, Financial Instruments, Institutional Investors27 February 2024OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES - No. 341The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and policy support on productivityTibor LalinskySofia AnyfantakiKonstantins BenkovskisAntonin BergeaudMaurice BunSimon BunelAndrea ColciagoJan De MulderBeatriz Gonzalez LopezValerie JarvisOlegs KrasnopjorovsLaura LebastardPaloma Lopez-GarciaFernando MartinsPhilipp MeinenJaanika MeriküllMiles ParkerRoberta SerafiniBéla SzörfiJuuso VanhalaMatjaz VolkMarianthi AnastasatouDavide FantinoJiri HavelDmitry KhametshinTetie KolaitiJosip RaosDomagoj ŠelebajMilan Vaňko EnglishDetailsAbstractThis paper studies the short-term and long-term consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic for productivity in Europe. Aggregate and sectoral evidence is complemented by firm-level data-based findings obtained from a large micro-distributed exercise. Productivity trends during the COVID-19 pandemic differed from past trends. Labour productivity per hour worked temporarily increased, while productivity per employee declined across sectors given the widespread use of job retention schemes. The extensive margin of productivity growth was muted to some degree by the policy support granted to firms. Firm entries declined while firm exits increased much less than during previous crises. The pandemic had a significant impact on the intensive margin of productivity growth and led to a temporary drop in within-firm productivity per employee and increased reallocation. Job reallocation was productivity-enhancing but subdued compared to the Great Recession. As confirmed by a granular data analysis of the distribution of employment subsidies and loan guarantees and moratoria, job reallocation and also debt distribution and“zombie firm” prevalence were not significantly affected by the COVID-19 policy support. The pandemic and related lockdowns accelerated changes in consumer preferences and working habits with potential long-term effects. Generous government support muted the surge in unemployment and reduced permanent scarring effects.JEL CodeD22 : Microeconomics→Production and Organizations→Firm Behavior: Empirical AnalysisH25 : Public Economics→Taxation, Subsidies, and Revenue→Business Taxes and SubsidiesJ38 : Labor and Demographic Economics→Wages, Compensation, and Labor Costs→Public PolicyO47 : Economic Development, Technological Change, and Growth→Economic Growth and Aggregate Productivity→Measurement of Economic Growth, Aggregate Productivity, Cross-Country Output Convergence27 February 2024OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES - No. 340The impact of climate change and policies on productivityGert BijnensSofia AnyfantakiAndrea ColciagoJan De MulderElisabeth FalckVincent LabhardPaloma Lopez-GarciaJaanika MeriküllMiles ParkerOke RöheJoachim SchrothPatrick SchulteJohannes StrobelNuno Lourenço EnglishDetailsAbstractThe impact of climate change on European Union (EU) countries and regions is poised to exhibit considerable diversity, influenced by factors encompassing average temperature, sectoral composition, developmental stages, and adaptation endeavours. The transition towards a more climate-friendly economy demands a well-orchestrated approach to mitigate enduring productivity costs. This shift will have varied implications for businesses, contingent upon their scale, access to financial resources, and capacity for innovation. The formulation of transition policies holds the potential to foster green innovation without displacing other initiatives, yet stringent climate regulations might impede the productivity ascent of pollutant-emitting enterprises. It will thus take time to reap the benefits of innovation. The efficacy of the policy mix is of critical importance in determining the trajectory of success. Market-driven mechanisms exhibit milder distortions compared to non-market-based strategies, though they may not inherently stimulate innovation. Significantly, subsidies earmarked for green research and development (R&D) emerge as a pivotal instrument for fostering innovation, thus constituting a vital component of the policy repertoire during the green transition. The implementation of transition policies will inevitably trigger a substantial reallocation of resources among and within sectors, potentially carrying short-term adverse ramifications. Notably, considerable productivity disparities exist between top and bottom emitters within specific industries. The transition period poses a risk to a substantial proportion of firms and can erode employment opportunities, with a likely decline in new ventures within affected sectors.JEL CodeD24 : Microeconomics→Production and Organizations→Production, Cost, Capital, Capital, Total Factor, and Multifactor Productivity, CapacityL52 : Industrial Organization→Regulation and Industrial Policy→Industrial Policy, Sectoral Planning MethodsO33 : Economic Development, Technological Change, and Growth→Technological Change, Research and Development, Intellectual Property Rights→Technological Change: Choices and Consequences, Diffusion ProcessesO38 : Economic Development, Technological Change, and Growth→Technological Change, Research and Development, Intellectual Property Rights→Government PolicyQ54 : Agricultural and Natural Resource Economics, Environmental and Ecological Economics→Environmental Economics→Climate, Natural Disasters, Global WarmingQ58 : Agricultural and Natural Resource Economics, Environmental and Ecological Economics→Environmental Economics→Government Policy27 February 2024OCCASIONAL PAPER SERIES - No. 339Digitalisation and productivitySimon BunelGert BijnensVasco BotelhoElisabeth FalckVincent LabhardAna LamoOke RöheJoachim SchrothRichard SellnerJohannes StrobelBrindusa Anghel EnglishDetailsAbstractThe productivity-enhancing effects of digitalisation have generated increased interest in the promotion of digital technologies. This report provides different estimations for euro area countries of the impact of digital uptake on productivity at firm level, showing that the adoption of digital technologies could lead to an increase in firms’ productivity in the medium term. However, not all firms and sectors experience significant productivity gains from digital adoption, and not all digital technologies deliver significant productivity gains. The report highlights possible factors behind the low productivity benefits of digitalisation in euro area countries. For example, a lack of strong institutions and governance structures may help to explain why digital diffusion is slower than expected, why it is slower in some countries than others and why the expected productivity benefits from digitalisation have not been fully achieved by now. Furthermore, the report suggests that the full benefits of the digital revolution will be reaped by properly supplying skills to firms and also by investing in computerised information in low-productivity firms.JEL CodeD24 : Microeconomics→Production and Organizations→Production, Cost, Capital, Capital, Total Factor, and Multifactor Productivity, CapacityE24 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Consumption, Saving, Production, Investment, Labor Markets, and Informal Economy→Employment, Unemployment, Wages, Intergenerational Income Distribution, Aggregate Human CapitalE22 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Consumption, Saving, Production, Investment, Labor Markets, and Informal Economy→Capital, Investment, CapacityJ24 : Labor and Demographic Economics→Demand and Supply of Labor→Human Capital, Skills, Occupational Choice, Labor ProductivityO33 : Economic Development, Technological Change, and Growth→Technological Change, Research and Development, Intellectual Property Rights→Technological Change: Choices and Consequences, Diffusion ProcessesO38 : Economic Development, Technological Change, and Growth→Technological Change, Research and Development, Intellectual Property Rights→Government PolicyC67 : Mathematical and Quantitative Methods→Mathematical Methods, Programming Models, Mathematical and Simulation Modeling→Input?Output Models23 February 2024LEGAL ACTGuideline (EU) 2024/[XX] of the European Central Bank of 8 February 2024 amending Guideline (EU) 2015/510 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (ECB/2024/4) English23 February 2024LEGAL ACTGuideline (EU) 2024/[XX] of the European Central Bank of 8 February 2024 amending Guideline (EU) 2016/65 on the valuation haircuts applied in the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2015/35) (ECB/2024/5) English23 February 2024LEGAL ACTGuideline (EU) 2024/[XX] of the European Central Bank of 8 February 2024 amending Guideline ECB/2014/31 on additional temporary measures relating to Eurosystem refinancing operations and eligibility of collateral (ECB/2024/6) English23 February 2024LEGAL ACTDecision (EU) 2024/[XX] of the European Central Bank of 8 February 2024 amending Decision (EU) 2020/440 on a temporary pandemic emergency purchase programme (ECB/2020/17) (ECB/2024/7) English22 February 2024FAQFAQs on the ECB’s Annual Accounts English22 February 2024ANNUAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET OF THE EUROSYSTEMConsolidated balance sheet of the Eurosystem as at 31 December 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV EnglishRelated22 February 2024PRESS RELEASEFinancial statements of the ECB for 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV22 February 2024ANNUAL ACCOUNTSAnnual Accounts 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV English22 February 2024ANNUAL ACCOUNTSAnnual Accounts 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV EnglishRelated22 February 2024PRESS RELEASEFinancial statements of the ECB for 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV22 February 2024ANNUAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET OF THE EUROSYSTEMConsolidated balance sheet of the Eurosystem as at 31 December 2023 English OTHER LANGUAGES (23) + Select your language БългарскиBG ČeštinaCS DanskDA DeutschDE EλληνικάEL EspañolES Eesti keelET SuomiFI FrançaisFR GaeilgeGA HrvatskiHR MagyarHU ItalianoIT LietuviųLT LatviešuLV MaltiMT NederlandsNL PolskiPL PortuguêsPT RomânăRO SlovenčinaSK SlovenščinaSL SvenskaSV English21 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2912The nonlinear effects of banks’ vulnerability to capital depletion in euro area countriesSharada Nia DavidsonDiego Nicolas Moccero EnglishDetailsAbstractWhen capital in the banking system becomes depleted, the degree to which financial intermediation and the macroeconomy are adversely affected is likely to depend on the financial and macroeconomic environment. However, existing studies either assume that the effects of bank capital shocks are linear or ignore feedback effects and the impact on the macroeconomy. Using data on the largest euro area countries and Bayesian Panel Threshold VARs, we investigate the importance of different factors in amplifying shocks in banks’ vulnerability to capital depletion. Our results demonstrate that nonlinearities matter. When the banking sector is already vulnerable to large capital losses, it is more difficult for banks to accommodate a depletion in capital and lending and economic activity contract more severely. Similarly, low interest rates, which are typically associated with low bank margins and profitability, also lead to a larger decline in lending. De-risking is also more pronounced in these cases. The state of the business cycle, though, does not influence the propagation of shocks to the same extent. We conclude that financial factors play a larger role than the macroeconomic environment in heightening shocks to banks’ vulnerability to capital depletion.JEL CodeC11 : Mathematical and Quantitative Methods→Econometric and Statistical Methods and Methodology: General→Bayesian Analysis: GeneralC33 : Mathematical and Quantitative Methods→Multiple or Simultaneous Equation Models, Multiple Variables→Panel Data Models, Spatio-temporal ModelsE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their PoliciesG21 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→Banks, Depository Institutions, Micro Finance Institutions, Mortgages21 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2911Aggregate uncertainty, HANK, and the ZLBAlessandro LinMarcel Peruffo EnglishDetailsAbstractWe propose a novel methodology for solving Heterogeneous Agents New Keynesian (HANK) models with aggregate uncertainty and the Zero Lower Bound (ZLB) on nominal interest rates. Our efficient solution strategy combines the sequence-state Jacobian methodology in Auclert et al. (2021) with a tractable structure for aggregate uncertainty by means of a two-regimes shock structure. We apply the method to a simple HANK model to show that: 1) in the presence of aggregate non-linearities such as the ZLB, a dichotomy emerges between the aggregate impulse responses under aggregate uncertainty against the deterministic case; 2) aggregate uncertainty amplifies downturns at the ZLB, and household heterogeneity increases the strength of this amplification; 3) the effects of forward guidance are stronger when there is aggregate uncertainty.JEL CodeD14 : Microeconomics→Household Behavior and Family Economics→Household Saving; Personal FinanceE44 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Money and Interest Rates→Financial Markets and the MacroeconomyE52 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Monetary PolicyE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their Policies20 February 2024RESEARCH BULLETIN - No. 116The unequal impact of the 2021-22 inflation surge on euro area householdsFilippo PallottiGonzalo Paz-PardoJiri SlacalekOreste TristaniGiovanni L. Violante English EnglishDetailsAbstractThe 2021-22 surprise inflation surge had a major impact on households in the euro area. It reduced the real incomes and net wealth of most households as there was no immediate increase in nominal wages and pensions, nominal house prices and the nominal value of bonds, deposits, cash and debt following the rise in the price level. This influenced households’ present and future consumption and therefore their welfare. Although poorer households suffered most from the reduction in the purchasing power of their income, overall welfare losses were especially large for retirees because of the fall in the real value of their relatively large holdings of nominal assets. Conversely, younger and heavily indebted households benefited from the reduction in the real value of their liabilities. In this sense, this inflation episode mimicked an age-dependent tax. Indeed, not everyone was a net loser: while about 70% of households suffered a loss, the rest enjoyed moderate gains.JEL CodeD12 : Microeconomics→Household Behavior and Family Economics→Consumer Economics: Empirical AnalysisD14 : Microeconomics→Household Behavior and Family Economics→Household Saving; Personal FinanceD31 : Microeconomics→Distribution→Personal Income, Wealth, and Their DistributionsE21 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Consumption, Saving, Production, Investment, Labor Markets, and Informal Economy→Consumption, Saving, WealthE52 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Monetary PolicyE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their Policies19 February 2024SURVEY OF MONETARY ANALYSTSECB Survey of Monetary Analysts (SMA), March 2024 English16 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2910Climate transition risk in the banking sector: what can prudential regulation do?Michael GrillAlexandra PopescuElena Rancoita EnglishDetailsAbstractClimate-related risks are due to increase in coming years and can pose serious threats to financial stability. This paper, by means of a DSGE model including heterogeneous firms and banks, financial frictions and prudential regulation, first shows the need of climate-related capital requirements in the existing prudential framework. Indeed, we find that without specific climate prudential policies, transition risk can generate excessive risk-taking by banks, which in turn increases the volatility of lending and output. We further show that relying on microprudential regulation alone would not be enough to account for the systemic dimension of transition risk. Implementing macroprudential policies in addition to microprudential regulation, leads to a Pareto improvement.JEL CodeD58 : Microeconomics→General Equilibrium and Disequilibrium→Computable and Other Applied General Equilibrium ModelsE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their PoliciesE61 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Macroeconomic Policy, Macroeconomic Aspects of Public Finance, and General Outlook→Policy Objectives, Policy Designs and Consistency, Policy CoordinationQ54 : Agricultural and Natural Resource Economics, Environmental and Ecological Economics→Environmental Economics→Climate, Natural Disasters, Global Warming15 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2909Mortgage borrowing limits and house prices: evidence from a policy change in IrelandBrian E. Higgins EnglishDetailsAbstractThis paper studies how mortgage borrowers and house prices react to a tightening of mortgage limits following a policy change in Ireland in 2015. The policy introduced limits to the loan-to-income and loan-to-value ratios of new mortgages issued. In response to a tightening borrowing constraint, borrowers can choose to purchase a cheaper house or to reduce the leverage (LTV) of the mortgage. Using a difference-in-difference methodology, I find that groups of (poorer) borrowers, who were more likely to be above the loan-to-income threshold before the policy, responded primarily by buying cheaper houses after the policy change. On the other hand, groups of (richer) borrowers, who were more likely to be above the loan-to-value threshold, responded primarily by reducing the LTV of the mortgage. Borrowers who purchase cheaper houses could be buying smaller houses or the same size houses at a lower equilibrium price. To test for changes in equilibrium prices, I compare prices across postcodes and find that houses prices fell after the policy change in postcodes where a higher fraction of borrowers were above the loan-to-income threshold before the policy.JEL CodeG21 : Financial Economics→Financial Institutions and Services→Banks, Depository Institutions, Micro Finance Institutions, MortgagesE21 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Consumption, Saving, Production, Investment, Labor Markets, and Informal Economy→Consumption, Saving, WealthE44 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Money and Interest Rates→Financial Markets and the MacroeconomyE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their PoliciesR21 : Urban, Rural, Regional, Real Estate, and Transportation Economics→Household Analysis→Housing DemandR30 : Urban, Rural, Regional, Real Estate, and Transportation Economics→Real Estate Markets, Spatial Production Analysis, and Firm Location→GeneralNetworkECB Lamfalussy Fellowship Programme14 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2908Measuring market-based core inflation expectationsAsger Munch GrønlundKasper JørgensenFabian Schupp EnglishDetailsAbstractWe build a novel term structure model for pricing synthetic euro area core inflation-linked swaps, a hypothetical swap contract indexed to core inflation. Our approach relies on a term structure model of traded headline inflation-linked swap rates, which we assume span core inflation. The model provides estimates of market-based expectations for core inflation, as well as core inflation risk premia, at daily frequency, whereas core inflation expectations from surveys or macroeconomic projections are typically only available monthly or quarterly. We find that core inflation-linked swap rates are generally less volatile than headline inflation linked swap rates and that market participants expected core inflation to be substantially more persistent than headline inflation following the 2022 energy price spike. Using an event-study methodology, we also find that monetary policy shocks significantly lower core inflation expectations.JEL CodeE31 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Prices, Business Fluctuations, and Cycles→Price Level, Inflation, DeflationE44 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Money and Interest Rates→Financial Markets and the MacroeconomyE52 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Monetary Policy13 February 2024WORKING PAPER SERIES - No. 2907Managing the transition to central bank digital currencyKatrin AssenmacherMassimo Ferrari MinessoArnaud MehlMaria Sole Pagliari EnglishDetailsAbstractWe develop a two-country DSGE model with financial frictions to study the transition from a steady-state without CBDC to one in which the home country issues a CBDC. The CBDC provides households with a liquid, convenient and storage-cost free means of payments which reduces the market power of banks on deposits. In the steady-state CBDC unambiguously improves welfare without disintermediating the banking sector. But macroeconomic volatility in the transition period to the new steady-state increases for plausible values of the latter. Demand for CBDC and money overshoot, thereby crowding out bank deposits and leading to initial declines in investment, consumption and output. We use non-linear solution methods with occasionally binding constraints to explore how alternative policies reduce volatility in the transition, contrasting the effects of restrictions on non-residents, binding caps, tiered remuneration and central bank asset purchases. Binding caps reduce disintermediation and output losses in the transition most effectively, with an optimal level of around 40% of steady-state CBDC demand.JEL CodeE50 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→GeneralE58 : Macroeconomics and Monetary Economics→Monetary Policy, Central Banking, and the Supply of Money and Credit→Central Banks and Their PoliciesF30 : International Economics→International Finance→GeneralF41 : International Economics→Macroeconomic Aspects of International Trade and Finance→Open Economy Macroeconomics ALL PUBLICATIONS Digital euro Read more Interest rates Marginal lending facility 4.75 % Main refinancing operations (fixed rate) 4.50 % Deposit facility 4.00 % 20 September 2023 Past key ECB interest rates Inflation rate Inflation dashboard Exchange rates USD US dollar 1.0846 JPY Japanese yen 163.22 GBP Pound sterling 0.85583 CHF Swiss franc 0.9604 Last update: 4 March 2024 Euro foreign exchange rates Financial stability Our tasks Institutional framework Financial Stability Review Macroprudential policy measures Market operations Open market operations Asset purchase programmes Lendings of holdings under PSPP NOT AN EXPERT? CHECK OUT OUR EXPLAINERS LEARN MOREWhat is the European Central Bank? Curious for more? QUIZ 19 February 2024 Try our quizzes! PODCAST 10 February 2024 Future euro banknotes, unpacked PODCAST 31 January 2024 Our path to a greener future EVENT 27 January 2024 International Holocaust remembrance day 2024 PODCAST 25 January 2024 Tune into our latest decisions MONETARY POLICY 25 January 2024 Our monetary policy statement at a glance RESEARCH 24 January 2024 Young economists wanted! Are you happy with this page? Yes No What made you unhappy? Page not working Information not useful Design not attractive Something else Thank you for letting us know! Site directory FOLLOW US Copyright 2024, European Central Bank Useful links Work with us Glossary Other institutions Using our site Disclaimer & Copyright Privacy statement Language policy Corporate Policies Data Protection Access to documents Responsible disclosure Contact Contacts Address Working hours Our website uses cookies We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies. Learn more about how we use cookies I understand and I accept the use of cookies I do not accept the use of cookies Thank you! Thank you! We have updated our privacy policy We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies. See what has changed in our privacy policy I understand and I accept the use of cookies I do not accept the use of cookies Your cookie preference has expired We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies. Learn more about how we use cookies I understand and I accept the use of cookies I do not accept the use of cookies This feature requires cookies. Privacy statement