The Gadgeteer - Gadget news and reviews since 1997! Skip to content Search... ReviewsMenu Toggle …all Reviews Review updates ArticlesMenu Toggle … all Articles … all News … all Deals Julie’s gadget diary posts Deals Julie’s Favorite Gear EDCMenu Toggle … all EDC gear BagsMenu Toggle Backpacks Camera bags Luggage Messenger bags Shoulder bags … All Bags Flashlights Keychain Knives Multi-tools Notebooks Pencils Pens Pocket Gear Wallets Watches MoreMenu Toggle 3D printers Audio, Video, TV BluetoothMenu Toggle Bluetooth audio adapters Bluetooth earbuds Bluetooth headphones Bluetooth headsets Bluetooth speakers Bluetooth keyboards Bluetooth mice … all Bluetooth gear Car Gear Electric Bike Gaming Gear Graphics tablets Home and Kitchen Mechanical keyboards Outdoor Gear Pets Power Stations Travel Gear Toys Search... Main Menu ReviewsMenu Toggle …all Reviews Review updates ArticlesMenu Toggle … all Articles … all News … all Deals Julie’s gadget diary posts Deals Julie’s Favorite Gear EDCMenu Toggle … all EDC gear BagsMenu Toggle Backpacks Camera bags Luggage Messenger bags Shoulder bags … All Bags Flashlights Keychain Knives Multi-tools Notebooks Pencils Pens Pocket Gear Wallets Watches MoreMenu Toggle 3D printers Audio, Video, TV BluetoothMenu Toggle Bluetooth audio adapters Bluetooth earbuds Bluetooth headphones Bluetooth headsets Bluetooth speakers Bluetooth keyboards Bluetooth mice … all Bluetooth gear Car Gear Electric Bike Gaming Gear Graphics tablets Home and Kitchen Mechanical keyboards Outdoor Gear Pets Power Stations Travel Gear Toys Gokozy women’s heated vest review By Shawna / March 5, 2024 / Reviews / Clothing / Leave a Comment REVIEW – I am quickly becoming quite the connoisseur of heated garments and loving it. Check out my reviews of the iHood heated vest and the UZE heated jacket. With hockey rinks being our second home and living in the Midwest in the winter, there are always opportunities to need to be a little warmer. […] Gokozy women’s heated vest review Read More Himiway C1 Kids eBike review – Pint sized power without pedals By Alex Birch / March 5, 2024 / Reviews / Electric Bike, Kid Gadgets / Leave a Comment REVIEW – If you’ve spent any time on an ebike, I don’t have to tell you how fun they are. I have a few now and with or without pedals they simply put a smile on your face while getting you where you need to go, or just out and around for the day. When Himiway C1 Kids eBike review – Pint sized power without pedals Read More KYY 15.6” 3840×2160 4K UHD USB-C portable monitor review – a nice 4k option at a nice price By Matt Gregersen / March 5, 2024 / Reviews / monitor / Leave a Comment REVIEW – I’ve used quite a few portable monitors to date, ranging from pressed-into-service iPads used as secondary screens to portable gaming monitors to double monitor setups clamped onto laptops. From all of those, I’ve found a single large monitor to be the most practical option for me. The one type of portable monitor I KYY 15.6” 3840×2160 4K UHD USB-C portable monitor review – a nice 4k option at a nice price Read More SJCAM SJ20 dual lens action cam review By Julie Strietelmeier / March 4, 2024 / Reviews / Action Camera / Leave a Comment REVIEW – My goal for 2024 is to improve my video skills to help grow The Gadgeteer YouTube channel. I usually use an iPhone 15 Pro Max or, more recently, a OnePlus 12 to capture my video, but you can never have too many cameras, right? So I was happy to accept an offer to SJCAM SJ20 dual lens action cam review Read More Eve Energy Outlet review – the perfect smart outlet By James Garriss / March 4, 2024 / Reviews / Home Automation, Matter, smart home / 5 Comments REVIEW – In a perfect world, all of the powered gadgets that I own (fans, humidifiers, heaters, etc.) would be smart gadgets, capable of being controlled with nothing more than a voice command to Siri or a preset automation via the Home app. I don’t live in that world just yet, so one way to Eve Energy Outlet review – the perfect smart outlet Read More Heyup Boxe Lite smart projector review By Frank Myers / March 4, 2024 / Reviews / Projector / 2 Comments REVIEW – Let’s face it, sometimes a 65-inch TV is not big enough. Can the Heyup Boxe Lite Smart Projector solve a problem I didn’t know I had? Read on to find out! What is it? The Heyup Boxe Lite smart projector is a compact LCD projector that can output 80-120 inches of high-definition visuals. Heyup Boxe Lite smart projector review Read More EPOMAKER x LEOBOG K81 mechanical keyboard review – A colorful and fun addition to my desktop! By James Cook / March 3, 2024 / Reviews / mechanical keyboard / Leave a Comment REVIEW – I have not used a mechanical keyboard before, but I’ve seen it talked about endlessly in forums and threads online. When the opportunity came to try the EPOMAKER x LEOBOG K81 mechanical keyboard sent by Mechlands, I decided to take the accept the challenge! What is it? The EPOMAKER x LEOBOG K81 mechanical EPOMAKER x LEOBOG K81 mechanical keyboard review – A colorful and fun addition to my desktop! Read More Mavix M9 gaming chair review – configurable for all-day use By James Garriss / March 3, 2024 / Reviews / Chair, gaming chair / Leave a Comment REVIEW – Gaming chairs are their own class of gadget, but in these post-COVID days many people work from home and use the same chair for gaming as they do for work. I am one of these, and so I need a chair that is comfortable, encourages an ergonomic posture, and provides a full-suite of Mavix M9 gaming chair review – configurable for all-day use Read More Ultenic MC1 Robot Vacuum and Mop review – Progresing ever closer to “Rosie the Robot” By Dave Moore / March 2, 2024 / Reviews / Cleaning, Vacuum / Leave a Comment REVIEW – Ultenic is a relatively new company, launching its first cordless (Models U10 and U11) and robotic vacuums (Model D5 and T10) in 2021. Their new flagship, MC1, has earned a place in my “orderly enthusiast” home, especially for mopping hardwood floors. Please join me for a closer look. What is it? The Ultenic Ultenic MC1 Robot Vacuum and Mop review – Progresing ever closer to “Rosie the Robot” Read More Moon Pod Antigravity Bean Bag and accessories review – feel the future of relaxation By Michael Strange / March 2, 2024 / Reviews / Furniture / Leave a Comment REVIEW – There are many oversized bean bags available in the market that promise a unique comfort experience. I had my fair share of bean bags growing up in the ’70s and ’80s. So, I was intrigued to try out the new breed. Recently, I got my hands on the Moon Pod Antigravity Bean Bag Moon Pod Antigravity Bean Bag and accessories review – feel the future of relaxation Read More Goal Zero Yeti 300 Portable Power Station review – Maybe the perfect size for most By Bill Henderson / March 2, 2024 / Reviews / power station / Leave a Comment REVIEW – Recently, Goal Zero released three new portable power stations: the Yeti 300, 500, and 700. Each provides—you guessed it—appx. 300, 500, and 700-watt hours of power using the newer LiFePO4 battery technology—more on that later in the review. A few years ago, this announcement would have been big news. Today—not so much because Goal Zero Yeti 300 Portable Power Station review – Maybe the perfect size for most Read More Grab this $100 off deal for a SIHOO Doro C300 office chair By Julie Strietelmeier / March 1, 2024 / News / Chair, deal, Office / Leave a Comment NEWS – If you have been considering upgrading your office chair to something with more features and comfort, check out the Sihoo Doro-C300 Ergonomic Office Chair, which combines style and comfort for your workspace. Crafted with precision and featuring a mesh back, soft PU-coated armrests, and a sleek design, this chair might be just the Grab this $100 off deal for a SIHOO Doro C300 office chair Read More Put this tiny powerhouse PC on your desk for less By Julie Strietelmeier / March 1, 2024 / News / deal, Mini PC / Leave a Comment NEWS – The GEEKOM Mini IT13 is a mini PC that combines impressive performance, space-saving design, and versatile connectivity options, making it ideal for a variety of tasks. Whether you need a home entertainment hub for 4K video playback or a reliable workstation for business applications, the GEEKOM Mini IT13 delivers. With its Intel Core Put this tiny powerhouse PC on your desk for less Read More STEP 22 Tenkile tech pouch review – Keep all your gear in one place By Smythe Richbourg / March 1, 2024 / Reviews / Bags, Pouch, Travel Gear / Leave a Comment REVIEW – So many little bits and bobs are involved with being a True Gadgeteer. Dongles for your laptops and displays. Chargers. (So. Many. Chargers!) Data cards for drones, cameras, phones, tablets and your great-aunt Sophie’s digital picture frame. A tech pouch to gather similar-but-separate bits and pieces for your devices is a good thing. STEP 22 Tenkile tech pouch review – Keep all your gear in one place Read More Achieving $350,000 on Kickstarter, Longer Nano offers a free $129 gift! By Julie Strietelmeier / March 1, 2024 / News / Crowdfunded, engraver / Leave a Comment SPONSORED NEWS – Longer’s cutting edge Nano Laser Engraver has taken the world by storm with its unmatched precision and versatility. In just 6 hours, the Longer Nano campaign surpassed its initial crowdfunding goal with sales exceeding $100,000. Currently, the total crowdfunding amount has reached $360,000, exceeding the goal by 36 times. Each order is Achieving $350,000 on Kickstarter, Longer Nano offers a free $129 gift! Read More Post pagination 1 2 … 1,755 Next → Latest reviews Gokozy women’s heated vest review Himiway C1 Kids eBike review – Pint sized power without pedals KYY 15.6” 3840×2160 4K UHD USB-C portable monitor review – a nice 4k option at a nice price Latest articles Mechanical keyboard DIY build mission complete – Debrief follows eSIMs are annoying episode #2 – or why I kicked my iPhone to the curb eSIMs are annoying for people like me! Gadgeteer Time Machine1 Year ago5 Years ago10 Years agoMarch 5, 2023GeoGrit wallet review – minimalist EDC at its bestIOGEAR 4K Video Extender/Splitter Over Ethernet Cable Kit review – extend HDMI to one or more displays up to 230 feet awayMarch 5, 2019MeetIDEA Mechanical Spider and Bluetooth Speaker reviewSpoke Designs Spoke Pen reviewMarch 5, 2014Snugg iPad mini Case Cover and Flip Stand reviewEDC gear This carabiner will change your mind about carabiners and multi-tools Latest news Grab this $100 off deal for a SIHOO Doro C300 office chair Put this tiny powerhouse PC on your desk for less Achieving $350,000 on Kickstarter, Longer Nano offers a free $129 gift! About Follow Us! Contact Julie Privacy Policy Terms of Service Disclosure Accessibly Statement Copyright © 2024 The Gadgeteer LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. Privacy Manager