Home | Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian Skip to main content This content requires JavaScript. See how to enable JavaScript in your browser or view an alternate version of this content. Center for Astrophysics Harvard & Smithsonian How can we expand the limits of human knowledge further into the unknown? The Center for Astrophysics is a collaboration between the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Harvard College Observatory that’s designed to ask big questions about the universe, build the tools needed to answer them, and share the resulting discoveries with the world. "The coming decade will be an extremely exciting time for astrophysics with the next generation space- and ground-based telescopes being built and coming on-line. The CfA's strength is the expertise of its scientists and researchers across the full electromagnetic spectrum from the X-rays through to the radio and sub-mm. This year, we are developing a 10-year scientific strategic plan to answer some of astronomy's biggest questions. Our work with the Smithsonian to develop nationwide education and outreach programs will bring astronomy to school kids across America." Lisa Kewley, Director Center for Astrophysics Big Questions See All The Big Questions Does life exist outside of the solar system? How do stars and planets form and evolve? What do black holes look like? What is the universe made of? Research Topics See all research topics Learn More Discover the Center for Astrophysics Big Question What do black holes look like? Meet the Scientist Sara Issaoun Current Night Sky Featured News TEMPO Air Pollution Sensor Treks Toward Satellite Integration Research Project Astrophysics Data System (ADS) Research Project YouthAstroNet Meet the Scientist Sheperd Doeleman Show Me Something Amazing Featured News The Magnetic Field in Milky Way "Bones" Fellowship Programs Meet the Scientist Razieh Emami Meibody Big Question What happened in the early universe? The whole universe, delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our newsletter to share in the excitement of advancing humanity’s understanding of the universe. Our subscriber network gets the first look at exclusive Center for Astrophysics content. First Name Last Name Email Address Email powered by Mailchimp Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Footer Column Two Big Questions Research People Facilities & Technology Opportunities About Footer Column Three News Events Resources Support Our Science Footer Column Four Current Night Sky Careers Contact Us Intranet Center for Astrophysics Footer Privacy Facebook Center for Astrophysics Facebook Twitter Center for Astrophysics Twitter YouTube Center for Astrophysics Youtube Channel LinkedIn Center for Astrophysics LinkedIn The Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian The Center for Astrophysics | Harvard & Smithsonian keyword Search Support Our Science keyword-mobile Search Support Our Science Main navigation Home Big Questions Research People Facilities & Technology Academics & Opportunities About Resources Policies Utility Menu News Events Intranet Main navigation Home Big Questions Research People Facilities & Technology Academics & Opportunities About Resources Policies keyword-voyager Search Utility Menu News Events Intranet Support Our Science