OCHA Skip to main content Top menu Media centre OCHA Search form Search Search Where we work Headquarters Asia and the Pacific Afghanistan Myanmar Pacific Islands Pakistan Europe Türkiye Ukraine Latin America and the Caribbean Colombia El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Venezuela Middle East and North Africa Lebanon Occupied Palestinian Territory Syrian Arab Republic Yemen Southern and Eastern Africa Burundi Eritrea Ethiopia Kenya Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Somalia South Sudan Sudan West and Central Africa About the Regional Humanitarian Fund for West and Central Africa Allocation process Burkina Faso Cameroon Central African Republic Chad Contacts Democratic Republic of the Congo Eligibility Governance and guidance Mali Niger Nigeria Resources What we do We advocate We coordinate We fund We inform Who we are This is OCHA Our leadership Our funding Contact us Our priorities Accountability to affected people Anticipatory action Civil-military coordination Climate change Engagement with the private sector Evaluations and Reviews Explosive weapons in populated areas Flagship Initiative Gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls Humanitarian access Internal displacement Localization Protection from sexual exploitation and abuse Protection of civilians Latest News and stories Publications Events Campaigns Jobs Donate More than 1,100 people have been killed or injured in Haiti since January 2024, the deadliest month in the last two years. The photo shows displaced women and children, who have sought refuge in a school in downtown Port-au-Prince, Haiti after fleeing their homes during gang attacks in 2023. OCHA/Giles Clarke Homepage Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share by Email Nearly 300 million people globally need humanitarian assistance and protection At the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), we bring the world together to tackle humanitarian emergencies and save the lives of people caught in crises. What we do We mobilize aid, share information, support humanitarian efforts, and advocate for crisis-affected communities. Read more Where we work Our presence in crisis-affected regions, combined with our expert team, allows us to rapidly respond and provide support to those in need. Read more How you can help Nearly every humanitarian response is critically underfunded. Every cent counts, and saves lives. Contribute today! Read more Latest news and stories View all Image Featured Today's top news: Occupied Palestinian Territory, Haiti, Myanmar 5 March 2024 Read more Featured Today's top news: Occupied Palestinian Territory, Ukraine 4 March 2024 Read more Featured 12 months after the earthquake and 13 years into the conflict, Syria’s recovery remains elusive 4 March 2024 Read more Featured Today's top news: Occupied Palestinian Territory, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia 1 March 2024 Read more Current responses Occupied Palestinian Territory The Occupied Palestinian Territory (OPT) faces a protracted political crisis characterized by more than 55 years of Israeli military occupation, internal Palestinian divisions, and recurrent escalations of hostilities. Learn more Afghanistan Afghanistan is facing an unprecedented humanitarian crisis with a serious risk of systemic collapse and human catastrophe. Learn more Burkina Faso Burkina Faso continues to face the worst humanitarian crisis in its history, with one in four Burkinabè now in need of humanitarian assistance. Learn more Burundi The humanitarian situation in Burundi improved slightly last year, with a 21 per cent decrease in the number of people in need — from 2.3 million in 2021 to 1.8 million in 2022. Learn more Cameroon Nine out of 10 regions in Cameroon are affected by three complex humanitarian crises: the Lake Chad basin conflict, the North-West and South-West crisis, and the Central African Republic (CAR) refugee crisis. Learn more Central African Republic Learn more Chad The humanitarian crisis in Chad is becoming more entrenched due to growing food insecurity and malnutrition, forced displacement, the effects of climate change, and political, socioeconomic, health and sanitation challenges. Learn more Colombia Colombia has made progress in development and peacebuilding over the past decade, but internal armed conflict and violence, extreme weather-related events and COVID-19 have left 7.7 million people in need. Learn more Democratic Republic of the Congo The Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) has the largest number of internally displaced people (IDPs) on the African continent. Learn more El Salvador El Salvador is still dealing with the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and extreme weather events of 2020. Combined with existing vulnerabilities, this left an estimated 1.7 million people in need of assistance. Learn more Eritrea Following a border conflict with Ethiopia from 1998 to 2000, Eritrea experienced a prolonged "no-war, no-peace" situation and faced international sanctions for a decade. Learn more Ethiopia Ethiopia is facing multiple humanitarian emergencies due to climate change, conflict, disease outbreaks, poor macroeconomic conditions, and high commodity and food prices due to inflation. Learn more Guatemala Learn more Haiti Haiti is enduring a severe crisis with political, economic and humanitarian challenges. The President's assassination in July 2021 left the country without a leader, and the economy has suffered from four years of negative growth. Learn more Honduras Honduras faces growing vulnerabilities, including political and social conflicts, climate change, forced displacement and migration. Learn more Kenya Kenya is facing an unprecedented drought. An estimated 4.4 million people face high levels of food insecurity, with over 4.1 million lacking access to enough water for daily needs. Learn more Lebanon Lebanon is facing an unprecedented economic and financial crisis affecting all residents, including Lebanese, Syrian and Palestinian refugees and migrants. Learn more Madagascar Madagascar's Grand Sud region has been affected by consecutive droughts. Despite a scale-up in humanitarian assistance, food insecurity and malnutrition improved in the Grand Sud, but the situation remains fragile. Learn more Malawi The Tropical Cyclone Freddy weather system brought torrential rainfall to southern Malawi from 12 to 15 March 2023, causing devastating floods and mudslides and leaving a trail of destruction. Learn more Mali Mali is beset by insecurity, conflict, the impacts of climate change and limited access to basic social services, all of which are causing severe humanitarian need. Learn more Mozambique An estimated 945,000 people have been internally displaced by the armed conflict in Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique, which continues to increase humanitarian needs. Learn more Myanmar Two years since the military takeover, the humanitarian outlook for Myanmar remains bleak. Conflict is raging, public services are in disarray and inflation is having a devastating effect on people’s financial situations. Learn more Niger Niger continues to face an acute and complex humanitarian crisis marked by the impact of persistent insecurity, epidemics, food insecurity and floods. Learn more Nigeria There has been no reprieve in the humanitarian crisis in north-east Nigeria’s Borno, Adamawa and Yobe States, where armed conflict is now in its thirteenth year. Learn more Pakistan Unrelenting monsoon rains across Pakistan — the worst in a decade — resulted in widespread flooding and landslides between June and August 2022. Learn more Somalia Somalia is facing a rapidly unfolding humanitarian catastrophe, driven by the longest and most severe drought in at least 40 years. Learn more South Sudan The humanitarian situation in South Sudan is worsening, driven by the cumulative and compounding effects of years of conflict, subnational violence, food insecurity, the climate crisis and public health challenges. Learn more Sudan Clashes between the Sudanese Armed Forces and the Rapid Support Forces erupted in Khartoum on 15 April 2023. Hundreds of people have been killed and thousands injured due to the conflict. Learn more Syrian Arab Republic After 11 years of crisis, most Syrians continue to face a continued humanitarian decline. The country still has the world’s largest number of internally displaced people of 6.8 million people. Learn more Türkiye OCHA Türkiye is one of the three OCHA hubs working together to implement the Syria Humanitarian Response Plan (HRP) collectively in the spirit of the whole of Syria. Learn more Ukraine Since the full-scale invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces in February 2022, the lives of countless women, men and children have been torn apart. Millions were forced to leave Ukraine and become refugees. Learn more Venezuela In 2022, Venezuela showed signs of economic stabilization and growth. Despite this, people still face vast socioeconomic challenges. Learn more Yemen Eight years into the conflict, the crisis in Yemen remains severe, with more than 21 million people — two thirds of the population — in need of humanitarian assistance. Learn more How we respond We coordinate During an emergency, at the request of the affected country’s Government, we coordinate the flurry of response efforts to ensure they reach the people most in need. Read more We advocate Through our public and private advocacy, we raise awareness of humanitarian crises and the needs of affected people. We advocate for the protection of civilians and respect for international humanitarian law. Read more We develop policy We constantly update existing policies and develop new ones, as we strive to improve the way we deliver assistance to people in need. Read more We fund We work with humanitarian partners around the world to identify the most critical humanitarian needs, plan responses and determine the budgets needed to address them. Read more We inform Accurate information and data are critical in informing a rapid, effective and principled humanitarian response. They are also vital for coordinating the response. Read more What we do Advocacy Coordination Humanitarian financing Humanitarian policy Information management Where we work Asia and the Pacific Europe Latin America and the Caribbean Middle East and North Africa Southern and Eastern Africa West and Central Africa Latest Campaigns Events Jobs News and stories Publications Our priorities Accountability to affected people Anticipatory action Civil-military coordination Climate change Engagement with the private sector Evaluations and reviews Flagship Initiative Gender equality Humanitarian access Internal displacement Localization Protection from sexual exploitation and abuse Protection of civilians Events ECOSOC Humanitarian Affairs Segment Global Humanitarian Policy Forum Humanitarian Networks and Partnerships Weeks Pledging conferences Protection of Civilians Week Take action Donate Campaigns United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs UN OCHA United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs Subscribe Subscribe to UNOCHA mailing list Do not fill in this field Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram © United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs