Nature Skip to main content Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles and JavaScript. Advertisement View all journals Search Log in Explore content About the journal Publish with us Subscribe Sign up for alerts RSS feed Oldest known animal sex chromosome evolved in octopuses 380 million years ago Result reveals for the first time how some cephalopods determine sex. Featured Content Genetics solves mystery of rare brown pandas after 40 years Chinese researchers find the gene responsible for the brown-and-white fur of a handful of giant pandas in China. Xiaoying You News04 Mar 2024 More than 2 million research papers have disappeared from the Internet An analysis of DOIs suggests that digital preservation is not keeping up with burgeoning scholarly knowledge. Sarah Wild News04 Mar 2024 Ligand-channel-enabled ultrafast Li-ion conduction An electrolyte design using small-sized fluoroacetonitrile solvents to form a ligand channel produces lithium-ion batteries simultaneously achieving high energy density, fast charging and wide operating temperature range, desirable features for batteries working in extreme conditions. Di LuRuhong LiXiulin Fan Article28 Feb 2024 Daily briefing: Huge, parasitic, stemless, rootless, leafless, stinking — fall in love with Rafflesia In Pathless Forest, botanist Chris Thorogood delves into his obsession with the ‘corpse flower’. Plus, a breakthrough in molecular motors and questions about the future of two giant US telescopes. Flora Graham Nature Briefing01 Mar 2024 Contents Subscribe Current Issue29 Feb 2024 Advertisement News & Comment More than 2 million research papers have disappeared from the Internet An analysis of DOIs suggests that digital preservation is not keeping up with burgeoning scholarly knowledge. Sarah Wild News04 Mar 2024 Genetics solves mystery of rare brown pandas after 40 years Xiaoying You News04 Mar 2024 Oldest known animal sex chromosome evolved in octopuses 380 million years ago Carissa Wong News04 Mar 2024 What science says about hybrid working — and how to make it a success David Adam News Feature04 Mar 2024 Big science in Latin America: accelerate particles and progress Victor M. CastañoPedro Fernández de CórdobaGalileo Violini Comment04 Mar 2024 Organoids grown from amniotic fluid could shed light on rare diseases Lilly Tozer News04 Mar 2024 The enigmas of language and immunology, and other reads: Books in brief Andrew Robinson Book Review01 Mar 2024 Latest Reviews & Analysis Measuring the quantum vibrations of a small drum at room temperature A combination of technical improvements in noise mitigation enabled the observation of the quantum force of light on a millimetre-scale drum at room temperature. This experimental system permits the drum’s position to be measured with an accuracy close to the quantum limit. Research Briefing01 Mar 2024 Non-neuronal brain cells modulate behaviour A single gene in astrocytes can constrain repetitive behaviours, indicating that these cells are regulators of behavioural disruption in conditions such as Huntington’s disease and obsessive–compulsive disorder. Anna Kruyer News & Views28 Feb 2024 Quantum sensor settles debate about superconductivity in hydrides By adapting a device designed to create extremely high pressures into one that can sense magnetic fields, researchers have obtained evidence that a hydrogen-rich material is a superconductor, eliminating long-standing doubts. Kin On HoSen Yang News & Views28 Feb 2024 Self-assembling synthetic polymer forms liquid-like droplets The molecules of liquid crystals and proteins can form liquid-like condensates, but such a phenomenon had not been observed for supramolecular polymers, which are held together by non-covalent bonds — until now. Jennifer L. Ross News & Views28 Feb 2024 Mechanisms guiding the slow pace of maturation in human neurons uncovered Nerve cells in the human brain take a remarkably long time to mature. This study identifies an epigenetic ‘barrier’ in neural precursor cells that determines the rate of neuronal maturation and is slowly released during the process. Inhibition of the barrier is shown to accelerate maturation in multiple human stem-cell-based models. Research Briefing28 Feb 2024 A mobile DNA sequence could explain tail loss in humans and apes Miriam K. KonkelEmily L. Casanova News & Views28 Feb 2024 Tiny sheaths of solvent boost battery performance Chong YanJia-Qi Huang News & Views28 Feb 2024 Synchronized neuronal activity drives waste fluid flow Lauren HablitzMaiken Nedergaard News & Views28 Feb 2024 Ion and lipid orchestration of secondary active transport David DrewOlga Boudker Review Article28 Feb 2024 Nature is a Transformative Journal; authors can publish using the traditional publishing route OR via immediate gold Open Access. Our Open Access option complies with funder and institutional requirements. Latest Research articles Triple-junction solar cells with cyanate in ultrawide bandgap perovskites Shunchang LiuYue LuYi Hou Article04 Mar 2024 Dopant-additive synergism enhances perovskite solar modules Bin DingYong DingMohammad Khaja Nazeeruddin Article04 Mar 2024 Symmetry breaking and chiral amplification in prebiotic ligation reactions A study of a new route to proteinogenic peptides reveals how heterochiral preference can lead to homochiral peptides in a prebiotic world. Min DengJinhan YuDonna G. Blackmond Article28 Feb 2024 Anti-TIGIT antibody improves PD-L1 blockade through myeloid and Treg cells A high baseline of intratumoural macrophages and regulatory T cells is associated with better outcomes in patients with non-small cell lung cancer treated with atezolizumab plus tiragolumab, but not with atezolizumab alone. Xiangnan GuanRuozhen HuNamrata S. Patil Article28 Feb 2024 The CRL5–SPSB3 ubiquitin ligase targets nuclear cGAS for degradation The ubiquitin proteasomal system degrades nuclear cGAS in cycling cells. Pengbiao XuYing LiuAndrea Ablasser ArticleOpen Access28 Feb 2024 Collections Brazil In January 2023 Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva became president of Brazil, succeeding Jair Bolsonaro. Spotlight 21 Dec 2023 Advertisement Trending - Altmetric On the genetic basis of tail-loss evolution in humans and apes How humans lost their tails — and why the discovery took 2.5 years to publish Neuronal dynamics direct cerebrospinal fluid perfusion and brain clearance ‘Incomprehensible’: scientists in France decry €900-million cut to research Science jobs Associate or Senior Editor, Nature Machine Intelligence Position: Associate or Senior Editor, Nature Machine Intelligence Location: Shanghai, Beijing, or New York- Hybrid working model Deadline: 31, Marc... New York City, New York (US) Springer Nature Ltd Associate or Senior Editor (Cancer epidemiology and imaging), Nature Communications About Springer Nature Group Springer Nature opens the doors to discovery for researchers, educators, clinicians and other professionals. Every day,... New York City, New York (US) Springer Nature Ltd Postdoctoral Associate- Statistical Genetics Houston, Texas (US) Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) Head of Biology, Bio-island Head of Biology to lead the discovery biology group. Guangzhou, Guangdong, China BeiGene Ltd. Faculty Positions, Aging and Neurodegeneration, Westlake Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine Applicants with expertise in aging and neurodegeneration and related areas are particularly encouraged to apply. Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China Westlake Laboratory of Life Sciences and Biomedicine (WLLSB) Advertisement Close banner Close Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. Email address Sign up I agree my information will be processed in accordance with the Nature and Springer Nature Limited Privacy Policy. Close banner Close Get the most important science stories of the day, free in your inbox. Sign up for Nature Briefing Explore content Research articles News Opinion Research Analysis Careers Books & Culture Podcasts Videos Current issue Browse issues Collections Subjects Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe Sign up for alerts RSS feed About the journal Journal Staff About the Editors Journal Information Our publishing models Editorial Values Statement Journal Metrics Awards Contact Editorial policies History of Nature Send a news tip Publish with us For Authors For Referees Language editing services Submit manuscript Search Search articles by subject, keyword or author Show results from All journals This journal Search Advanced search Quick links Explore articles by subject Find a job Guide to authors Editorial policies Top headline image: Norbert Wu/Minden Pictures via Alamy Issue cover: Cover image: Aman Raghuwanshi, edited by Bailey Tischer and Bo Xia Nature (Nature) ISSN 1476-4687 (online) ISSN 0028-0836 (print) nature.com sitemap About Nature Portfolio About us Press releases Press office Contact us Discover content Journals A-Z Articles by subject Protocol Exchange Nature Index Publishing policies Nature portfolio policies Open access Author & Researcher services Reprints & permissions Research data Language editing Scientific editing Nature Masterclasses Research Solutions Libraries & institutions Librarian service & tools Librarian portal Open research Recommend to library Advertising & partnerships Advertising Partnerships & Services Media kits Branded content Professional development Nature Careers Nature Conferences Regional websites Nature Africa Nature China Nature India Nature Italy Nature Japan Nature Korea Nature Middle East Privacy Policy Use of cookies Your privacy choices/Manage cookies Legal notice Accessibility statement Terms & Conditions Your US state privacy rights © 2024 Springer Nature Limited