American Museum of Natural History | New York City Ticket reservations are required. Facial coverings are strongly recommended. See Health and Safety. × Skip to Page Content Skip to Navigation Skip to Navigation Skip to Search Skip to Footer American Museum of Natural History Open daily, 10 am–5:30 pm. Become a Member » Reserve Tickets » My Account Plan Your Visit Overview COVID-19 Health and Safety Admissions and Ticketing Hours Museum Map Temporary Hall Closures Accessibility Field Trips Dining Shops Guided Tours Transportation Directions, ticket info, and visitor tips. Plan Your Visit See more and save more as a Member! Join Now! Exhibitions Ticketed Exhibitions Davis Family Butterfly Vivarium Invisible Worlds: Immersive Experience The Secret World of Elephants Blue Whales: Giant Screen Film Worlds Beyond Earth: Space Show Included Exhibitions What's in a Name? Garden of Green Extinct and Endangered: Insects in Peril Richard Gilder Center for Science, Education, and Innovation Allison and Roberto Mignone Halls of Gems and Minerals Learn & Teach Children & Family Programs Teen Programs Higher Education Adult Programs Educator Programs Evaluation, Research, & Policy Master of Arts in Teaching Online Courses for Educators Urban Advantage Find activities for school or home. Resources for Learning Children & Family Programs Explore Viruses, Vaccines, and COVID-19 The Science of COVID-19 OLogy: The Science Website for Kids News & Blogs Videos Science Topics Margaret Mead Festival Origami at the Museum Science Topics Climate Change Viruses, Vaccines, and COVID-19 Our Research Anthropology Invertebrate Zoology Paleontology Physical Sciences Astrophysics Earth and Planetary Sciences Vertebrate Zoology Herpetology Ichthyology Mammalogy Ornithology Richard Gilder Graduate School Hayden Planetarium Center for Biodiversity and Conservation Institute for Comparative Genomics Southwestern Research Station Research Library Darwin Manuscripts Project Microscopy and Imaging Facility Science Conservation Computational Sciences Staff Directory Scientific Publications Calendar Join & Support Ways to Donate Membership Renew Now Membership FAQ Volunteer Benefit Events Corporate Support Planned Giving Get the most out of the Museum Become a Member Help us explore, innovate, & empower Donate Shop Main Shop Toys Clothing Books Home Decor Great for Gifts! Open daily, 10 am–5:30 pm. Reserve Tickets » Become a Member » Plan Your Visit Plan Your Visit Overview COVID-19 Health and Safety Admissions and Ticketing Hours Museum Map Temporary Hall Closures Accessibility Field Trips Dining Shops Guided Tours Transportation Exhibitions Exhibitions Ticketed Exhibitions Davis Family Butterfly Vivarium Invisible Worlds: Immersive Experience The Secret World of Elephants Blue Whales: Giant Screen Film Worlds Beyond Earth: Space Show Included Exhibitions What's in a Name? Garden of Green Extinct and Endangered: Insects in Peril Learn & Teach Learn & Teach Children & Family Programs Teen Programs Higher Education Adult Programs Educator Programs Evaluation, Research, & Policy Master of Arts in Teaching Online Courses for Educators Urban Advantage Explore Explore Viruses, Vaccines, and COVID-19 The Science of COVID-19 OLogy: The Science Website for Kids News & Blogs Videos Science Topics Margaret Mead Festival Origami at the Museum Our Research Our Research Anthropology Invertebrate Zoology Paleontology Physical Sciences Astrophysics Earth and Planetary Sciences Vertebrate Zoology Herpetology Ichthyology Mammalogy Ornithology Richard Gilder Graduate School Hayden Planetarium Center for Biodiversity and Conservation Institute for Comparative Genomics Southwestern Research Station Research Library Darwin Manuscripts Project Microscopy and Imaging Facility Science Conservation Computational Sciences Staff Directory Scientific Publications Calendar Join & Support Join & Support Ways to Donate Membership Renew Now Membership FAQ Volunteer Benefit Events Corporate Support Planned Giving Shop Shop Main Shop Toys Clothing Books Home Decor My Account Discover The Secret World of Elephants. Mingle with hundreds of butterflies. Experience the beauty of Invisible Worlds. Travel to Worlds Beyond Earth. Events Member Programs Wednesday, March 20, 2024 Member Hours Science Socials Wednesday, March 6, 2024 SciCafe: The Dirt on Soil Planetarium Programs Tuesday, March 12, 2024 Frontiers Lecture: Space Weather Lectures and Talks Thursday, March 14, 2024 The Untold Story of Dog Domestication Social and Philanthropic Events Wednesday, April 17, 2024 The Spring Lunch Special Events Tuesday, October 22, 2024 Family Party Today's Highlights Explore More Giant-Screen Film Blue Whales: Return of the Giants Explore the world of the largest animals on Earth—the magnificent blue whale. Educator Materials Resources for Learning Browse a rich collection of science educator materials: activities, articles, games, videos, hall guides Permanent Hall Susan and Peter J. Solomon Family Insectarium Permanent Hall Louis V. Gerstner, Jr. Collections Core Exhibition Garden of Green Educator Materials Field Trips OLogy: The Science Website for Kids On OLogy, kids of all ages can play games, do activities, watch videos, and meet scientists. Find out about fossils, the universe, genetics, and so much more! Go to OLogy » Become a Member Unlimited General Admission Free tickets to ticketed exhibitions and exclusive Member previews Access to a Member entrance Join Today » Reserve Tickets Subscribe to our newsletter. Sign Up American Museum of Natural History 200 Central Park West New York, NY 10024-5102Phone: 212-769-5100 Open daily, 10 am–5:30 pm.Closed Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.Directions » About the museum Contact Us Accessibility Visitor information Host an event Careers Press Center CityPASS News and Blogs Videos Shops Traveling Exhibitions Privacy Policy Copyright Information Non-Discrimination Notice Close What are you looking for?