Taylor & Francis Online: Peer-reviewed Journals Taylor and Francis Group is part of the Academic Publishing Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC’s registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. Log in | Register Cart Global south research: Five articles that are influencing policy Search peer-reviewed journals and articles Advanced search 5,173,000+ articles Find a journal Explore journals and articles by subject Search and explore the millions of quality, peer-reviewed journal articles published under the Taylor & Francis, Routledge and Dove Medical Press imprints. Area Studies Arts Behavioral Sciences Bioscience Built Environment Communication Studies Computer Science Earth Sciences Economics, Finance, Business & Industry Education Engineering & Technology Environment & Agriculture Environment and Sustainability Food Science & Technology Geography Global Development Health and Social Care Humanities Information Science Language & Literature Law Mathematics & Statistics Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied Health Museum and Heritage Studies Physical Sciences Politics & International Relations Social Sciences Sports and Leisure Tourism, Hospitality and Events Urban Studies Journals A - Z Learn how we support you Librarians Connect with our world-class resources. Resources for librarians Authors Publish your research. Enhance your career. Resources for authors Editors Essential guidance and support for editors. Resources for editors Societies Collaborative publishing, global reach. Resources for societies Taylor & Francis open access journals and publishing Trending research Article How Early Digital Experience Shapes Young Brains During 0-12 Years: A Scoping Review Dandan Wu, Xinyi Dong, Danqing Liu & Hui Li Published online: 16 Nov 2023 Article Caffeinated Soda Intake in Children Is Associated with Neurobehavioral Risk Factors for Substance Misuse Mina Kwon, Hyeonjin Kim, Jaeyeong Yang, Yoseph Lee, Jihyun K. Hur, Tae-Ho Lee, James M. Bjork & Woo-Young Ahn Published online: 7 Nov 2023 Article Biased and Nonbiased Victimization at School: Perceived Impacts Among Victimized Youth in a National Sample Allison Kurpiel Published online: 9 Nov 2023 Article Discovery of a new species of dwarf frog (Anura: Ceratobatrachidae: Alcalus) extends the northwestern distributional limits of the genus to Northeast India Bitupan Boruah, Surya Narayanan, Jason D. Gerard, Abhijit Das & V. Deepak Published online: 23 Oct 2023 English language editing Publication-focused editing that helps make your manuscript ready for initial submission. Keep up to date Register to receive personalised research and resources by email Explore our books Discover books and ebooks from Routledge and CRC Press. Explore Routledge Open Research Submit your research to Routledge Open Research, a dedicated open research Platform for HSS authors. Must-read open access books Explore editors' must-read selections celebrating 10 years of OA books. Choose the right journal Navigate the process of choosing the right journal for your research with our comprehensive free guide. Information for Authors R&D professionals Editors Librarians Societies Open access Overview Open journals Open Select Dove Medical Press F1000Research Opportunities Reprints and e-prints Advertising solutions Accelerated publication Corporate access solutions Help and information Help and contact Newsroom All journals Books Keep up to date Register to receive personalised research and resources by email Sign me up Taylor and Francis Group Facebook page Taylor and Francis Group X Twitter page Taylor and Francis Group Linkedin page Taylor and Francis Group Youtube page Taylor and Francis Group Weibo page Copyright © 2024 Informa UK Limited Privacy policy Cookies Terms & conditions Accessibility Registered in England & Wales No. 3099067 5 Howick Place | London | SW1P 1WG