Crowdfire: The only social media manager you’ll ever need Get Started Home Features Content Publish Analytics Mentions Upgrade Learning Pricing Sign in Get Started Features Content Publish Analytics Mentions Upgrade Learning Pricing Site Language: English English Français Español Bahasa Indonesia Português Italiano Türkçe 日本語 العربية Sign in English Français Español Bahasa Indonesia Português Italiano Türkçe 日本語 العربية Social Media Management, Simplified Crowdfire helps you discover and schedule content, and manage all your social accounts from one place. Your super-smart marketing sidekick that will help you grow online everyday. Get Started → Get Started → Available on Available on Here’s how it works Discover relevant content based on your topics of interest Automatically discover articles and images your audience will love, so you can share them to all your social profiles and keep your timelines buzzing! HOW IT WORKS Publish content from your own blogs and sites Keep an eye out for updates from your website, blog or online shops and create quick, beautiful posts for every update to easily share on all your social profiles! HOW IT WORKS Pre-schedule all of your content Schedule all your posts in advance and publish them automatically at the best times or at times chosen by you, saving you tons of time and effort! HOW IT WORKS Get tailored posts for every social network Automagically customize your posts for all your social profiles, taking away the headache of crafting separate posts for each individual social network! More amazing features… Get images based on your favourite topics Use the Chrome extension to share articles you like Add your own RSS feeds Get images based on your favourite topics Use the Chrome extension to share articles you like Add your own RSS feeds 19M+ Users from all over the world use Crowdfire!💥 The application is really good. It is intuitive and it allows me to schedule everything perfectly. Before Crowdfire, it was painful and it did not work well for me. I had to be sure I had fewer words for Twitter and pictures were not transferring really well. Crowdfire is doing that for me now and I really appreciate the reporting each week. Works like a charm and I love the ease of the app. I really recommend it for your business!" Eddie Darac Gestion BSP As a small business owner, I strive for the utmost efficiency on a daily basis. Crowdfire has been a lifesaver when it comes to scheduling our social media! I can sit down and schedule out weeks in advance, freeing me up to focus on sales. Their new calendar view feature is exactly what I was looking for so I can see gaps in my online presence. Crowdfire has made my life so much easier!" George Shoemaker George Shoemaker, Partner, Currency Coffee Coffee blender, a taster of everything, sales geek, humanist, libertari The Crowdfire app has outstanding publishing features that other social media tools cannot offer. Consistent presentation with video previews, hashtags, and photos make posts look handcrafted every time. Best of all is the affordability of the tool compared to others." Paul Trinidad Software Consultant and Social Media Marketer I am loving using Crowdfire! As a content creator and social media manager, I have many accounts to manage and my time is extremely valuable. If you are a business owner, you know this, and let me tell you, you need Crowdfire! The most useful feature for sure is the calendar. It allows me to easily drop in content, so I can spend more time creating and editing, and less time uploading and posting. Being able to visualize all of the content for the month that I have already created allows me to effectively plan out what I still need to create, and seeing it right in front of me helps me protect my precious time! If you are like me and you manage multiple accounts, you can connect all of them and it is super intuitive to use! I highly recommend Crowdfire to anyone in the digital space!" Courtney Mixon Courtney is a social media manager & content creator based out of Atlanta, Georgia. She specializes in fitness marketing and works with big box gyms, boutique fitness studios, wellness spaces, physical therapists and more I have worked with a lot of social software tools over the years but I find the Crowdfire app very intuitive and easy to use. My staff and clients can get what they need done when they need it quickly and easily. The reporting adds a lot of value and is delivered on time every week right into our inboxes. I would highly recommend Crowdfire to any business or marketing professionals." Jamie CEO + Founder Howto.Marketing We have been using social media for promotion for several years and so far we have worked with several different providers. We also started working with Crowdfire where we found that they offer the most in terms of price. Their platform is very transparent and easy to use. The big advantage is that the add-ons can be added separately and very easily. They offer a lot of add-ons for a very affordable price, but their competition offers half as many for the same price. I recommend their application to anyone who wants an easy way and fast way to create ads. It must also be emphasized that in addition to the typical ways of advertising, it is also possible to arrange specific things so that each user can make their work as easy as possible and choose what they really need." Damjan Petrič We offer quality products, tools, accessories, and electrical appliances at affordable prices for hair removal, nail care, cosmetic, and hairdressing services. Crowdfire has transformed the way I use social media and it saves me a lot of time. Their mentions feature has helped me significantly increase my engagement rate, their analytics are very detailed, and it’s one of the only affordable social media management tools out there!" MO AL-GHORAIRY Founder, Turkishware.com Crowdfire helps you with your end-to-end Social Media process, right from publishing your content to analysing it. It helps me understand what’s working for me and how should I refine my strategies to make the most of Social Media." Alexandre Augrain Social Media consultant I’ve tried many solutions to help me streamline my social media marketing needs and have been very disappointed until I found Crowdfire App. Crowdfire not only allows you to schedule your social media posts across all major platform, it also curates content to make it a no-brainer when sharing content specific to your niche. I can’t live without it and highly recommend it." Bernardo Tirado, PMP Managing Partner, Welbeck Advisors If you are looking for the best social media management platform for any industry ranging from education, medical, engineering, non-profit or any field Crowdfire is the best alternative out there. The hassle-free user interface and the ease of the functionality along with automated reports have helped us boost the organization marketing choices. What I like the best about Crowdfire is their customer support and the competitors' analysis which helps Idea Hub Nepal in building a strong strategy to move ahead." KAMAL SUBEDI CEO, Idea hub Nepal I've used Buffer, Hootsuite, Sprout, and several other social media management systems but Crowdfire has blown them all away. The pricing on Crowdfire is the best value for my money and the ease and convenience of posting and scheduling on all my social networks from a single app on my phone has saved me hundreds of hours every year!" Lisa Pietsch Managing Partner of Tequila Aficionado Media, Publisher of Tequila Aficionado Magazine and is multi-published in both fiction and non-fiction. As a blogger and social media educator, part of my job is to advise my followers on ways to make their social media marketing more efficient and more effective. There's no shortage of social media management tools out there. But for me, what makes Crowdfire a standout offering is how its robust feature set and streamlined UI make building and scheduling posts effortless. Being able to curate and schedule a ton of posts in one go is such a timesaver, and replying to comments and mentions in one central dashboard is a breeze. Crowdfire's listening tool helps businesses take their social strategy to the next level, allowing you to monitor brand sentiment and keep tabs on the content and performance of competitors - data that can be used to pivot and tweak your own strategy in real-time to outperform your rivals. All of Crowdfire's features are underpinned by detailed analytics, with share-ready reports generated in just a few seconds - perfect for disseminating amongst team members. If you're considering an all-in-one social media management tool for your business, Crowdfire makes for a really great option, with a generous free trial and competitive pricing options to suit all budgets." Andrew Macarthy I’ve been writing about social media marketing and using it to grow my own businesses since 2012. I provide simple and effective strategies that help any business grow using social media. I have been using Crowdfire as a social media manager now for almost two years. It has helped me stay on top of all of my social accounts across the board. I love that I can keep up with analytics, as well as schedule posts at the best times all in one easy-to-use location." Jessica Social media manager for SohoSpark, a veteran-owned small business providing faux leather journals. I'm a U.K. based voiceover artist. So reaching my target client and building ongoing relationships is vital. I’m often recording in the studio, and I never know when the next ‘rush job’ will come in. That means I need to be smart with the time I spend on social media. That’s where Crowdfire comes in, and it has has quickly become my favourite platform for efficiently planning campaigns and easily reaching the right audience with minimal effort on my part. With just a few clicks my social media work is done for the week!" Simon Lewis U.K. based voiceover artist. My role is to breathe emotion, colour and conversation into your brand. To build lasting relationships with you and your customers. I’m no longer spending a large amount of money on ads that may or may not work. I’m logging into Crowdfire and finding customers who are already interested in what I’m selling. These customers are liking, commenting, engaging, visiting my site, and buying! A 100% increase in sales!" Laura Boutiqueestella Owner As a small NGO, it can be hard to create consistent social media output, especially when staff and projects change. But Crowdfire is helping us to plan ahead and the articles/RSS feature means we always have ideas about what content to share. Highly recommended." Emily Sims I am the General Manager of Prosper Australia. Our mission is to secure genuine equality of opportunity. We conduct research and educate decision-makers and the general public in the economics of monopoly rent and locational advantage. I always have that 2:00 AM hour where I have so many tweet ideas, but posting them all of a sudden wouldn't be the best way for my account to grow. CrowdFire completely changed my way of managing my account. I now spend minimum time, while CrowdFire automatically posts during the "Best-Time" eventually leading to maximum reach" Priyanka Giri That CSE Engineer on Twitter Crowfire has been amazing for my small business. It saves me so much time in regards to posting as I can schedule way in advance both for marketing and also managing my client groups. It's wonderful knowing that months can be scheduled in advance, it's a weight lifted. I've found the platform easy to use on both mobile and desktop, the support is amazing, and the price is affordable. I would highly recommend it" Leanne Lisbon Emotional Eating Expert, Mind Over Muffin Let’s Go! Get Started → Get Started → Don’t have an account? Signup here. Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Login with Instagram has been deprecated Already have an account? Login here. Sign up with Facebook Sign up with Twitter By signing up, I agree to Crowdfire’s Terms of Service. Let’s Go! Email Address Password Log in Create an account Forgot password Reset password Just let us know the email you use to sign in to Crowdfire and we’ll help you get your password back. Email Address Send Password Reset Email Take me back to login Recovery Email Sent! Please check your email within next 15 minutes for next steps to reset your password. If you can't see the mail, it might be in your spam folder, or your Crowdfire account might be under different email address. Take me back to login Let’s Go! Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Email Login with Instagram has been deprecated: Read more Don’t have an account? Register here. Let’s Get your Account Set Up Full Name Email Address Password Confirm Password Register By signing up, I agree to Crowdfire’s Terms of Service. Already have an account? Login here. Let’s Go! Already have an account? Login here. Sign up with Facebook Sign up with Twitter Sign up with Email By signing up, I agree to Crowdfire’s Terms of Service. Sign up Click here to learn more. Terms of Use Help & Support Affiliates/Referral About Careers Blog Case Studies Follow us on © 2024 Crowdfire Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy, Data Processing Addendum & Terms