Arts & Culture Experiments - Experiments with Google Experiments with GoogleCollections▾ TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers Start With One Creatability Digital Wellbeing Experiments WebXR Experiments Arts & Culture Experiments AR Experiments AI Experiments Android Experiments Chrome Experiments VIEW ALL 17 COLLECTIONSExperimentsSubmit Experiment Collection Arts & Culture Experiments Try out experiments at the crossroads of art and technology, created by Artists and Creative Coders with Google Arts & Culture. All Arts & Culture Experiments Passage of Waterby Yiyun Kang In collaboration with artist Yiyun Kang and NASA, learn about freshwater availability and engage... Launch Experiment Overview Cultural Iconsby By Gael Hugo, Artist In Residence at Google Arts & Culture Lab Explore, learn & test your cultural knowledge with the help of Google AI. Launch Experiment Overview Say What You Seeby By Jack Wild, Artist In Residence at Google Arts & Culture Lab Learn the art of image prompting with the help of Google AI. Launch Experiment Overview Don’t Touch The Artby Jack Wild, Artist in Residence at Google Arts & Culture Lab How far can you fall through the gallery without touching the artworks? Launch Experiment Overview Seeing the Invisibleby Cristina Tarquini In collaboration with the World Health Organization and artist Cristina Tarquini, interact with... Launch Experiment Overview Viola the Birdby David Li, artist in residence at Google Arts & Culture Lab Experience a new cello-inspired instrument in the latest music-meets-tech instalment from David... Launch Experiment Overview Da Vinci Stickiesby Google Arts & Culture Lab Artist in Residence: Bastien Girschig Step a little further into the imagination and notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci, and dream up new... Launch Experiment Overview Inside a Genius Mindby A Collaboration between Emeritus Professor Martin Kemp, Google Arts & Culture, Artist in Residence Martial Geoffre-Rouland and Nexus Studios. Dive into Leonardo Da Vinci’s personal notebooks - his codices - exploring themes across time... Launch Experiment Overview LUMA Arles & Google Research Initiative by LUMA Arles and Google Research In furtherance of LUMA’s long-term focus on the creative potential of innovation, LUMA Arles and... Overview Return of the Cat Mummyby A project by Google Arts & Culture Lab and Psycle interactive Return to life as a cat mummy and help save the pharaoh’s journey of eternity in a race against time. Launch Experiment Overview Home Talkby St+art India Foundation, Zach Lieberman, Google Arts & Culture Artists in Residence What does Home mean to you? Launch Experiment Overview Global Street Art X Geospatial Creatorby Global Street Art, Camille Walala, Edgar Saner, Tristan Eaton Google Arts & Culture and Global Street Art bring interactive AR murals to life in London,... Overview Loaded all experiments Privacy & Terms Submitting...Saving...