Polaris Dental Specialists - Beaverton, OR & Salem, OR Toggle navigation Salem 503-991-5921 503-991-5921 Endodontics Signs & Symptoms Root Canal Treatment Endodontic Retreatment Laser Endodontics Apicoectomy Patient Resources What is an Endodontist? Root Canal FAQ Patient Testimonials New Patient Forms Patient Login About Us The Story Behind Our Specialties Why Choose Us Meet Our Doctor Tour Our Office Blog Referring Doctors Referring Doctors Locations Salem Office Request Appointment Experience Our Practice Watch our cultural video to see what we are all about Our Mission & Purpose It’s not only what we do that makes us shine.It’s who we are. Polaris Dental Specialists is ready to transform all aspects of your smile while giving you the glowing confidence you deserve. Our vision to enhance the lives of our patients in a calm, positive atmosphere makes us a leader in patient comfort, and our relaxing chair-side manner makes your time with us as pleasant as possible. We believe dental health should be a stress-free priority, and that’s why we offer flexible scheduling as well as a variety of payment options to ensure you receive the highest standard of personalized care. Request an Appointment Now Polaris Dental Specialists With a wide range of services and treatments to accommodate all of your dental health needs, Polaris is your one-stop location to a better you. Our offices boast premium endodontic, periodontic and dental implant treatment from two of the top dental specialists in the region. Our convenient locations are happy to serve the communities of Salem, and Beaverton, and we’re thrilled to give back and support our communities while we do it. Dr. Nguyen and Dr. Garibov understand that the key to extraordinary dental care is developing lasting relationships based on mutual trust. We believe that patients should be comfortable and well informed, which is why we are happy to provide online dental resources and answers to your most frequently asked questions. We invite your questions and concerns and are excited to work with you to create the smile you’ve always wanted. After all, smiles do speak for themselves. Meet Our Doctor Salem Come Visit Us Tuesday9:00 am – 12:00 pm and 1:00 pm – 3:00 pm --> Wednesday9:00 am – 12:00 pm and 1:00 pm – 3:00 pm 925 Commercial St SE, Suite 240 Salem, OR 97302Get Directions Give us a call at 503-991-5921 today!Current Patients: 503-991-5921Schedule Your Visit Online Featured Services Root Canal Treatment Endodontic Retreatment Laser Endodontics Apicoectomy Helpful Links What is an Endodontist? Meet Our Doctor Patient Testimonials Tour Our Office Root Canal FAQ Dr. Nguyen is one of the best root canal specialists I've ever been to and he provides top notch service. He is patient, attentive and professional. G V. The team starting at the door is friendly, professional and sincere. Dr. Nguyen is an awesome professional, gentle and caring. Thank you to the great team at Polaris.Peggy D. I can honestly say, after a lifetime of dental visits, that one of the least painful visits has been to my endodontist, Dr. Nguyen for a root canal.Jim F. The procedure was relatively quick and painless, and recovery is going well. Dr. Nguyen is amazing: patient, knowledgeable, skilled, and willing to answer any questions. I highly recommend.Amber H. Explained his every move so I knew what was happening. Definitely a strong establishment. Would definitely come back here! If you need work done then this is the best place for it!Wilbur B. See More Reviews © 2024 Polaris Dental Specialists Request Appointment Contact Now × To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video × Thanks for Choosing Us!We hope you find your visit pleasant and unlike any other dental experience. New PatientCurrent Patient × Thanks for Reaching Out!Please fill out the form to the right and we will get back to you within 24 hours.