The Next Generation and Future of GE | General Electric Skip to main content Email Search News Press releases Company news and announcements. Access the latest press releases, media contacts, and press tools. GE Reports Stories from the world of GE. Discover how our people & technology are solving global issues, improving lives, and changing industries. Innovation Stories Business Performance Articles Voices Sign up today and get involved! Voices is a network for GE’s US supporters interested in the company’s impact in their communities and in issues that impact the company. Company news and stories. Explore the latest stories, news, downloads, and press tools. Investors GE company overview GE Company Overview. Presentation Stock Stock. Get the latest GE stock data. Events & reports Investor events and reports. Tune in or catch up on GE’s latest investor events and reports. IR Updates GE in the news. Read the latest GE financial news releases and stories. SEC filings SEC filings. Explore GE’s recent and historic SEC filings. Spin-off resources Spin-off resources. Stay up to date with the latest resources for the planned spin-offs. Annual report Annual Report. Access GE’s recent and historic Annual Reports and accompanying materials. Annual meeting Annual meeting Read GE’s 2022 Proxy Statement, vote your shares and access the 2022 Annual Meeting. Governance Governance. Learn about governance at GE, including the latest Proxy Statement and information about the GE Board of Directors. Shareholder services GE Shareholder Services. Access important shareholder information. Contact Contact us. Get in touch and stay informed. Investor Relations at GE. Learn how we’re delivering on our priorities. About us GE leadership Meet our executives. Accomplished leaders building GE’s legacy. History Over 125 years of innovation. Explore a timeline of GE technologies that have spurred transformation across the world. Diversity Building a world that works for everyone. At GE, we are committed to building a more diverse workforce and a more inclusive workplace. Energy Transition Advancing the future of energy. Our energy expertise spans from renewable wind energy to emission-reducing natural gas, as well as physical and digital solutions to modernize the grid connecting it all. ESG Environmental, Social and Governance at GE. A culture of integrity, compliance, safety, and respect for human rights, while reducing our environmental footprint. Home Continuous Improvement Our Priorities Our Innovation Our Culture Our Philanthropy Public Policy Reports Hub FAQs Frequently asked questions. Answers to popular and relevant inquiries. Contact us Questions and inquiries. Contact information for general inquiries and feedback. COVID-19 GE is supporting the fight against COVID-19. We’re continuing to do all we can to support our customers and employees during this unprecedented time. We’re deeply proud of GE employees around the world rising to the challenge. Building a world that works. Our technology, global network, and exceptional team is fueled by a mission—building a world that works. Careers (link is external) Search jobs (link is external) Explore careers at GE. Find yourself a world changing job. Working at GE (link is external) A career at GE is more than the work you do. Learn more about our culture, businesses, and life at GE. Inclusion & Diversity (link is external) GE's culture of inclusion. By embracing diverse teams and perspectives, we are better equipped to build a world that works. Join the team. At GE, we rise to the challenge of building a world that works. Explore a career with us. Businesses Additive (link is external) We're built to be your full-service additive partner. Offering a suite of products to help unlock the full potential of additive manufacturing. Aerospace (link is external) Advancing flight for future generations GE Aerospace is a world-leading provider of jet engines, components and systems for commercial and military aircraft with a global service network to support these offerings. Capital (link is external) Serving customers and markets aligned to GE’s businesses. We connect capital to infrastructure and deliver innovative financial solutions that help make the world work better. Electrification Software (link is external) Putting industrial data to work. Transforming how industry solves its toughest challenges by bringing simplicity, speed and scale to digital transformation. Power Powering forward. Creating the energy technologies of the future and improving the power networks that we depend on today. Gas Power (link is external) Steam Power (link is external) Nuclear (link is external) Power Conversion (link is external) Energy Consulting (link is external) Renewable Energy Wind, hydro, hybrid power, distributed by grid. Together with our customers, we’re proving that no one is ever limited to only affordable, reliable, or sustainable energy. Renewable Energy (link is external) Onshore Wind (link is external) Offshore Wind (link is external) Hydro (link is external) Hybrids (link is external) Grid Solutions (link is external) Research (link is external) Where research meets reality to propel GE and the world forward. GE's innovation engine where ideas become reality to create a better world and deliver differentiated tech across the company's industrial portfolio. Licensing Partnering to define the future of industries. Commercializing GE’s technology and IP to accelerate growth and achieve market differentiation. Inventing the future of industry. GE's dedicated team, leading technology, and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. News BACK News Press releases GE Reports Innovation Stories Business Performance Articles Voices Investors BACK Investors overview GE company overview Presentation Stock Events & reports IR Updates SEC filings Spin-off resources Annual report Annual meeting Governance Shareholder services Contact About us BACK About us GE leadership History Diversity Energy Transition ESG Home Continuous Improvement Our Priorities Our Innovation Our Culture Our Philanthropy Public Policy Reports Hub FAQs Contact us COVID-19 Careers BACK Careers Search jobs (link is external) Working at GE (link is external) Inclusion & Diversity (link is external) Businesses BACK Businesses Additive (link is external) Aerospace (link is external) Capital (link is external) Electrification Software (link is external) Power Gas Power (link is external) Steam Power (link is external) Nuclear (link is external) Power Conversion (link is external) Energy Consulting (link is external) Renewable Energy Renewable Energy (link is external) Onshore Wind (link is external) Offshore Wind (link is external) Hydro (link is external) Hybrids (link is external) Grid Solutions (link is external) Research (link is external) Licensing Email GE Email Search GE Email Search News Press releases Company news and announcements. Access the latest press releases, media contacts, and press tools. GE Reports Stories from the world of GE. Discover how our people & technology are solving global issues, improving lives, and changing industries. Innovation Stories Business Performance Articles Voices Sign up today and get involved! Voices is a network for GE’s US supporters interested in the company’s impact in their communities and in issues that impact the company. Company news and stories. Explore the latest stories, news, downloads, and press tools. Investors GE company overview GE Company Overview. Presentation Stock Stock. Get the latest GE stock data. Events & reports Investor events and reports. Tune in or catch up on GE’s latest investor events and reports. IR Updates GE in the news. Read the latest GE financial news releases and stories. SEC filings SEC filings. Explore GE’s recent and historic SEC filings. Spin-off resources Spin-off resources. Stay up to date with the latest resources for the planned spin-offs. Annual report Annual Report. Access GE’s recent and historic Annual Reports and accompanying materials. Annual meeting Annual meeting Read GE’s 2022 Proxy Statement, vote your shares and access the 2022 Annual Meeting. Governance Governance. Learn about governance at GE, including the latest Proxy Statement and information about the GE Board of Directors. Shareholder services GE Shareholder Services. Access important shareholder information. Contact Contact us. Get in touch and stay informed. Investor Relations at GE. Learn how we’re delivering on our priorities. About us GE leadership Meet our executives. Accomplished leaders building GE’s legacy. History Over 125 years of innovation. Explore a timeline of GE technologies that have spurred transformation across the world. Diversity Building a world that works for everyone. At GE, we are committed to building a more diverse workforce and a more inclusive workplace. Energy Transition Advancing the future of energy. Our energy expertise spans from renewable wind energy to emission-reducing natural gas, as well as physical and digital solutions to modernize the grid connecting it all. ESG Environmental, Social and Governance at GE. A culture of integrity, compliance, safety, and respect for human rights, while reducing our environmental footprint. Home Continuous Improvement Our Priorities Our Innovation Our Culture Our Philanthropy Public Policy Reports Hub FAQs Frequently asked questions. Answers to popular and relevant inquiries. Contact us Questions and inquiries. Contact information for general inquiries and feedback. COVID-19 GE is supporting the fight against COVID-19. We’re continuing to do all we can to support our customers and employees during this unprecedented time. We’re deeply proud of GE employees around the world rising to the challenge. Building a world that works. Our technology, global network, and exceptional team is fueled by a mission—building a world that works. Careers (link is external) Search jobs (link is external) Explore careers at GE. Find yourself a world changing job. Working at GE (link is external) A career at GE is more than the work you do. Learn more about our culture, businesses, and life at GE. Inclusion & Diversity (link is external) GE's culture of inclusion. By embracing diverse teams and perspectives, we are better equipped to build a world that works. Join the team. At GE, we rise to the challenge of building a world that works. Explore a career with us. Businesses Additive (link is external) We're built to be your full-service additive partner. Offering a suite of products to help unlock the full potential of additive manufacturing. Aerospace (link is external) Advancing flight for future generations GE Aerospace is a world-leading provider of jet engines, components and systems for commercial and military aircraft with a global service network to support these offerings. Capital (link is external) Serving customers and markets aligned to GE’s businesses. We connect capital to infrastructure and deliver innovative financial solutions that help make the world work better. Electrification Software (link is external) Putting industrial data to work. Transforming how industry solves its toughest challenges by bringing simplicity, speed and scale to digital transformation. Power Powering forward. Creating the energy technologies of the future and improving the power networks that we depend on today. Gas Power (link is external) Steam Power (link is external) Nuclear (link is external) Power Conversion (link is external) Energy Consulting (link is external) Renewable Energy Wind, hydro, hybrid power, distributed by grid. Together with our customers, we’re proving that no one is ever limited to only affordable, reliable, or sustainable energy. Renewable Energy (link is external) Onshore Wind (link is external) Offshore Wind (link is external) Hydro (link is external) Hybrids (link is external) Grid Solutions (link is external) Research (link is external) Where research meets reality to propel GE and the world forward. GE's innovation engine where ideas become reality to create a better world and deliver differentiated tech across the company's industrial portfolio. Licensing Partnering to define the future of industries. Commercializing GE’s technology and IP to accelerate growth and achieve market differentiation. Inventing the future of industry. GE's dedicated team, leading technology, and global reach and capabilities help the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. News BACK News Press releases GE Reports Innovation Stories Business Performance Articles Voices Investors BACK Investors overview GE company overview Presentation Stock Events & reports IR Updates SEC filings Spin-off resources Annual report Annual meeting Governance Shareholder services Contact About us BACK About us GE leadership History Diversity Energy Transition ESG Home Continuous Improvement Our Priorities Our Innovation Our Culture Our Philanthropy Public Policy Reports Hub FAQs Contact us COVID-19 Careers BACK Careers Search jobs (link is external) Working at GE (link is external) Inclusion & Diversity (link is external) Businesses BACK Businesses Additive (link is external) Aerospace (link is external) Capital (link is external) Electrification Software (link is external) Power Gas Power (link is external) Steam Power (link is external) Nuclear (link is external) Power Conversion (link is external) Energy Consulting (link is external) Renewable Energy Renewable Energy (link is external) Onshore Wind (link is external) Offshore Wind (link is external) Hydro (link is external) Hybrids (link is external) Grid Solutions (link is external) Research (link is external) Licensing Email GE Email Search GE Once, Now, Forever. Read our '23 annual report GE 2023 4th Quarter Earnings Learn more Empowering the next generation. Once, now, forever. WATCH NOW The future is our starting point Every day, we’re working to help move the world forward. Today, and for generations to come. Stay updated with GE Aerospace to learn how we’re changing the future of flight. Learn more WATCH NOW The Energy To Change The World Building on over 130 years of experience, we are leading a new era of energy - electrifying the world while simultaneously working to decarbonize it. learn more watch now The Future of GE Begins Now Stay up to date on GE's planned spin-offs with the latest resources. Learn more GE TodayAerospacePowerRenewable energyAll businesses... GE Today GE Board of Directors Approves Spin-Off of GE Vernova; GE Vernova and GE Aerospace to Launch April 2, 2024 performance Networking Skills: The Modern Grid Is a Cacophony of Data. GridOS Is Helping to Bring It into Perfect Harmony grid software H2 Oz: A Behind-the-Scenes Look at Australia’s Plans for the First Hydrogen-Capable Power Plant hydrogen GE Aerospace & GE Vernova Ratings and Form-10 performance Precious Power: As Poland Deploys New Offshore Wind, GE Vernova Is Helping It Reach Homes and Businesses electrification Talk of the Town: GE Vernova’s Agenda-Setting ‘Cutting Carbon’ Podcast Series Launches Season 9 Podcast GE Releases 2023 Annual Report and 10-K performance GE Releases Its 4Q’23 & Full Year 2023 Results and 2024 Guidance performance All the Pretty Workhorses: Giant Wind Farm Comes to New Mexico, Featuring GE Vernova’s 3.6-154 Turbines Wind energy GE Reports’ Top Stories of 2023 Year in Review VISIT THE NEWSROOM GE Aerospace We’ve been a driving force for flight for over 100 years. Visit GE Aerospace Aerospace Newsroom Future of Flight Rising to the challenge: GE Aerospace and Safran are conducting the CFM Rise* (Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines) Program *RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International, a 50/50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. ImpactCFM RISE* program will target more than 20 percent lower emissions Aerospace Spotlight Driving the Agenda: At an Eventful COP28, GE Leads the Charge on Multiple Climate Fronts COP28 Flight Path: A Look Back at GE Aerospace’s Progress to Reduce Emissions in 2023 Future of Flight Chasing the Contrails: GE Aerospace Teams Up with NASA and Boeing to Take a Closer Look at Emissions Future of Flight The Power and the Glory: GE Aerospace Delivers 3,000th GE90 Engine GE90 A Legendary Helicopter Engine Turns to Sustainable Aviation Fuel to Get Back in the Skies Future of Flight As Aviation Fans Head to Paris Air Show, a Survey of Industry Leaders Shows Broad Support for Sustainability Paris Air Show Building Momentum: Two Sustainable Aviation Fuel Leaders Speak on the State of SAF Future of Flight On the Congressional Record: GE Aerospace Testifies About Game-Changing Next-Gen Technology Development Future of Flight Passing of a Legend: Meyer ‘Mike’ Benzakein Helped Develop Some of GE Aerospace’s Most Successful Jet Engines engineers Aerospace Advocate: GE’s Darby Becker Takes the Helm at the Aero Club of Washington, the Oldest of Its Kind Aerospace VISIT THE NEWSROOM Join the team At GE Aerospace we invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely. If you have a passion for turning dreams into reality, we have a place for you. View Aerospace roles GE Power We’re focused on powering lives and the future of electricity. Visit GE Power Power Newsroom energy The road to zero: New York -power plant teams with GE on ‘Green Hydrogen’ demonstration project impactH2 in 2022? For one of New York’s 7F.05 gas turbines a blend of natural gas with 5% “green hydrogen” will become a reality Power Spotlight H2 Oz: A Behind-the-Scenes Look at Australia’s Plans for the First Hydrogen-Capable Power Plant hydrogen Precious Power: As Poland Deploys New Offshore Wind, GE Vernova Is Helping It Reach Homes and Businesses electrification Racing Toward Net Zero: How GE Vernova’s H-Class Turbines Are Helping Germany Transition from Coal to Gas, H2 energy transition No Silver Bullets: GE Vernova’s Great Britain Study Shows Net Zero Can Be Achieved If Government Acts Fast decarbonization Power Vault: GE’s New Quick-Start Power Plant in Germany Aims to Deliver a Reliable Grid energy transition Change Agent: How GE’s Dayna Johnson Advocates for Diversity in Engineering With Women Everywhere women in tech Powering Up: This Venerable Turbine Repair Shop in Singapore Is Preparing for the Global Stage Gas Turbines GE Vernova’s New Film Series Offers Powerful and Personal Look at 3 Countries Embracing the Energy Transition GE Vernova Norway Sea Power: New GE Film Shows How the Scandinavian Country Is Becoming a World Leader in Carbon Capture GE Vernova H2 Oz: A Behind-the-Scenes Look at Australia’s Plans for the First Hydrogen-Capable Power Plant GE Vernova VISIT THE NEWSROOM Join the team GE Power is a world energy leader providing equipment, solutions and services across the energy value chain from generation to consumption. We are developing the energy technologies of the future. Power your career today! View power roles GE Renewable Energy Everywhere we look we see the promise of renewable energy. Visit GE RENEWABLE ENERGY RENEWABLE ENERGY Newsroom Hybrid Energy Here comes the sun: GE Renewable Energy to build largest planned hybrid solar storage system in New York ImpactPairing energy storage with solar inverters will give New Yorkers more access to solar energy. Renewable Energy Spotlight Precious Power: As Poland Deploys New Offshore Wind, GE Vernova Is Helping It Reach Homes and Businesses electrification Designers Turn Recyclable Blade Tips Into Works of Art at GE Vernova’s COP28 Exhibit COP28 Powering Up: GE Vernova Opens New Headquarters in Cambridge, Massachusetts GE Vernova Racing Toward Net Zero: How GE Vernova’s H-Class Turbines Are Helping Germany Transition from Coal to Gas, H2 energy transition A 3X Ambition for GE at Climate Week NYC energy transition No Silver Bullets: GE Vernova’s Great Britain Study Shows Net Zero Can Be Achieved If Government Acts Fast decarbonization GE Vernova has Acquired Greenbird Integration Technology AS to Help Manage Tomorrow’s Power Grid future of energy GE Vernova’s New Film Series Offers Powerful and Personal Look at 3 Countries Embracing the Energy Transition GE Vernova A World of Good: Six GE Innovations That Are About to Change Everything Earth Day The Electrification Imperative: How GE Vernova Is Helping to Make the Grid Safer and More Reliable Grid VISIT THE NEWSROOM Join the team We take the earth's most abundant resources- the strength of the wind, the force of water, and the heat of the sun, and put them to work with breakthrough technology that unleashes their true possibilities. Explore opportunities with Renewable Energy. View open vacancies Our Businesses Research Where research meets reality to propel GE and the world forward. AdditiveWe're built to be your full-service additive partner. Licensing Partnering to define the future of industries. Capital Serving customers and markets aligned to GE’s businesses. Electrification Software Putting industrial data to work. Contact us Cookies (link is external) Investor contacts Privacy Terms Site map Accessibility Pay transparency Fraud alert UK modern slavery act statement California transparency in supply chain Integrity at GE Transparency in Coverage Rule © 2024 General Electric © 2024 General Electric