General news | Hosted Skip to main content NewsPoliticsEntertainmentSportsTechnology Top General News Coast-to-coast Super Tuesday contests poised to move Biden and Trump closer to November rematch Mar. 05, 2024 10:07 AM EST WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden and former President Donald Trump are poised to move much closer to winning their party's nominations during the biggest day of the primary campaign on Tuesday, setting up a historic rematch that many voters would rather not endure. Super... Gaza cease-fire talks have ended without a breakthrough with Ramadan days away, Egypt says. Mar. 05, 2024 11:01 AM EST CAIRO (AP) — Three days of negotiations with Hamas over a cease-fire in Gaza and the release of Israeli hostages ended Tuesday without a breakthrough, Egyptian officials said, less than a week before the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, the informal deadline for a deal. ... What you should know from the opening of China's legislature Mar. 05, 2024 01:55 AM EST BEIJING (AP) — China's Premier Li Qiang promoted an image of confidence as he announced modest economic growth goals for the world's second largest economy, at one of the country's most important political gatherings. Li addressed a few thousand delegates of the country's... Gangs in Haiti try to seize control of main airport in newest attack on key government sites Mar. 04, 2024 23:27 PM EST PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (AP) — Heavily armed gangs tried to seize control of Haiti’s main international airport on Monday, exchanging gunfire with police and soldiers in the latest attack on key government sites in an explosion of violence that includes a mass escape from the country’s two... McConnell weighs endorsing Trump. It's a stark turnaround after the Jan. 6, 2021, attack Mar. 05, 2024 00:23 AM EST WASHINGTON (AP) — Senate leader Mitch McConnell is the highest-ranking Republican in Congress who has yet to endorse Donald Trump's bid to return to the White House — having once called the defeated president “morally responsible" for the Jan. 6, 2021 Capitol attack. But... Ukraine claims it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones Mar. 05, 2024 10:11 AM EST KYIV, Ukraine (AP) — Ukraine claimed Tuesday it has sunk another Russian warship in the Black Sea using high-tech sea drones as Kyiv’s forces continue to take aim at targets deep behind the war’s front line. Russian authorities did not confirm the claim. The Ukrainian military... Alabama lawmakers aim to approve immunity laws for IVF providers Mar. 05, 2024 05:58 AM EST MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama lawmakers, who face public pressure to get in vitro fertilization services restarted, are nearing approval of immunity legislation to shield providers from the fall out of a court ruling that equated frozen embryos to children. Committees in the... Supreme Court temporarily blocks Texas law that allows police to arrest migrants Mar. 04, 2024 21:24 PM EST AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Texas’ plans to arrest migrants who enter the U.S. illegally and order them to leave the country is headed to the Supreme Court in a legal showdown over the federal government’s authority over immigration. An order issued Monday by Justice Samuel Alito puts... Regulator would cap credit card late fees at $8, part of Biden's campaign against junk fees Mar. 05, 2024 09:52 AM EST NEW YORK (AP) — The Biden administration announced a rule Tuesday to cap all credit card late fees, the latest effort in the White House push to end what it has called junk fees and a move that regulators say will save Americans up to $10 billion a year. The Consumer Financial... Nashville cleared the runway for an emergency. Pilot said 'I'm too far away' Mar. 05, 2024 10:25 AM EST NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The pilot of a single-engine plane that crashed near downtown Nashville told air traffic controllers he could see the runway they were clearing for an emergency landing. But he said they couldn’t make it. “I’m going to be landing -- I don’t know... Latest General News West Virginia bus driver charged with DUI after crash sends multiple children to the hospital Mar. 05, 2024 11:11 AM EST CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — A West Virginia bus driver was arrested Monday for driving under the influence after a crash that sent multiple injured students to the hospital, state police said. Jeffrey Brannon, 54, was charged with multiple counts of driving while intoxicated and... Edward Bond, a playwright who shocked the stage world with 'Saved,' dies at 89 Mar. 05, 2024 11:11 AM EST LONDON (AP) — Edward Bond, a playwright who shocked the British theater world with his explosive 1965 drama “Saved,” has died, his agent said Tuesday. He was 89. Bond’s literary agency, Casarotto Ramsay and Associates, said that he died on Sunday. No cause of death was given.... El Salvador's former leftist strongholds contemplate party's demise Mar. 05, 2024 11:11 AM EST SAN JOSÉ LAS FLORES, El Salvador (AP) — Nestled in the mountains of northern El Salvador, near the Honduras border, San José Las Flores has been a bastion of leftist resistance for decades. Now its residents, many veterans of the country’s civil war, fret over the seemingly... The Latest | At least 17 killed in an Israeli airstrike in southern Gaza Mar. 05, 2024 11:06 AM EST An Israeli airstrike killed at least 17 people in the southern Gaza city of Khan Younis on Tuesday, Palestinian officials said, as talks on a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas ended without a breakthrough. First responders with Gaza's Civil Defense department circulated footage of... As threat to IVF looms in Alabama, patients over 35 or with serious diseases worry for their futures Mar. 05, 2024 11:04 AM EST Thirty-seven-year-old Corinn O’Brien is about two months pregnant through in vitro fertilization, but an ultrasound recently showed the fetus might be in trouble, and she wants the option to try again if she needs to. Cancer survivor Kailani Greenwood, due to give birth in spring... Dodge muscle cars live on with new versions of the Charger powered by electricity or gasoline Mar. 05, 2024 11:04 AM EST DETROIT (AP) — America's muscle car culture will live on as the country transitions to electric vehicles, but the gas-powered performance car will last for at least a few more years. Dodge on Tuesday unveiled two battery-powered versions of the Charger muscle car that will still... Miami Beach is breaking up with spring break — or at least trying to Mar. 05, 2024 11:03 AM EST MIAMI BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Miami Beach is trying to break up with spring break, but it's not yet clear whether spring break will take the hint. After three consecutive years of spring break violence, Miami Beach officials are implementing monthlong security measures aimed at curbing... Explosive fire at site used by vape suppliers kills 1 outside Detroit, sends debris a mile away Mar. 05, 2024 11:02 AM EST CLINTON TOWNSHIP, Mich. (AP) — A fire that destroyed a building which housed suppliers for the vaping industry caused multiple explosions that killed one person and injured a firefighter as the blasts rocked suburban Detroit, sending gas cannisters and debris shooting far into the air,... Labor victory for Dartmouth basketball players only start of path to a union deal Mar. 05, 2024 11:02 AM EST A ruling that gives the Dartmouth basketball team the right to unionize has far-reaching implications for all of college sports — from the quaint, academically oriented Ivy League to the big-money football factories like Michigan and Alabama. But it’s not time to cut down the... Gaza cease-fire talks have ended without a breakthrough with Ramadan days away, Egypt says. Mar. 05, 2024 11:01 AM EST CAIRO (AP) — Three days of negotiations with Hamas over a cease-fire in Gaza and the release of Israeli hostages ended Tuesday without a breakthrough, Egyptian officials said, less than a week before the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, the informal deadline for a deal. ... LOADING MORE STORIES ©2022 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. Terms under which this site is provided. Learn more about our Privacy Policy.