Education.com | #1 Educational Site for Pre-K to 8th Grade Loading... Choose an Account to Log In Log in with different email For more assistance contact customer service Try Premium Log In Sign Up Notifications Delete all Did you receive a login code from your child's teacher? Click here to get started. Have a login code? Click here. Discover a limitless world of learning Review important concepts and explore new topics—the options are endless with Education.com! Join for free today and browse 36,000+ worksheets, games, lesson plans and more. Get started now Our learning library With 36,000+ digital and printable resources, kids can learn about any topic they’re curious about. Browse the library Lesson Plans Our ready-made lesson plans make it easy for classroom educators and homeschoolers to provide meaningful instruction to students. Get my plan Worksheets What does your student want to learn? We’ve got a worksheet for that! Our printables are a fun and easy way to learn about multiplication, sight words, animal life cycles, and much more! Explore and print Games We’ve got educational games galore: Sharpen math skills with Addition Pizza Party, learn letters with Alphabet Cloud Catcher, and transform study time into an adventure every day! Dive right in Activities Get hands-on with learning! Our expert-designed activities bring hundreds of topics to life through science experiments, engaging writing prompts, creative art projects, and more. Explore now Give their boundless potential unlimited access Unlock special features and access to everything Education.com offers with a Premium membership. Progress Tracker Share in all of your learner’s triumphs, from little "Aha!" moments to milestone achievements Guided Lessons Follow our carefully designed sequence of fun games to practice and perfect 800+ key skills. Give premium a try Join the Education.com community! 44 million parents, teachers, and students served Used in 20 countries across 6 continents Library with 36,000 educational resources I love that it shows me the areas my child needs to improve on and directs me to resources to work with him on. It's easy to understand and navigate to each area I need to go. Sarah H. Premium Parent Baraboo, WI Education.com has multiple resources organized for any learning tool you might need as a teacher, parent, and student, and I love the ability to be able to sort by grade, subject, enrichment, or type! Amy Jo Meiners 2016 Alaska Teacher of the Year Read more Our Solution for Schools, Districts, and Organizations Our easy-to-use, comprehensive, and secure supplemental digital learning program empowers administrators and teachers to help PreK-8 students build essential skills and excel in math and reading. Explore now Ready to join? Get started now We enable strictly necessary cookies to give you the best possible experience on Education.com.Cookie Policy Enable Performance Cookies Add to collection Create new collection Create new collection Collection name Save Cancel New Collection 0 New Collection> 0 items Sign up to start collecting! Bookmark this to easily find it later. Then send your curated collection to your children, or put together your own custom lesson plan. Sign up Log in Educational Tools Learning Library Worksheets Games Interactive Worksheets Worksheet Generator Lesson Plans Common Core Resources Guided Lessons Progress Tracker Support Help center Pricing Education.com For Schools Get a Quote Give Gift Redeem Gift Contact Us Disable Cookies Disable Cookies Warning - you are about to disable cookies. If you decide to create an account with us in the future, you will need to enable cookies before doing so. Opt Out Connect Blog Tell us what you think About Company Careers Press Reviews Privacy Policy COPPA Privacy Policy Terms of Service IXL Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning Rosetta Stone Immersive learning for 25 languages Wyzant Trusted tutors for 300 subjects Vocabulary.com Adaptive learning for English vocabulary ABCya Fun educational games for kids SpanishDictionary.com Spanish-English dictionary, translator, and learning Emmersion Fast and accurate language certification TPT Marketplace for millions of educator-created resources Copyright © 2024 Education.com, Inc, a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.