Chess News | ChessBase Shop Home OPENINGS A-Z Support CB Magazine Support-Center Download Newsletter tutorials Learn chess Home OPENINGS A-Z CB Magazine Support Support-Center Newsletter tutorials Learn chess Toggle navigation Home OPENINGS A-Z CB Magazine Support-Center Download Newsletter tutorials Learn chess Login PLAYCHESS TACTICS VIDEO FRITZ LIVE DATABASE MYGAMES PLAYERS STUDIES SHOP Chess News SHOP Search: Language: Search: Language: DE EN ES FR Language: SHOP english deutsch espanol française Djerba Chess Festival: Open tournaments and side events 3/5/2024 – The Djerba Chess Festival was not all about the Masters tournament, as a number of open tournaments and side events took place concurrently. Chokri Saidi, the festival’s organiser, noted: “I am a businessman, but nothing gives me greater pleasure than seeing children and players from all over the region and from further abroad giving all their being into a game of chess”. | Pictured: Arezki Bouhini from Algeria | All photos by Diana Mihajlova More... ChessBase 17 - Mega package - Edition 2024 It is the program of choice for anyone who loves the game and wants to know more about it. Start your personal success story with ChessBase and enjoy the game even more. More... ChessBase 17 - Mega package - Edition 2024 It is the program of choice for anyone who loves the game and wants to know more about it. Start your personal success story with ChessBase and enjoy the game even more. More... Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > 8 million games online! Updated weekly, our definitive database has all the latest games. With Live Book and Let’s Check! Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > My Games – Access your games from everywhere. Store your games, training material and opening repertoire in the cloud. Annotate, analyze and share. Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > Sac, sac, mate! Solve tactical positions of your playing strength. Boost your calculation skills. Enjoy adrenalin rush with tactic fights! Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > Thousands of hours of high class video training. Openings, Middlegame, Endgame Lessons. Top authors like Daniel King, Lawrence Trent and Rustam Kasimdzhanov Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > Real Fun against a Chess Program! Play, analyze and train online against Fritz. Beginner, club and master levels. Assisted play and calculation training. Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > Learn openings the right way! Build and maintain your repertoire. Memorize it easily move by move by playing against the variation trainer. Still no ChessBase Account? learn more > The ultimate chess experience every day, PlayChess.com welcomes 20,000 chess players from all around the world – from beginner to grandmaster. ONLINE SHOP News Fritz 19 Attacker, coward, swindler or endgame wizard €89.90 Prague Chess Festival - Live! 3/5/2024 – The Prague Chess Festival is taking place from February 27 to March 7 at the Don Giovanni Hotel in the Czech capital. The Masters and the Challengers tournaments are the main events, each a 10-player single round-robin with a classical time control. | Follow the games live with computer-assisted analysis starting at 15.00 CET (9.00 ET, 19.30 IST) | Photo: Mark Livshitz More... 14 New: CBM #218 - incl. ChessBase book for iPad, Tablet & Co! 3/5/2024 – The new issue of ChessBase Magazine offers complete mobile access again in ChessBase book format - all analyses, repertoire articles, videos and training exercises can be loaded directly via your web browser! Alexey Kuzmin's article on the Bukavshin Variation in the Catalan Opening (1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nf3 Nf6 4.g3 Be7 5.Bg2 0-0 6.0-0 dxc4 7.Qc2 b6!?.) is available as a free sample this week. Take a look and get to know a fresh side line for Black! More... 2 Chess Ladies Graz 3/5/2024 – In memory of the Austrian WGM Eva Moser, who died so young, a women's GM tournament was organised in Graz. The French player Deimante Daulyte-Cornette won the tournament with a victory in the final round of the "Chess Ladies Graz". | Photos: Tournament page More... 1 The right exchange 3/5/2024 – Knowing when to exchange and when not to exchange is often crucial in endgames. In the diagram position it is White to move - should he exchange rooks on c3 or should he not? More... Comments 2 3 Prague: Keymer traps Vidit’s queen, Pragg beats Abdusattorov 3/5/2024 – An exciting sixth round at the Masters tournament in Prague saw Praggnanandhaa taking down frontrunner Nodirbek Abdusattorov — who remains as the sole leader despite the loss. Parham Maghsoodloo, who entered the round in sole second place, was defeated by Thai Dai Van Nguyen, while Vincent Keymer beat Vidit Gujrathi and Mateusz Bartel got the better of Gukesh. In the Challengers, Ediz Gurel is now the sole leader, as Anton Korobov, who was sharing first place before round 6, was defeated by Maxim Rodshtein. | Photo: Mark Livshitz More... 4 Shenzhen Masters, Round 4: Bu, Yu and Erigaisi lead 3/4/2024 – After four rounds of the Shenzhen Masters, a trio of players - Bu, Yu and Erigaisi - are leading the table. Bu defeated Anish Giri with the white pieces. After a good start, things are not going well for the Dutchman. | Photos: Liang Ziming (Organiser) More... 3 Karel Janecek Open in Prague: IM Xiang Zeyu leads with 5.0/5 3/4/2024 – The Karel Janecek Open, which takes place as part of the Prague Chess Festival, features a number of grandmasters, but after five of nine rounds an IM is in the lead with 5 out of 5: Xiang Zeyu from China. Eight players follow half a point behind with 4.5 out of 5 each. Four of these eight players are Grandmasters, four are International Masters. | Foto: Petr Vrabec More... 2 Fritz 19 & Fritz Powerbook 2024 Bundle! 3/4/2024 – The ultimate chess companion bundle: Fritz 19 paired with the Fritz Powerbook 2024. Elevate your game with Fritz 19's advanced AI and deep analysis tools that challenge and teach players of all skill levels. Then, take your strategy to the next level with the Fritz Powerbook 2024, offering over 25 million openings, variations, and patterns derived from real-world games and top-level matches. Together, they provide an unparalleled chess training experience, combining tactical depth with a vast knowledge base to sharpen your skills and strategies like never before. This bundle is now €139.90 instead of €179.90! More... 1 Grivas: Underdeveloped Battery (2) 3/4/2024 – A battery is a formation that consists of two or more pieces on the same rank, file, or diagonal. In a more detailed way, a battery refers to a configuration of heavy pieces (rooks or queens) that occupy the same file. It can also refer to long-range pieces (queens and bishops) that occupy the same diagonal. Learn more about the strength of the chess battery in part two of a mini-series by chess trainer Efstratios Grivas. More... 1 Candidates Tournament: Visa trouble 3/4/2024 – Four weeks before the start of the Candidates Tournament in Toronto, almost all the participants and their travelling companions are still waiting for the visas they applied for months ago to be issued. FIDE has now sent an "urgent visa appeal to the Canadian government" and is even considering moving the "most prestigious tournament in the chess world" to another country. | Photo: Lennart Ootes More... 2 Jon Speelman: Charge of the chestnuts! 3/3/2024 – A fortnight ago, I showed a game by Lu Miaoyi, a ferocious 14-year-old Chinese girl. This started me thinking about the best attacking players of all time. I don’t have an ordered list myself, just some names which I think should go very close to the top. Here I analysed three brilliant attacking wins by Rashid Nezhmetdinov (pictured), Paul Keres and Wei Yi. What is your top ten of attacking players? Share your list in the comments section. More... Comments 3 4 Djerba Masters: Dardha edges Niemann on tiebreaks to win event 3/3/2024 – The Djerba Masters was an 8-player single round-robin featuring a mix of rising stars and experienced grandmasters. In the end, Daniel Dardha and Hans Niemann tied for first place with 4½ points each. Dardha was declared tournament winner thanks to his better tiebreak score. World junior champion Marc’Andria Maurizzi tied for third place with fan favourite Vasyl Ivanchuk. | All photos by Diana Mihajlova More... 1 News Fritz 19 Attacker, coward, swindler or endgame wizard €89.90 Fritz 19 & Fritz Powerbook 2024 Attacker, coward, swindler or endgame wizard €179.80 €139.90 ChessBase Magazine 218 Tata Steel 2024 with analyses by Wei Yi, Firouzja, Giri, Pragg, Vidit and many more. Opening videos by Jan Werle, Daniel King and Mihail Marin. 11 repertoire articles from Alekhine to the King's Indian and much more. €21.90 A Repertoire against the Queen's Gambit Declined with 4.Bg5 This repertoire provides White with ideas against any of the Black options after the moves 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3. €36.90 Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbook 2024 Most of the material which the Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbook 2024 is based on comes from 795,000 games from the engine room of Schach.de. In addition to this impressive number, there are 55,000 games from the Mega Database and from correspondence ches €9.90 Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbase 2024 The Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbase 2024 is a database which contains a total of 10533 games from Mega 2024 or Correspondence Database 2024, 1134 of which are annotated. €9.90 Improve your pieces - a winning system you need to know In this course, we will learn how to identify passively placed pieces in any given situation and how to improve their health by bringing them into active squares. €39.90 Calculation Training - Sharpen Your Game! In Calculation Training – Sharpen Your Game! a total of 73 examples have been selected, the vast majority containing multiple questions, and more than 160 questions of varying difficulty. €34.90 Fritztrainer in App Store for iPads and iPhones PARTNER Advertising Books, boards, sets: Chess Niggemann Books, boards, sets: Chess Niggemann Understanding before Moving 167: Chess history in a nutshell (48) 3/3/2024 – Herman Grooten is an International Master, a renowned trainer and the author of several highly acclaimed books on chess training and strategy. In the 167th episode of his ChessBase show "Understanding before moving" Herman continues his series "Chess history in a nutshell" and continues to look at the legacy of Mikhail Tal. | Photo: Pascal Simon More... 1 Grivas: Underdeveloped Battery 3/3/2024 – Do you need special batteries to play chess? No, a battery in chess refers to piece formation! A battery is a formation that consists of two or more pieces on the same rank, file, or diagonal. In a more detailed way, a battery refers to a configuration of heavy pieces (rooks or queens) that occupy the same file. It can also refer to long-range pieces (queens and bishops) that occupy the same diagonal. Learn more about the strength of the chess battery from chess trainer Efstratios Grivas. More... 2 Prague: Abdusattorov sole leader, Pragg beats Vidit 3/3/2024 – A smooth victory over Mateusz Bartel allowed Nodirbek Abdusattorov to become the sole leader of the Masters section in the Prague Chess Festival. Praggnanandhaa R and David Navara also scored full points in an eventful fifth round, the last one before the rest day. In the Challengers, Anton Korobov and Ediz Gurel continue to be the co-leaders, as both players obtained victories on Saturday. | Photo: Petr Vrabec More... 3 Shenzhen Masters, Round 3: Yu leads, Arjun beats Giri 3/2/2024 – Two games ended decisively in round 3 of the strong Shenzhen Masters. Yu Yangyi became the sole leader by beating Vladislav Artemiev with the white pieces. Arjun Erigaisi (pictured), meanwhile, bounced back from his loss against Bu Xiangzhi with a fine victory over Anish Giri. | Photo: Liang Ziming More... 1 Jan Henric Buettner’s plans for the future 3/2/2024 – The Freestyle Chess Tournament in Weissenhaus generated a great deal of interest in the chess world. Perhaps we got to see the chess of the future. Given the success of the event, Jan Henric Buettner announced that he plans to continue supporting the royal game. The entrepreneur is now planning a Freestyle Chess Grand Slam. And he wants to sponsor Vincent Keymer and other talented players on their way to the top. | Photos: Freestyle Chess / Weissenhaus Resort More... 1 Fork in sight! 3/2/2024 – In the diagram position the double attack 38.Qg4! leads to a win for White, since the counterattack 38...Qe3 runs into ... but you can show that yourself in a moment! More... Comments 2 12345...Next News Fritz 19 Attacker, coward, swindler or endgame wizard €89.90 Fritz 19 & Fritz Powerbook 2024 Attacker, coward, swindler or endgame wizard €179.80 €139.90 ChessBase Magazine 218 Tata Steel 2024 with analyses by Wei Yi, Firouzja, Giri, Pragg, Vidit and many more. Opening videos by Jan Werle, Daniel King and Mihail Marin. 11 repertoire articles from Alekhine to the King's Indian and much more. €21.90 A Repertoire against the Queen's Gambit Declined with 4.Bg5 This repertoire provides White with ideas against any of the Black options after the moves 1.d4 d5 2.c4 e6 3.Nc3. €36.90 Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbook 2024 Most of the material which the Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbook 2024 is based on comes from 795,000 games from the engine room of Schach.de. In addition to this impressive number, there are 55,000 games from the Mega Database and from correspondence ches €9.90 Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbase 2024 The Queen's Gambit Declined Powerbase 2024 is a database which contains a total of 10533 games from Mega 2024 or Correspondence Database 2024, 1134 of which are annotated. €9.90 Improve your pieces - a winning system you need to know In this course, we will learn how to identify passively placed pieces in any given situation and how to improve their health by bringing them into active squares. €39.90 Calculation Training - Sharpen Your Game! In Calculation Training – Sharpen Your Game! a total of 73 examples have been selected, the vast majority containing multiple questions, and more than 160 questions of varying difficulty. €34.90 Privacy policy | Imprint | Contact | licenses | Home © 2017 ChessBase GmbH | Osterbekstraße 90a | 22083 Hamburg | Germany coldest news We use cookies and comparable technologies to provide certain functions, to improve the user experience and to offer interest-oriented content. Depending on their intended use, analysis cookies and marketing cookies may be used in addition to technically required cookies. Here you can make detailed settings or revoke your consent (if necessary partially) with effect for the future. Further information can be found in our data protection declaration. Agree and continue Pop-up for detailed settings We use cookies and comparable technologies to provide certain functions, to improve the user experience and to offer interest-oriented content. Depending on their intended use, cookies may be used in addition to technically required cookies, analysis cookies and marketing cookies. You can decide which cookies to use by selecting the appropriate options below. Please note that your selection may affect the functionality of the service. Further information can be found in our privacy policy. Technically required cookies Technically required cookies: so that you can navigate and use the basic functions and store preferences. Analysis Cookies To help us determine how visitors interact with our website to improve the user experience. Marketing-Cookies To help us offer and evaluate relevant content and interesting and appropriate advertisement. Save and continue