Climbing Magazine | Bouldering, Trad, Alpine, and Sport Climbing Outside Watch Learn Podcasts Maps Events Shop BuySell Outside+ Join Now Sign In Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Outside Watch Premium Films and Live TV Campfire Outside Learn Expand your Skills with Online Courses Podcasts The Outside Podcast Maps Get the Free Gaia GPS App Get the Free Trailforks App Events Find Your Event BuySell Buy & Sell Gear Outside+ See Membership Programs Shop Discover Outdoor Products Advocacy Find Your Good Become a Member Get access to more than 30 brands, premium video, exclusive content, events, mapping, and more. Join Outside+ Already have an account? Sign In Brands Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside.io Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Pinkbike Roll Massif Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News Cairn FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Books VeloSwap Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Watch Ski Warren Miller Entertainment Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Endurance Beta Roll Massif Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Idea NASTAR Outside Shop VeloPress VeloSwap 2-FOR-1 GA TICKETS WITH OUTSIDE+ Don’t miss Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more at the Outside Festival. GET TICKETS NOW TICKETS NOW ON SALE! Outside Festival feat. Thundercat, Fleet Foxes, and more. GET EARLY-BIRD DEALS Search Home Skills Belaying Rappelling Technique Sport Climbing Trad Climbing Bouldering Nutrition Training News Competitions First Ascents Accidents Blogs Unbelayvable Gear Climbing Shoes Belay Devices Carabiners Harnesses Climbing Ropes Crash Pads Places Yosemite Red River Gorge Smith Rock Boulder Red Rock Indian Creek Joshua Tree The Gunks People Chris Sharma Adam Ondra Sasha Digiulian Alex Puccio Tommy Caldwell Kevin Jorgeson Pics Bouldering Sport Climbing Trad Climbing Alpine Climbing Ice Climbing Videos Bouldering Sport Climbing Trad Climbing Alpine Climbing Ice Climbing Gym Climbing Training Technique Gear Injury Prevention Gym News Community Community Magazine Climbing Outside Feed Skills News Gear Places People Pics Videos Gym Climbing Community Magazine Climbing Outside Feed Skills News Gear Places People Pics Videos Gym Climbing Community Magazine Join Now Sign In Climbing Can’t Be Racist… Right? Not everyone has a smooth entry point into climbing, and not everyone starts in a friendly, supportive community. Let’s change that. Devin Dabney Please Don’t Unclip and Downclimb After Missing a Rappel Anchor Teddy Dondanville Weekend Whipper: Committed Climber Can’t Reverse His Course. Big Fall Ensues. Climbing Staff Daniel Woods Just Made His Hardest First Ascent in Years Owen Clarke How to Watch The National Team Trials and Paraclimbing National Championships The Editors Editor's Picks How Climbing Gyms Lost Their Soul Brette Harrington’s Love Affair with the Chinese Puzzle Wall Editor's Picks How Ukrainian Climbers Traded Mountains For War The Free Soloist Who Fell to Earth Latest Skills 10 Things You Didn’t Know about Dynos The first dyno? The longest dyno? A system for grading dynos? Matt Samet Published Feb 29, 2024 Training 10 Easy Ways to Stretch and Strengthen Your Wrists Don't wait until they start to ache. Gina Tomaine Published Feb 27, 2024 People Why Pets Don’t Belong at the Crag—Ever It’s easy to think that we can look after our pets’ needs at the cliff, but, in reality, we can’t. James Lucas Published Feb 26, 2024 Places Is Canada’s Hummingbird Ridge the Hardest “Classic” Climb? Nearly 60 years after its first ascent—and 45 since its inclusion in “Fifty Classic Climbs of North America—the Hummingbird Ridge remains as fearsome as ever. Bruce Hildenbrand Updated Feb 27, 2024 Videos Weekend Whipper: Why (Sometimes) You Should Run It Out Above Sharp Roofs The climber would have knocked his teeth into the roof had he placed a cam a bit higher. Climbing Staff Published Feb 23, 2024 News Interview: ‘Riders on the Storm’ in Patagonia Finally Freed After 30 Years! The 1,300-meter behemoth was freed over 18 stormy days. Over a meter of snow fell on their portaledge camp, and winds exceeded 80 miles per hour. Anthony Walsh Updated Feb 23, 2024 Technique 10 Essential Yoga Poses for Climbers Whether you're prepping for or recovering from a climb, this practice will bring much-needed focus and release Malka Abreu Published Feb 22, 2024 News Will Bosi Gets Second Ascent of ‘Return of the Sleepwalker’—Confirms V17 Bosi, who has now climbed three V17 boulders, considers ‘Return of the Sleepwalker’ harder than ‘Alphane’ but easier than ‘Burden of Dreams’ Steven Potter Published Feb 21, 2024 News Adam Ondra Repeats ‘Bon Voyage’, Confirms World’s Hardest Trad Grade Ondra has now climbed the hardest grade in every climbing discipline except bouldering (he has yet to do a V17). Owen Clarke Updated Feb 21, 2024 Places The Top 8 Family-Friendly Climbing Areas in the U.S. These destinations check all of the important boxes, offering short approaches, a high density of routes at various grades, a flat staging area, zero to minimal rockfall, and overall safe climbing terrain. Matt Samet Published Feb 20, 2024 See All Training The Training Bible: A Complete One-Year Training Plan This eight-phase (12-month) training series will present specific workouts based on the principles of periodization. Each six-week segment will build upon the previous one. Editors’ Picks The Secret to Training Endurance? Ditch the Rope. 5 Training Myths That Are Probably Hurting You Are Most Climbers Getting Fingerboard Training Wrong? (Part 1) View More Technique Moving Fast Means Climbing More: Alex Honnold’s Favorite Efficiency Tricks Honnold is famous for (among other things) cramming as much climbing as he can into each day. To do so, he's developed some efficiency tricks that the rest of us can imitate. Editors’ Picks 7 Tricks for Speedy Swaps at Multi-pitch Belays The Power in a “PSATTTTTTTT!” The Three Things I Wish I’d Been Told as a Beginning Climber View More Longreads Ripcord: A Story of Fame, Love, and Tragedy The void swallowed him alive, his streaking form more easily imagined than described. The air froze in my chest. Editors’ Picks A Remembrance of My Favorite Crag Dog How Ukrainian Climbers Traded Mountains For War Guidebooks Are Still a Problem Weekend Whippers Weekend Whipper: Ice Soloist Lets Go of Both Axes and Decks. (He Lives.) There are two miracles in this week's whipper: 1) He survived. 2) He caught the fall on video. Editors’ Picks Weekend Whipper: Falling Ice Causes Upside-Down Gear Ripper Weekend Whipper: Elvis Leg + Indecision = Upside-Down Ground Fall Our Top 10 Weekend Whippers of 2021, From Harrowing to Hilarious View More Gear How To Choose, Fit, And Break In Rock Shoes Stop wasting your money on shoes that don't fit or are painful or fail you. Don't be disappointed again. Here's how to buy what' just right, just for you. Editors’ Picks Resoling and Shoe-Care 101 Want Your Cams to Last Forever? Here’s How How to Choose the Perfect All-Around Rock Shoe for You View More People What Ever Happened to Mason Earle? When one of the world’s best crack climbers was grounded by chronic fatigue syndrome, his life became an uphill struggle just to feel human again. Editors’ Picks My Dinner With Anderl Heckmair—Leader of Eiger North Face FA Are You a “Crag Boss”—and if So, Which Type? The First Woman to Send 5.14b, 5.14c, and 5.14d/15a No Longer Feels the Need to Climb View More Outside Apps Gaia GPS Get off the beaten path, and stay found. Download Trailforks Discover the best trails in the world. Download Outside TV Unlock 600+ hours of ad-free films and series. Download Outside Unlock 15+ outdoor publications all in one app. Download Our Most Popular Article They Climbed On a Home Depot Rope—Thought A Real Rope Was Too Expensive They figured they knew enough about climbing to wing it, but took a dangerous risk that could have cost them. Kevin Corrigan Published Mar 5, 2024 During my senior year of high school, my friends and I were bored. We decided we collectively knew enough about climbing for it to be safe. We went to the local outfitter and bought harnesses, carabiners, and belay devices, but we scoffed at the price of a rope. It was way outside our budget. Instead, we went to Home Depot and bought 100 feet of poly cord that was rated for 200 pounds. We climbed on that rope all day, just easy 5.3 climbing on toprope. I’ve included a couple photos. It wasn’t until I was lowering at the end of the day that I realized what a mistake I’d made. The 100-foot rope had stretched to about 200 feet, shrinking to the size of 8mm cord. I bought a real climbing rope the following week. Wanted to share because we are all new at some point and even with the best intentions mistakes are made. We should collectively work together to improve safety across the sport. I wish someone would have stopped us from climbing on that poly rope. —Kyle Harris, via email — LESSON: Modern climbing ropes include a number of climber-friendly features. They can hold thousands of pounds of force. They have durable sheaths that prevent abrasion and cutting. They have the ideal amount of stretch to catch a fall softly, and then bounce back to their original length and diameter. They’re supple and easy to tie and untie. They’re tested to meet rigorous safety standards. And they work great with modern belay devices. A random hardware store rope is not designed with any of these goals in mind, and can’t be expected to meet them. Always use proper climbing gear designed and rated for climbing. Want more? Check out more installments in our ever-growing hall of shame: Lucky He Didn’t Die. Lowered From a Toy Carabiner Continue Reading Outside+ Join Outside+ to get access to exclusive content, thousands of training plans, and more. Learn More Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Careers Terms of Use Licensing & Accolades Subscribe to Newsletters from Climbing Site Map Digital Archives Manage Cookie Preferences Privacy Request Healthy Living Clean Eating Oxygen Vegetarian Times Yoga Journal Outdoor Backpacker Climbing Fly Fishing Film Tour Gaia GPS National Park Trips Outside Outside TV SKI Warren Miller Endurance Beta MTB Fastest Known Time Pinkbike Trailforks Trail Runner Triathlete Velo Women's Running Industry athleteReg Bicycle Retailer & Industry News FinisherPix Nastar Outside Events Cycling Series Outside Shop © 2024 Outside Interactive, Inc