Department of Computer Science – Department of Computer Science | ETH Zurich Press Enter to activate screen reader mode. Homepage Navigation Search Content Footer Contact Sitemap Department of Computer Science Main Navigation Menu Homepage News and Events Department People Research Studies Doctorate Continuing Education Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet Contact lock Login Search search en en de Departments ETH Zurich chevron_right D-INFK Language Selection en English Deutsch Main content TALKS & EVENTS More talks and events SPOTLIGHT STORIES “Challenges offer opportunities for personal development.” Georgette Weingärtner was always enthusiastic about computer science. But at ETH she was confronted by situations involving a multitude of challenges. In the video she tells us what helped her to overcome these. 29.02.2024 Finding and blocking infection routes in hospitals During the COVID-​19 pandemic, hospitals often became hubs of infection. Researchers from the Department of Computer Science at ETH Zurich, EPFL and the ISI Foundation are developing a wearable tracking system for healthcare facilities that can identify the risks of infections. Initial tests in Switzerland and Africa show its potential. 27.02.2024 “It’s okay to take your time.” Damla Ortac already had a job as a software engineer when she graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science. But she began to have doubts about her chosen career and decided to do something totally different. Watch the video here. 19.02.2024 More spotlight stories NEWS A leap into the unknown Marita Berger, a Bachelor's student from the Department of Computer Science, spent her last semester in Beijing, China. For the ETH Ambassadors Blog, she looks back on her transformative journey. 26.02.2024 Introducing Sonia, your AI therapist The three D-INFK graduates Lukas Wolf, Dustin Klebe and Chris Aeberli, are the visionary minds behind "Sonia", a mental health app that provides mental health support to students. 20.02.2024 Breakthrough in the study of ancient scrolls Three young computer scientists, including D-INFK alumnus Julian Schilliger, have achieved what researchers have been trying to do for 270 years: Using artificial intelligence, they have extracted text fragments from fragile papyri. This has been generously rewarded. 15.02.2024 More news AWARDS & GRANTS Professor Ueli Maurer chosen as SATW member For his fundamental contributions to cryptography and information security, Professor Ueli Maurer from the Institute of Theoretical Computer Science has been appointed Full Member of the Swiss Academy of Engineering Sciences (SATW). Congratulations! 05.03.2024 ETH Medals for Master's graduates Three Master's graduates from the Department of Computer Science have been awarded the ETH Medal for their outstanding performance. Congratulations! 12.02.2024 More awards & grants IN THE MEDIA SRF Echo der Zeit: Künstliche Intelligenz als Problem für Cyber-Sicherheit David Zollikofer, Computer Science Student 27.02.2024 Wired: Apple's iMessage is getting post-quatum encryption Prof. David Basin 23.02.2024 EPFL News: I'm a researcher, I want to work on the next security challenge!" Professor Mathias Payer, D-INFK Alumnus 20.02.2024 More news Additional Information Computer science is one of the most influential scientific fields of the 21st century. Discover the pioneering spirit at ETH's Computer Science Department. Read more Photo Gallery Impressions from research, events and daily life. external pageVisit gallerycall_made Study Information chevron_right High School Students: Introductory Information (German) chevron_right Bachelor Studies in Computer Science chevron_right Student Organisations Consulting Services chevron_right Algorithm Consulting chevron_right Machine Learning & Data Science Consulting Quick Access chevron_right Academic Calendar chevron_right Computer Science Library chevron_right Course Catalogue chevron_right IT Service Group chevron_right Locations chevron_right Media and PR chevron_right Meeting Facilities chevron_right Open Positions chevron_right People A-Z chevron_right Print Service chevron_right Staffnet Communication & Marketing Services protected page lock Department Staff chevron_right Schools & Universities chevron_right Media chevron_right Business & Industry Respect ETH Zurich does not tolerate discrimination, bullying, threats and violence, or harassment of any kind. React quickly and firmly if you experience inappropriate behaviour. Respect website ETH Zurich Footer Recommended links D-INFK intranet Communication & Marketing Services Search Keyword or person search Follow us Services Student portal Alumni association Staffnet Contact lock Login Departments D-ARCH Architecture D-BAUG Civil, Environmental and Geomatic Engineering D-BIOL Biology D-BSSE Biosystems Science and Engineering D-CHAB Chemistry and Applied Biosciences D-ERDW Earth Sciences D-GESS Humanities, Social and Political Sciences D-HEST Health Sciences and Technology D-INFK Computer Science D-ITET Information Technology and Electrical Engineering D-MATH Mathematics D-MATL Department of Materials D-MAVT Mechanical and Process Engineering D-MTEC Management, Technology and Economics D-PHYS Physics D-USYS Environmental Systems Science Table of contents and legal Sitemap Imprint Accessibility Statement Disclaimer & Copyright Data protection © 2024 Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich JavaScript has been disabled in your browser