symmetry magazine | dimensions of particle physics Skip to main content Topics Higgs boson Neutrinos Dark matter Dark energy New physics Applications Full archive Follow Search A joint Fermilab/SLAC publication latest news 03/01/24 Nature How heavy is a neutrino? Race to weigh mysterious particle heats up Physicists discuss experiments that could improve laboratory measurements of the super-light particle’s mass. 02/23/24 The Guardian Quantum physics makes small leap with microscopic gravity measurement The experiment recorded minuscule gravitational pull as a step toward understanding how force operates at the subatomic level. 02/21/24 Fermilab Scientists get ready to observe neutrinos with SBND After nearly a decade of planning, prototyping and construction, the Short-Baseline Near Detector collaboration is in the final stretch of commissioning of their detector. 02/20/24 MIT Technology Review Inside the hunt for new physics at the world’s largest particle collider Hidden particles that physicists are looking for have proved more elusive than many expected, but the search is not over—nature has just forced them to get more creative. view more news View full archive Ears around the world are on The Coldest Case 03/05/24 Chris Patrick Particle Mysteries, a podcast released by the Interactions Collaboration, illuminates the international search for dark matter through conversations with its inquirers. 02/27/24 From the LHC to the search for exoplanets A scientist tried using machine-learning techniques from particle physics to analyze data from astronomy—and in the process discovered a new exoplanet. 02/20/24 A day in the life of a human-in-the-loop engineer Wan-Lin Hu’s job is to improve the way people and artificial intelligence collaborate to run SLAC’s complex machines. 02/13/24 LIGO comes to India In India, scientists are building a new LIGO detector, enhancing the capabilities of the observatory that reported the first observation of gravitational waves. 02/06/24 From life experience to research experience A former retail worker finds the confidence to pursue a career in STEM thanks to an internship program designed for students at small colleges. 02/01/24 Excavation of colossal caverns for Fermilab’s DUNE experiment completed The excavation of the caverns that will house the gigantic particle detectors of the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment in Lead, South Dakota, is complete. 01/30/24 CMS scientists expand search for new particles at the Large Hadron Collider CMS scientists are analyzing the first dataset gathered through a new tool designed to search for long-lived particles. 01/23/24 PIP-II team transports first cryomodule between UK and Fermilab The United Kingdom will eventually contribute three assembled cryomodules—known as HB650 for the radio frequency they use to operate—to Fermilab’s new particle accelerator. 01/18/24 A day in the life of a mountaintop telescope builder Margaux Lopez is one of a team of engineers preparing the Vera Rubin Observatory in Chile for the arrival of the largest digital camera ever built for astrophysics and cosmology. view more features View full archive An online magazine about particle physics. Subscribe Contact About Archive Copyright 2023 Symmetry Magazine A joint Fermilab/SLAC publication Symmetry receives funding through the US Department of Energy. Terms of Use