PRB Skip to Main Content What are you searching for? Search Media Center Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Donate PRB Close What we do Focus Areas Aging Children, Youth, and Families Coronavirus Family Planning, Maternal and Reproductive Health Gender Issues Inequality and Poverty Population and the Environment U.S. Census and the American Community Survey World and U.S. Population Trends Expertise Adaptive Learning and Knowledge Management Communications and Creative Services Data Visualization and Dissemination Demographic Estimation and Forecasting Distilling Research for Non-Technical Audiences Fostering Data User Communities Management of Complex Technical Programs Policy and Advocacy Communications Training Policy Analysis Research and Data Analysis Technical Assistance and Training Training and Support for Journalists Projects Data Center 2023 World Population Data Sheet Data Sheets Data Indicators International United States Resource Library Work With Us Work With Us Call for Applications Careers Government Contracting Fellowships About Mission and Leadership Mission and Values Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Leadership and Staff Board of Trustees PRB Fellows PACE Alumni Financials Annual Reports Financial Statements Contact Contact PRB Permissions Requests Media Center Menu 2023 World Population Data Sheet Demographic data about a population, like age, gender, and socioeconomic status, can help identify what groups may be more vulnerable to the effects of climate change. Explore the Data Sheet and its special focus on climate vulnerability and resilience. In the Nest: Did the Pandemic Push Young Adults to Live With Their Parents? Popular claims that the pandemic prompted young adults to “return to the nest” do not reflect reality. PRB's Climate Blog Series Solutions to the climate change crisis must be based on data and centered in equity and justice for the people most affected by climate change. / Les solutions à la crise climatique doivent être fondées sur des données et centrées sur l’équité et la justice pour les personnes les plus touchées par le changement climatique. Losing More Ground: Revisiting Young Women’s Well-Being Across Generations Despite more education and higher earnings, young women in the United States today are faring worse than their mother’s and grandmother’s generations. Why? Like the United States and Europe, the Asia-Pacific Region Is Experiencing Low Fertility and Population Aging As the Asia-Pacific region’s population shifts due to low fertility and their societies age, women especially may face specific challenges tied to factors like their health, financial resources, and caregiving responsibilities. Latest From PRB Millennial, Gen Z Young Women Face Increased Threats to Health and Safety Compared With Peers in Previous Generations, Despite Better Education, Pay PRB Taps Aïssata Fall to Lead Its Work in Africa PRB Appoints Joan Kahn to Its Board of Trustees Action to Address Pregnancy-Related Deaths Among U.S. Black Women Urged by Dr. Shalon’s Maternal Action Project, PRB and Tank Worldwide PRB Awarded $500,000 by Conrad N. Hilton Foundation to Promote Evidence on Early Childhood Development From East and Southern Africa “New Normal” Still Hard for California Families and Kids, Especially Children With Special Health Care Needs Media Center Projects American Community Survey and Decennial Census Support Services PRB has been a long-term partner to the U.S. Census Bureau, helping to inform policymakers, the media, and the public about the importance of data from the decennial census and American Community Survey. U.S. Census Bureau MOMENTUM Knowledge Accelerator Supporting improvements in voluntary family planning and reproductive health activities, including their integration with maternal and child health programs. USAID KidsData PRB leads the KidsData program, which advances children’s well-being in California by providing a high-quality, wide-ranging data website and collaborating with those who work on behalf of children. Lucile Packard Foundation for Children's Health Research Technical Assistance Center (RTAC) RTAC serves as a strategic resource to the United States Agency for International Development, leveraging academic researchers’ scientific expertise to provide research, specialized training, and short-term technical assistance. Research Division of the Innovation, Technology, and Research Hub in the USAID Bureau for Development, Democracy, and Innovation View All Most Searched Data Total Fertility Rate Population mid-2020 Total U.S. Deaths Percent of the Population Under Age 18 Explore RESOURCE LIBRARY Which U.S. States Have the Oldest Populations? Future Trends in Fertility Will Shape the Demographic Window of Opportunity in USAID Priority Countries Digital Health Compendium High Obesity Rates Plus Severe Coronavirus Cases Could Strain Rural U.S. Hospitals The Digital Divide 2020 KIDS COUNT Data Book Which Country Has the Oldest Population? Countries With the Oldest Populations in the World Search Resources Learn More Donate Scroll to top PRB Contact Population Reference Bureau 1111 19th St. NW Suite 400 Washington, DC 20036 Phone: 800-877-9881 Email: communications@prb.org Workstyle Serviced Offices The Address Building, 7th floor Muthangari Drive Nairobi, Kenya Phone: +254-735-084293 Email: PRBKenya@prb.org Affiliated Sites American Community Survey (ACS) Data Users Group Interagency Gender Working Group (IGWG) KidsData MOMENTUM: A Global Partnership for Health and Resilience PACE (Policy, Advocacy, and Communication Enhanced) Population Dynamics Research Centers Subscribe to our Newsletter Sign up for our email newsletter Sign up for our email newsletter Stay Connected Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Youtube Privacy Policy & Terms of Service Permissions © 2024 PRB. All Rights Reserved