Inequality.org Home Topics Covid-19 2020 Inequality Causal Factors Health Effects Labor Philanthropy Student Debt Executive Pay Hidden Wealth Legislative Action Plutocracy Sustainability Faces on the Frontlines Historical Background Middle Class Squeeze Racial Wealth Divide Taxation Gender Gap Income Distribution Social Mobility Wall Street Global Struggles Inherited Wealth Solutions Wealth Concentration All Research & Commentary All Blogging Our Great Divide Research & Commentary Our Great Divide Facts Inequality and Covid-19 Income Inequality Wealth Inequality Racial Economic Inequality Global Inequality Gender Economic Inequality Inequality and Health Inequality and Taxes Inequality and the Care Economy Inequality and Philanthropy Resources Inequality Weekly Organizations Inequality Quotes by Historic World Leaders Books Our Work Reports Books Policy Development About Newsletter Action Donate Press enter to search About Newsletter Action Donate Home Topics Covid-19 2020 Inequality Causal Factors Health Effects Labor Philanthropy Student Debt Executive Pay Hidden Wealth Legislative Action Plutocracy Sustainability Faces on the Frontlines Historical Background Middle Class Squeeze Racial Wealth Divide Taxation Gender Gap Income Distribution Social Mobility Wall Street Global Struggles Inherited Wealth Solutions Wealth Concentration All Research & Commentary All Blogging Our Great Divide Research & Commentary Our Great Divide Facts Inequality and Covid-19 Income Inequality Wealth Inequality Racial Economic Inequality Global Inequality Gender Economic Inequality Inequality and Health Inequality and Taxes Inequality and the Care Economy Inequality and Philanthropy Resources Inequality Weekly Organizations Inequality Quotes by Historic World Leaders Books Our Work Reports Books Policy Development Faces on the Frontlines 10 Victories for the Working Class in 2023 December 20, 2023 / by Sarah Anderson New Research Private Jet Excess Doesn’t Justify Airport Expansion October 02, 2023 / by Chuck Collins Our Inequality Weekly An indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world. Charity Reform Initiative The growing concentration of wealth and power is distorting philanthropy. CEO-Worker Pay Gap Resources Resources to narrow our dangerous pay divide. Billionaire Wealth Tracking the explosive growth of U.S. billionaire wealth. More Resources Research & Commentary We Can Break the Cycle of Poverty, Mental Illness and Prison March 1, 2024 / by Matthew Rosing Having a Child Shouldn’t Cause Financial Catastrophe February 26, 2024 / by Lindsay K. Saunders Free Tax Filing: A Crucial Step Toward Unrigging Our Economy February 20, 2024 / by Susan Harley Half of Babies — Including Mine — Rely on WIC. But Unless Congress Acts, Millions Could Face Food Insecurity. February 13, 2024 / by Candace Baker All Research & Commentary Blogging Our Great Divide Can Brazil Convince the World To Tax Billionaire Wealth? March 1, 2024 / by Sam Pizzigati Billionaires Can’t Save American Journalism February 27, 2024 / by Chris Mills Rodrigo Do High Taxes on Our Rich Make Any Sense? February 23, 2024 / by Sam Pizzigati The USPS Network Consolidation Plan: What’s at Stake for Southern Oregon February 22, 2024 / by Sarah Anderson / by Scott Klinger All Blogging Our Great Divide Inequality.org is your online portal to data, analysis, and commentary on income and wealth inequality. You'll find on these pages information and insights that can help you better understand our deeply unequal world — and how we can work to change it. Inequality.org comes to you as a project of the Washington, D.C.-based Institute for Policy Studies. Stay informed Subscribe to our weekly newsletter Subscribe Now Get The Facts Income Inequality Researchers have many different yardsticks for measuring income — and all of them show a widening gap between the rich and everyone else. Learn More Wealth Inequality Researchers can help us gauge how evenly societies distribute the wealth their economies generate. That distribution has grown markedly top-heavy, especially in the United States,. Learn More Global Inequality A shockingly large share of the world's wealth has come to rest in the hands of a shockingly small percentage of the world’s population. Learn More Inequality and Health How long and how well we live depends to a great degree, the evidence shows, on the level of economic inequality within our societies. Learn More Racial Economic Inequality Systematic discrimination against people of color continues to help concentrate wealth at society’s economic summit at the expense of society’s least privileged. Learn More "Taxing the rich isn't radical — what's radical is asking average Americans to pay more in taxes than billionaires." Trish Zornio scientist and political columnist 8.2% The average federal income tax rate paid among billionaires between 2010 and 2018 -- including income from their wealth that largely goes untaxed. Most taxpayers average a federal income tax rate of approximately 13.3%. $300M Amount billionaire Ken Griffin donated to Harvard's Faculty of Arts and Sciences. In exchange for adding to its already enormous endowment of $53 billion, the university will rename it's Graduate School of Arts & Sciences after Griffin. 96 Number of stories in Manhattan's 432 Park Avenue luxury residential needle tower. Lowest price of a condo in the tower: $17 million. Home Topics Research & Commentary Our Great Divide Facts Resources Our Work About Newsletter Action Donate Inequality.org is a project of the Institute for Policy Studies Privacy Policy Contact Us Content licensed under a Creative Commons 3.0 License Site by Wide Eye Creative Inequality.org → In Your Inbox Get the indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world, in your inbox every Wednesday. You can unsubscribe any time. We do not sell or share your information with others. Click to close ✖ Inequality.org → In Your Inbox Get the indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world, in your inbox every Wednesday. You can unsubscribe any time. We do not sell or share your information with others. Click to close ✖ Inequality.org → In Your Inbox Get the indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world, in your inbox every Wednesday. You can unsubscribe any time. We do not sell or share your information with others. Click to close ✖ Inequality.org → In Your Inbox Get the indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world, in your inbox every Wednesday. You can unsubscribe any time. We do not sell or share your information with others. Click to close ✖ Inequality.org → In Your Inbox Get the indispensable guide to the latest on our unequal world, in your inbox every Wednesday. You can unsubscribe any time. We do not sell or share your information with others. Click to close ✖