eScan Cyber Security Solutions | Protect Enterprise Networks & Small and Medium Businesses!! Menu Close Product Business Solutions Business Solutions eScan Internet Security Suite for Business eScan Total Security Suite for Business eScan Elite for Business Close Enterprise Solutions Enterprise Solutions eScan Corporate Edition eScan Corporate 360 eScan Ultra Security for Enterprise eScan Endpoint Detection & Response (EDR) Close Data Security Data Security eScan Enterprise Data Loss Prevention (DLP) eScan Two-Factor Authentication (MFA/2FA) Close Cloud Security Cloud Security eScan Cloud Hosted Security Close Mobility Management Mobility Management eScan Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) Close Mail Security Mail Security MailScan for Lotus Notes MailScan for Mail Servers MailScan for CommuniGate Pro MailScan for VPOP3 MailScan for Merak MailScan for Mailtraq MailScan for SMTP Servers MailScan for Microsoft Exchange Server MailScan for Linux Close SOHO Products SOHO Products eScan Anti-Virus eScan Internet Security Suite eScan Total Security Suite eScan Server Edition eScan Universal Security Suite (Multi-device License) eScan Anti-Virus Security for Mac eScan Anti-Virus for Linux Desktops eScan Mobile Security for Android eScan Mobile Security for iPhones & iPads Close Other Product & Services Other Product & Services Webscan for Linux Proxy Server eScan for Linux File Servers MailScan for Linux eScan Endpoint Security Close Close Solutions Enterprise Mobility Management Enterprise Endpoint Protection Enterprise Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) Close Support Customer Support Support Technical Support How to Register/Activate Generate Registration/Activation Key Renew Your Product Upgrade Users Cross Upgrade eScan Anti-Theft Login Submit False Positives Malware Report eScan Forum eScan FAQs Hall Of Fame Close Tools Tools eScan Anti-Virus Toolkit Weekly Offline Updates Download Hotfix Download Products Find eScan Installer eScan Virus Alerts eScan Rescue Disk Close Close About Us Company Company Our Profile Leadership Team Awards & Certifications ISO Certification Why eScan? eScan Subscription Recommend eScan Our Technologies Terminology Careers @ eScan eScan CSR Policy Vulnerability Disclosure Program Close Media Center Media Center eScan Announcements eScan News eScan Events eScan Blog eScan Advisory eScan Wiki Close Close Partner Partner Partner Partner Login Partner Registration Affiliate Program Partner Benefits Customization Kit OEM Product Partner Downloads Close Close Contact Us Close Free virus scan Renewal Upgrade Technical Support Live Chat Malware Report Products & Solutions eScan is an advanced security solution provider in the digital world. Our product portfolio encompasses Anti-Virus, Anti-Spam, Anti-Ransomware, Content Security, Advanced Rootkit Detection, Network Intrusion Prevention, and many more. Our ongoing goal is to give futuristic security intelligence to computers on any scale-in an enterprise, a small business, or even a home. Our clients include government and defence agencies, telecom and IT industries, infrastructure providers, financial and banking institutions, and educational institutions from all over the world. They can securely shop, bank, browse, play, and connect to the internet. It is also used in sectors such as schools, universities, hospitals, and health care services globally. eScan products protect all your information security assets by covering the entire security spectrum. Let us assist you in selecting the ideal good for your valuable IT assets. Home & Small Office Small & Medium Business Enterprise MailScan What Customers Saying About Us ! We have helped millions of customers with advanced protection and the toughest defense against viruses, ransomware, zero-day threats, Wi-Fi vulnerabilities, and more. Here's what they have to say about us. Bhaavik Deshmukh - Network Administrator We were always searching for a single company that could handle everything, and with eScan, we discovered it: powerful security protection, simple maintenance, and user-friendly setup, all with a low total cost of ownership. Atharva - Central Services Delivery Manager We’ve been working diligently to build our expertise in the security area, with eScan as our vendor of choice we had eScan endpoint installations. It’s been about three years since we made a decision to go full steam ahead with eScan Two-Factor Authentication and other complementary eScan solutions. Izaan - IT Manager We are confident in eScan's excellent assistance, and the fact that we can implement a complete, single-vendor solution that is simple to maintain from a single console allows us to improve the security of our environment at a lesser cost. Lakshay Bhatt - Chief Operating Office Thanks to eScan's next-generation solutions, we are unafraid of what the security landscape can bring. Furthermore, those solutions give us and our clients all the trust we require. Adhrit Patel - Chief Security Officer Since adopting eScan, we've tracked millions of attacks, blocked 117,000 threats in one day, and had no infections in 10 months. eScan is always working, even when I'm sleeping. Maneesh G - Owner of a Retail Store As a small business owner, I was concerned about the rising cyber threats targeting companies like mine. Thankfully, I found eScan EDR, and it has been a lifesaver! It's cost-effective and doesn't require a dedicated IT team to manage. The product's simplicity doesn't compromise on its effectiveness. I sleep better at night knowing my business is protected against cyber attacks. Vikas - Chief Technology Officer Our company deals with sensitive customer information, and maintaining data security is paramount. After implementing eScan EDR, we've seen a significant improvement in our cybersecurity posture. The solution's ability to detect fileless malware and zero-day threats is commendable. It has helped us stay ahead of cybercriminals and secure our customer data with confidence. Vishwas Bone - Head of IT We chose eScan because we believe that standardizing security across our organization and between the branches will provide an improved level of security, which is exactly what our customers expect. Yogesh Dias With eScan's highly secured technology operating in the background, we can focus on initiatives that will give our students the best possible learning environment and prepare them for the digital world with confidence and freedom. Armaan siddiqui - Head of IT Our team has been working diligently to build our expertise in the security area, with eScan as our vendor of choice. We had some eScan endpoint installations earlier on. Three years ago, we decided to proceed full steam ahead with the eScan firewall and other complementary eScan products. Avdhesh Kulkarni Our organization needed a next-generation capability that could protect us from zero-hour threats and ransomware attacks. Our existing solutions were unable to handle this, yet eScan picked them up and dealt with them immediately. Stephan - IT Manager "Being able to protect our customers' email from spam, phishing and advanced threats from a single console." Our customers want simple integrated information security - everything in one solution. Managing email security alongside encryption, mobile and endpoint protection from a single console is critical to our success. " Priyanka - A Happy Mother "eScan Has helped me manage my kids's Learning Envieoment without any threat Online. I am happy with the parental control feature, which allows my kids to explore the web freely, blocking unsuitable sites- keeping me worry-free!" Jeremy Skipper - Information Services Supervisor "eScan Enterprise EDR was the simplest, fastest, and most effective solution to making our infrastructure more cyber-resilient and reducing our risk of a data breach." Shane Adams - IT Security Analyst "Since installation we've had zero ransomware infections on our clients' networks." Pradeepa Bansal - IT Manager "We are quite impressed with the benefits we've experienced with eScan. The improvements we've made to our endpoint protection have improved our entire infrastructure in education institutions." Karthik - Maharashtra "I'm very appreciative of the eScan team. My laptop hasn't functioned properly for the past year due to an unwanted virus. I had forgotten my eScan Total Security serial key, but the problem was fixed quickly. Thank you so much team for your assistance." Suman Varma "Excellent Endpoint for Service Industry" Overall User Rating ***** "We have been using eScan internet security for five years, and they offer excellent endpoint protection to secure your business effectively without slowing down the network. They also help protect our database from online security threats with their anti-spam and anti-virus features. Additionally, they have a great support system to answer all of your technical questions." Amol Mishra - Haryana "Thanks to eScan. It was simple & Straightforward to get my issue resolved Extremely user-Friendly Processes." Dr. Manish Bakshi - India "One of the best cyber security solutions brand from Indian, presence all over world, i have personally experience from last 9 years, unexpected continually innovative unique features in affordable price, which helps in digital lifestyle even home users and corporate segments." Ankit Rao Had previously used eScan Total Security for a Full Year on my Laptop with great satisfaction, so when the time for renewal was just a week away, I made the decision to buy 1 Year 1 Device from Amazon. I placed the order yesterday, and it was delivered by email in about one hour. After logging onto the URL, installing the software, and downloading all the most recent updates after registering, the steps were quite simple to follow because there were clear installation instructions provided. Happy to have eScan Total Security Suite for another 365 days at such a great price! Rucha Michael - Nairobi, Kenya Prime Mover Ins. Brokers "I have full confidence on eScan products, especially thee Scan Internet Security for SMB. among all the other products I have ever used. Keep up the good work" Amazon Customer "Best excellent" Had previously used eScan Total Security for a Full Year on my Laptop with great satisfaction, so when the time for renewal was just a week away, I made the decision to buy 1 Year 1 Device from Amazon. I placed the order yesterday, and it was delivered in one day. After installing the software, and downloading all the most recent updates after registering, the steps were quite simple to follow because there were clear installation instructions provided. Carlo Vittori - Muttenz, Switzerland I am very happy using eScan. I am a eScan Internet Security Suite user for many years now and I will never change. Thank you eScan. Recykha Harold - Panjim, India Dentist - Colaco Dental clinic Right now, I think it's the best. Still need to explore more about the product. But overall, I am happy to be a part with eScan. Thank you and looking ahead for your services when in need. Titu Sahotra - Mumbai, India This is my second time of using eScan antivirus. I like it because it takes very less resources. Other Anti-Virus remove viruses and damage or remove your data. eScan does not harm your data. It is very safe and secure. I like it very much and recommend my friends to use eScan Anti-Virus or eScan Internet Security Suite. Products Home and Small Office Small and Medium Business Corporate / Enterprises MailScan Partner Partner Login Partner Registration Affiliate program Partner Benefits Customization kit OEM Product Partner Downloads Support Customer Support Product Registration Product Activation Download Products eScan Anti-Virus Toolkit Renew Your Product Upgrade Users eScan Anti-Theft Login About Us Our Profile Awards & Certifications ISO Certification eScan News eScan Subscription Why eScan? Careers @ eScan Copyright © 2023 MicroWorld Technologies Inc. - Enterprise Security . EULA | Privacy Policy | RSS Feed | Sitemap We use cookies to make your experience of our websites better. By using and further navigating this websites, you accept that some of your browsing activity may be recorded in cookies. Detailed information about the use of cookies on this websites is availablehere Ok! Top