Activision | Home Skip to content Games About About Us Studios And Locations Ratings & Resources Playtest Diversity & Inclusion Careers Search Jobs Students Military Veterans Veterans Hiring Guide FAQ Support Support Home Online Services Sign Up Login Profile Log Out Games About About Us Studios And Locations Ratings & Resources Playtest Diversity & Inclusion Careers Search Jobs Students Military Veterans Veterans Hiring Guide FAQ Support Support Home Online Services Login Sign Up Profile Log Out Captain Price and TF 141 face off against the ultimate threat in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare III Purchase MWIII Visit Site PURCHASE NOW AND GET THERETRO TAWNA SKIN Buy Now Visit Site Available Now For PS4™, XBOX One® & PC! Buy Game Visit Site Available Now For iOS and Android! Download Now Visit Site Latest News & Articles All News All News Feb 06, 2024 Intel Drop: Season 2 BlackCell, Battle Pass, and Bundles Season 2 is here and packed with new content from the eerie to the badass including a variety of Operator Skins, Weapon Blueprints, and more. Take a look at what you’ll find in the Season 2 Battle Pass, BlackCell offering, and in new Store Bundles. Read More Feb 02, 2024 Introducing Call of Duty: Mobile Season 2 — Lunar Dragon The dragon symbolizes power, strength, and good fortune. Celebrate with a Year of the Dragon–themed Nuk3town, move swiftly like a dragon with the new Jet Boost Battle Royale class and Boost Assault Multiplayer mode, engage in cooking competitions on the floating platform in Isolated, and more. Read More Feb 01, 2024 Modern Warfare III Season 2 Content Fully Revealed! Season 2 delivers a massive drop of content, with four new Core 6v6 maps, a new War map, another Zombies story mission, the return of Resurgence Map Fortune’s Keep, along with Ranked Play for both Multiplayer and Call of Duty: Warzone. The undead are everywhere: Get ready as the Hunt begins on February 7! Read More Jan 29, 2024 Call of Duty Update: An Inside Look at Matchmaking Starting the conversation about Matchmaking in Call of Duty. Read More Jan 23, 2024 Call of Duty makes Code of Conduct change, details moderation data Code of Conduct language updated; Findings from the in-game voice moderation North America beta and global Modern Warfare III launch Read More Jan 09, 2024 Modern Warfare III Content Drop: Season 1 Reloaded Deploy to the new 6v6 Rio Multiplayer map and new game modes, compete in Multiplayer Ranked Play, take on the new Warlord in Zombies, summon your skill for the Champion’s Quest in Call of Duty: Warzone, and more. Experience new content and limited-time events, including The Boys: Supe Siege and Trial of Power. Welcome to Season 1 Reloaded. Read More Dec 02, 2020 Holiday Gift Guide: Call of Duty Get ready to execute the mission with Call of Duty® and Black Ops Cold War themed performance and apparel items this holiday season. So don’t miss out! Here is some awesome merch for you and the Tier One Operators in your life. Read More Dec 02, 2020 Holiday Gift Guide: Crash Bandicoot Searching for the perfect Holiday season gift? Look no further with new Crash Bandicoot™ themed apparel, an art book, collectibles, and more that’s sure to please your Crash-crazy friends and family. Read More Dec 01, 2020 Activision Blizzard Veterans Day of Service: 2020 Activision Blizzard continues annual volunteer initiative amidst a global pandemic. Read More Nov 11, 2020 Finding Oneself in Service of Others While some arrive at their calling as if by decree, others have to hustle and often persevere to get there. Captain Ramsey Abdulrahim’s journey to finding and securing his true north was anything but a foregone conclusion. Read More Oct 27, 2020 Beenox Celebrates 20th Anniversary We reflect with Co-Studio Head Thomas Wilson on Beenox’s journey from a small apartment in Quebec to developing the Best Sports/Racing Game of 2019, as well as welcome in new Co-Studio Head Nour Polloni. Read More Jul 09, 2020 Call of Duty®: Warzone™ Apparel Announcement Check out new DRKN® and Graph® Warzone apparel, available now and shipped to players worldwide! Read More Feb 06, 2024 Intel Drop: Season 2 BlackCell, Battle Pass, and Bundles Season 2 is here and packed with new content from the eerie to the badass including a variety of Operator Skins, Weapon Blueprints, and more. Take a look at what you’ll find in the Season 2 Battle Pass, BlackCell offering, and in new Store Bundles. Read More Feb 02, 2024 Introducing Call of Duty: Mobile Season 2 — Lunar Dragon The dragon symbolizes power, strength, and good fortune. Celebrate with a Year of the Dragon–themed Nuk3town, move swiftly like a dragon with the new Jet Boost Battle Royale class and Boost Assault Multiplayer mode, engage in cooking competitions on the floating platform in Isolated, and more. Read More Feb 01, 2024 Modern Warfare III Season 2 Content Fully Revealed! Season 2 delivers a massive drop of content, with four new Core 6v6 maps, a new War map, another Zombies story mission, the return of Resurgence Map Fortune’s Keep, along with Ranked Play for both Multiplayer and Call of Duty: Warzone. The undead are everywhere: Get ready as the Hunt begins on February 7! Read More Jan 29, 2024 Call of Duty Update: An Inside Look at Matchmaking Starting the conversation about Matchmaking in Call of Duty. Read More Jan 23, 2024 Call of Duty makes Code of Conduct change, details moderation data Code of Conduct language updated; Findings from the in-game voice moderation North America beta and global Modern Warfare III launch Read More Jan 09, 2024 Modern Warfare III Content Drop: Season 1 Reloaded Deploy to the new 6v6 Rio Multiplayer map and new game modes, compete in Multiplayer Ranked Play, take on the new Warlord in Zombies, summon your skill for the Champion’s Quest in Call of Duty: Warzone, and more. Experience new content and limited-time events, including The Boys: Supe Siege and Trial of Power. Welcome to Season 1 Reloaded. Read More Mar 14, 2022 Chance to win a Scratch Board and More Via Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™ Sweepstakes The more you skate, the more it reveals. Participate for the chance to win your own Scratch Board that reveals hidden prizes as you skate. Read on for entry details and more. Read More Feb 23, 2021 Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™ 1 + 2 – Coming Soon to New Platforms! Be the G.O.A.T. and get shredding in true next-gen fashion and on-the-go. Read More Nov 06, 2020 Contribute to The Skatepark Project Get 10 boards for your Create-a-Skater all while helping to create skateparks for underprivileged youth communities in the U.S. Read More Nov 05, 2020 Solo Tours, New Decks and Create-a-Skater Crash Swag! From the ability to replay Tours with individual skaters to Crash-themed gear for your Create-a-Skater, not to mention a ten-deck bundle that benefits The Skate-park Project, this is all you need to know about the game’s next update. Read More Sep 08, 2020 Support Military Veterans through the Call of Duty Endowment United Pack Help the Call of Duty Endowment’s mission of placing unemployed and underemployed veterans into high-quality jobs by purchasing new threads, decks, and wheels for your Create-a-Skater inside the new THPS game. Read More Sep 04, 2020 Tony Hawk’s™ Pro Skater™ 1 and 2 Available Now Get set to shred with details on Vicarious Visions’ faithful remaster of the first two THPS games, including how Tony Hawk celebrated this launch and where to buy the next chapter in the franchise’s history. Read More Dec 07, 2023 Get all fired up for the winter season with new heroes, maps, and more. Read More Sep 12, 2023 Get a sneak peek at what’s to come in Season 2 Read More Aug 09, 2023 Crash Team Rumble is Free for a Limited Time The team at Toys for Bob is excited for players everywhere to have a chance to jump into the fun from August 11 – August 14! Read More Jun 20, 2023 Get N. Sane with Crash Team Rumble - Live Now Experience a whole new way to Crash in the all-new 4v4, cross-platform Crash Team Rumble. Jump, slide, smash and bash your way across nine wild arenas with eight unique characters all in pursuit of the delectable Wumpa Fruit. This is Crash like you’ve never played before. Read More Mar 30, 2023 Get Ready for an N. Sane Rumble: Pre-Order Crash Team Rumble Online and at Select Retailers! While we eagerly await players to participate in the Closed Beta* on April 20-24, we thought we’d share more details on what to expect in the coming weeks. Read More Dec 09, 2022 Crash Team Rumble™ — Coming Soon to Xbox and PlayStation Rise as a hero or unleash your inner villain as Crash, Dingodile, and other heroes and villains of the Crash universe head to the arena in the all-new, team-based, 4v4, cross-platform Crash Team Rumble™, releasing in 2023. Read More View All We're here to help! Get answers to frequently asked questions, check server status, and engage with a support expert Visit Support Community Have Fun Learn more about job opportunities Join Us Our Teams Game Design Art & Animation Brand Management Production Quality Assurance Customer Support Studio Operations Programming Finance & Accounting Human Resources Back to Top Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Popular Games Call of Duty Tony Hawk Pro Skater Crash Bandicoot Spyro Sekiro Company Press Research Activision Blizzard Contact Us Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Online Safety Applicant Privacy Policy United States Selected region: United States + United States United Kingdom English Canada Australia France Canada Français Deutschland Italia España México Brasil Polska 한국 Copyright 2023 Activision Publishing, Inc. The Software License and Service Agreement will be updated. Please follow this link [https://www.activision.com/legal/ap-eula] in order to see these changes. × Privacy Policy Update We’ve updated our Privacy Policy. You can view the revised policy here. By continuing to use Activision’s websites, products or services, you acknowledge this revised Privacy Policy. ×