Home | Amnesty International UK Amnesty International UK Amnesty International UK Amnesty International UK Login Search Menu Home Who We Are What We Do Get Involved Home Who We Are What We Do Get Involved Donate Log in Donate Accessibility Accessibility Close Text size All popular browsers allow zooming in and out by pressing the Ctrl (Cmd in OS X) and + or - keys. Or alternatively hold down the Ctrl key and scroll up or down with the mouse. Line height Increased Default Contrast High contrast Default This site uses cookies to help improve your online experience. Find out more SCRAP NEW ANTI-PROTEST LAWS SCRAP NEWANTI-PROTEST LAWS SCRAP NEW ANTI-PROTEST LAWS What does the future hold if we allow the government to restrict our right to protest? The answer is: nothing good. Join us to demand the Home Secretary scraps the government's anti-protest laws today Act now Amnesty International UK What does the future hold if we allow the government to restrict our right to protest? The answer is: nothing good. Join us to demand the Home Secretary scraps the government's anti-protest laws today Act now We are people from across the world standing up for humanity and human rights. Learn about what we do Support us I would like to help today and donate Every month Just once £ Donate Please enter an amount (£1.00 to £100,000.00) £ Donate Please enter an amount (£1.00 to £100,000.00) Join our email list Sign up Ceasefire Now / Urge Rishi Sunak to call for an immediate ceasefire by all parties to help end the humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza. What is Prevent? / Learn about the Prevent duty and its chilling effect on human rights Crisis in Gaza, Israel and wider Occupied Palestinian Territories / Read our calls and latest developments Help defend the rights of older people in conflict zones / Your gift could help defend older people in Ukraine and around the world. Amnesty Shop / Browse our huge range of Branded products, ethical gifts and everyday items Challenge Events / From marathons, cycling events to parachute jumps. Sponsored by The Co-operative Bank. Before Our Eyes / Our short film with Olivia Colman & Adrian Lester to engage the public on threat to human rights in the UK. Sign up to Reading Rebels / A book subscription for curious, kind kids. Books, fun activities, and more to empower and inspire. Amnesty UK Structure / AIUK is comprised of the Charitable Trust & the UK Section, two organisations working together. Learn more. Join our email list Sign up Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Follow us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Amnesty International Amnesty International About this site Terms And Conditions Cookies Statement Cookies settings Privacy Notice Community Rules Get in touch Contact Us Work for Amnesty Events Venue Hire Quick links Urgent Actions Amnesty Shop Governance Media Centre Education And Training Safeguarding Other Resources Amnesty International © Amnesty International UK 2023. Amnesty International UK Section Charitable Trust. A company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (03139939) and a charity registered in England and Wales (1051681) and Scotland (SC039534). Amnesty International United Kingdom Section. A company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales (01735872). Registered office 17-25 New Inn Yard London EC2A 3EA. © Amnesty International UK 2023