InForum | The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead SUBSCRIBE NOW SAVE & get rewarded! Show Search ClearSearch Query Submit Search Read Today's Paper Tuesday, March 5 Watch WDAY+ Election 2024 📆 Events Calendar 📷 March InFocus 🎧 Podcasts Advertise With Us Digital Advertising Print Advertising Printing Services TV Advertising Video Services Place a Public Notice (MN) Place a Public Notice (ND) Get Our Advertising Newsletter News Fargo Moorhead West Fargo Bismarck Minnesota North Dakota South Dakota National World The Vault Agweek WDAY+ Weather Sports Prep WDAY+ College Bison Media Zone UND Hockey Pro Northland Outdoors Obituaries Health Business Business Announcements Opinion Editorials Columns Letters Cartoons Lifestyle Arts / Entertainment Home / Garden Astro Bob Comics On the Minds of Moms Puzzles and Games Community Milestones WDAY+ Contests Calendar Announcements Best of the Red River Valley 2023 Podcasts Listings Classifieds Public Notices JobsHQ HomesHQ Motors Account FCC Network Profile Newsletters Help Subscriber Benefits Sections Show Search ClearSearch Query Submit Search Watch WDAY+ Election 2024 📆 Events Calendar 📷 March InFocus 🎧 Podcasts SUBSCRIBE NOW SAVE & get rewarded! Sign in Account SUBSCRIBE NOW SAVE & get rewarded! Read Today's Paper Tuesday, March 5 | Advertise With Us ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Subscribers Only West Fargo Business owner's social media post spurs action from West Fargo city leaders A Facebook post led Commissioner Mandy George to bring the issue up at Monday's meeting. 20h ago · By Wendy Reuer Subscribers Only North Dakota North Dakota potato farmer accused of lying for crop insurance gets 10-year program ban, avoids jail Darren Tronson pleaded guilty to to concealment of material fact when he filed a claim for $540,000 in 2019 crop losses. He'll serve a year of supervised probation. 3h ago · By April Baumgarten Columns Port: Controversial Republican lawmaker, who has targeted his colleagues, draws his own primary challenge State Rep. Brandon Prichard is Bismarck-area Republican who has been traveling the state to campaign against some of his legislative colleagues. Now he's facing his own primary challenge. 3h ago · By Rob Port Men's Sports NFL Rumblings: Could former Bison QB Trey Lance be solution for Vikings if Cousins leaves? NFL Network's Rich Eisen said on his sports talk show he's heard rumblings, Lance could land with the Vikings. 5h ago · By Eric Peterson Latest Headlines News, sports, opinion, and more 7m College Will core of Gophers men’s basketball roster return next season? Ben Johnson hopes so. 15m South Dakota South Dakota senator banned from House floor, lobby over syrup bottle 19m Minnesota Photos: Primary election voting in Minnesota on Tuesday, March 5, 2024 22m Pro Wild have few trade options, but maybe Bill Guerin will surprise us 46m South Dakota At least 18 South Dakota counties petitioning to require ballots be hand counted ADVERTISEMENT Must Reads Minnesota Once a big box retail store, Moorhead High School's Career Academy honored for design 4h ago · By Robin Huebner Fargo The Windbreak to receive one-day liquor license suspension for overserving 2h ago · By Helmut Schmidt The Vault Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind 'speaks' in new Hulu true-crime show 'Me Hereafter' 1h ago · By C.S. Hagen Subscribers Only Business Uncorked Lounge aims to make it 'wine night every night' in Fargo 9h ago · By Helmut Schmidt ADVERTISEMENT StormTracker Weather ADVERTISEMENT Snow showers continuing to move throughout the region this afternoon 2h ago Weather John Wheeler: The lack of a winter snowpack creates a warm spring Last spring, snow covered the ground most of March and April. 12h ago · By John Wheeler Weather John Wheeler: If this seems like the warmest winter you can remember, that's because it is The average daily mean temperature of the winter is 4.3 degrees warmer per day than the second-warmest winter in 2011-12. 1d ago · By John Wheeler More top news Minnesota Minnesota Republicans will introduce bills to let voters decide on new flag 'It has to go to a vote, it has to be voters who decide if they want to see the flag change and if they want to change it, we have that conversation,' said Sen. Nathan Wesenberg, R-Little Falls North Dakota Bismarck police officers cleared in fatal shooting of teenager North Dakota Over 300,000 gallons of magnesium chloride spilled in McKenzie County Minnesota As women’s sports rise, Minnesota’s first women’s sports bar takes its shot In 1935, the first woman athlete graced the box of the Breakfast of Champions. Pictured on a box of General Mills’ Wheaties, Olympian Babe Didrikson Zaharias smiles and holds a basketball ready to shoot. 3h ago · By Sam Stroozas / MPR News North Dakota 200,000 comments submitted on Dakota Access Pipeline environmental review, official says Army Corps of Engineers reportedly on track to issue a final environmental impact statement on the Dakota Access Pipeline this fall, with a record of decision expected 30 to 60 days after that 4h ago · By Amy Dalrymple / North Dakota Monitor West Fargo Civic West to host discussion of government ethics in West Fargo Rebecca Binstock, executive director of the North Dakota Ethics Commission, will be speaking. 4h ago · By Forum staff ADVERTISEMENT OBITUARIES Erroll Bong 5h ago Alice Jondahl 5h ago Clare Williams 5h ago Lawrence “Larry” Skalet 5h ago Harold Payne 6h ago Clark Longie 6h ago Today's Poll Learn about these polls here. Subscribers Only Women's Sports Bison add another Twin Cities standout in Wayzata's Sophie Hawkinson Hawkinson was a high school teammate with current Bison Abby Krzewinski. 1d ago · By Dom Izzo Subscribers Only Men's Sports Skarperud, Bison golfers making most of Arizona experience 1d ago · By Jeff Kolpack Subscribers Only Sports Bison coach has personal connection to autism awareness 1d ago · By Logan Campbell Women's Sports Bison softball team downs Georgetown in extra innings 1d ago · By Forum staff Prep/local sports Antenna TV, 45TV to broadcast Minnesota boys hockey tournament in Fargo-Moorhead area The Class A and Class AA boys tournament games will be shown in the Fargo-Moorhead area on Antenna TV and 45TV on Wednesday, March 6 to Saturday, March 9. Subscribers Only Preps Plus: F-M fencers have success at state tournament, Klabo sets school record Central Cass, Wahpeton, Valley City boys win Region 1 basketball quarterfinals More sports Pro U.S. women’s national soccer team returning to Allianz Field in June The USWNT came to St. Paul in 2019 and 2021. 1h ago · By Andy Greder / St. Paul Pioneer Press College Buckeyes again ranked No. 1 in USA Hockey / The Rink Live women's poll Wisconsin, Clarkson, Colgate and Minnesota round out the top five. 1h ago · By The Rink Live Pro If the Vikings make Michael Penix Jr. their next QB, he will have earned it It’d be tough to find a quarterback who has battled through more adversity. 5h ago · By Dane Mizutani / St. Paul Pioneer Press Pro As the Vikings eye their next QB, Bo Nix points to his experience He started 61 games while playing for Auburn and Oregon. 7h ago · By Dane Mizutani / St. Paul Pioneer Press Sports Watch Hot Mic: Who will win the Summit League Tournament and the Twin Cities prepares for the Caitlin Clark tidal wave Hot Mic with Dom Izzo from Tuesday, March 5, 2024 8h ago · By Hot Mic with Dom Izzo Sports Area sports Scoreboard for Monday, March 4 Area sports scores, schedules, standings and polls. 14h ago · By Forum staff Business Business What's going up in your neighborhood? Building permits published the week of March 4, 2024 1h ago · By Forum staff Business ‘The lifeblood of the community’: States invest to save rural grocery stores 10h ago · By Kevin Hardy / Stateline National Petroleum refiner Valero joins Summit carbon capture project 1d ago · By Reuters Business South Dakota State, University of Minnesota program aims to fill the gap in the veterinarian shortage 1d ago · By Ariana Schumacher Get Local Crime and Courts Subscribers Only Judge orders psych evaluation in Douglas County, Minnesota murder case 78-year-old Alexandria man is accused of stabbing his niece to death in November Clay County pursuit results in 2 arrests Police believe Cloquet Super 8 shooting suspect did not know victims Wayne Stenehjem was designated a witness in Ray Holmberg’s child sex abuse case, attorney general says The Vault Subscribers Only The Vault The boy who went missing after his first day of school in 1944 9h ago · By Jennifer Kotila The Vault The brawling bill-makers of Bismarck 1d ago · By Jayme L. Job, Prairie Public Subscribers Only The Vault Suspects in Belinda Van Lith case included man who claimed he kidnapped Jacob Wetterling 4d ago · By Trisha Taurinskas Subscribers Only The Vault Candy heiress Helen Brach was last seen alive in a Minnesota gift shop. What happened to her? 6d ago · By Matthew Stolle ADVERTISEMENT Politics West Fargo to continue recycling program through Waste Management The city will sign a two-year contract with its current recycling vendor. Subscribers Only Minnesota senator explains his opposition to legislative gun control bills Subscribers Only Port: Army official says Obama administration suppressed environmental damage from #NoDAPL protests Trump falsely claims he won Minnesota in 2020, then contradicts himself Opinion Letters Letter: When is it treason? 3h ago · By Joseph Richardson Letters Letter: Democracy dies in darkness 7h ago · By Douglas Vander Meulen Cartoons Trygve Olson cartoon: The haunting 9h ago · By Trygve Olson Letters Letter: The city of Fargo should embrace the Housing First approach to ending homelessness 9h ago · By Rocky Schneider History Clearing snow from stuck train after historic 1966 blizzard landed college freshman in LIFE Magazine How a Black woman became a prominent figure in turn-of-the-century Fargo What a difference a day makes: 'Winter whiplashes' are a deadly part of the past Entertainment Subscribers Only March InFocus A collection of photos from Forum photographers taken in March 2024 that you won't find anywhere else on InForum. Pierce the Veil to play outdoor concert at Fargo Brewing United States Air Force Band and Singing Sergeants kick off spring tour with North Dakota concerts Dwight Yoakam and The Mavericks add summer Bluestem date Lifestyle Lifestyle A total solar eclipse will be visible to millions of Americans in April. Here's how to view it 8h ago · By Hannah Fry / Los Angeles Times (TNS) Lifestyle More Than Words bookstore to host author and West Fargo grad Jenna Miller for book-signing event 1d ago · By Forum staff Lifestyle Prime Time Community Gospel Choir strikes a chord across FM area 1d ago · By Kathryn Wilkowski Lifestyle After a Bemidji family's dog was missing for 7 weeks, a 'team effort' brought her home 1d ago · By Madelyn Haasken ADVERTISEMENT Health Reframing OCD Treatment as a Spiritual Practice with Reverend Katie O'Dunne Newborns diagnosed with syphilis at alarming rates Regular medication reviews important for people taking multiple drugs Outdoors North Dakota Game and Fish offers free wildlife food plot seed Game and Fish asks hunters, anglers to participate in economic impact survey Doug Leier: Winterkill is always a possibility under the ice in North Dakota Community Fargo, West Fargo fire departments welcome 10th class of recruits to Joint Training Academy Fargo area support group for blind and sight-impaired people to meet March 9 It's been a weird winter, and our listeners have questions about it Podcasts LISTEN: InForum Minute LISTEN: Bison Media Zone LISTEN: WDAY Sports Minute LISTEN: Hot Mic with Dom Izzo Special Sections Former Bison in the NFL News and information about former NDSU Bison football players who are part of the National Football League and other pro football leagues. Links to even more info about your favorite former Bison players in the NFL, including names like Trey Lance, Christian Watson and Carson Wentz. Jul 8, 2022 Agweek On the Minds of Moms Nov 9, 2021 Dakota Spotlight Dec 2, 2021 Bismarck Dec 2, 2021 Restaurants Dec 2, 2021 Account Manage My Account Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Policies and Standards Subscriber Benefits News Subscription Options Email Newsletters E-Paper Our News Network Contact Get Help Contact Us Advertise With Us Get Our Advertising Newsletter Careers More JobsHQ Motors HomesHQ Classifieds Public Notices Twitter Instagram Facebook © 2024 INFORUM and Forum Communications Company | 101 5th Street North, Fargo, ND 58102 | 701-235-7311 We see that you have javascript disabled. Please enable javascript and refresh the page to continue reading local news. If you feel you have received this message in error, please contact the customer support team at 1-833-248-7801.