Zerodha - Online stock trading at lowest prices from India's biggest stock broker – Zerodha Signup About Products Pricing Support Signup Open account About Products Pricing Support Kite Trading platform Console Backoffice Kite Connect Trading APIs Coin Mutual funds Varsity Trading Q&A Utilities Brokerage calculator Margin calculator Holiday calendar Updates Z-Connect blog Pulse News Circulars / Bulletin IPOs Education Varsity Trading Q&A Invest in everything Online platform to invest in stocks, derivatives, mutual funds, and more Sign up now Largest stock broker in India 1.3+ Crore Zerodha clients contribute to over 15% of all retail order volumes in India daily by trading and investing in: Futures and Options Commodity derivatives Currency derivatives Stocks & IPOs Direct mutual funds Bonds and Govt. Securities Trust with confidence Customer-first always That's why 1.3+ crore customers trust Zerodha with ₹3.5+ lakh crores worth of equity investments. No spam or gimmicks No gimmicks, spam, "gamification", or annoying push notifications. High quality apps that you use at your pace, the way you like. The Zerodha universe Not just an app, but a whole ecosystem. Our investments in 30+ fintech startups offer you tailored services specific to your needs. Do better with money With initiatives like Nudge and Kill Switch, we don't just facilitate transactions, but actively help you do better with your money. Explore our products Try Kite demo Unbeatable pricing We pioneered the concept of discount broking and price transparency in India. Flat fees and no hidden charges. See pricing ₹0 Free equity delivery and direct mutual funds ₹20 Intraday and F&O Free and open market education Varsity, the largest online stock market education book in the world covering everything from the basics to advanced trading. Varsity TradingQ&A, the most active trading and investment community in India for all your market related queries. TradingQ&A Open a Zerodha account Modern platforms and apps, ₹0 investments, and flat ₹20 intraday and F&O trades. Sign up now © 2010 - 2024, Zerodha Broking Ltd. All rights reserved. Company About Products Pricing Referral programme Careers Zerodha.tech Press & media Zerodha Cares (CSR) Support Contact us Support portal Z-Connect blog List of charges Downloads & resources Videos Market overview How to file a complaint? Status of your complaints Account Open an account Fund transfer Zerodha Broking Ltd.: Member of NSE, BSE​ &​ MCX – SEBI Registration no.: INZ000031633 CDSL/NSDL: Depository services through Zerodha Broking Ltd. – SEBI Registration no.: IN-DP-431-2019 Commodity Trading through Zerodha Commodities Pvt. Ltd. MCX: 46025; NSE-50001 – SEBI Registration no.: INZ000038238 Registered Address: Zerodha Broking Ltd., #153/154, 4th Cross, Dollars Colony, Opp. Clarence Public School, J.P Nagar 4th Phase, Bengaluru - 560078, Karnataka, India. For any complaints pertaining to securities broking please write to [email protected], for DP related to [email protected]. Please ensure you carefully read the Risk Disclosure Document as prescribed by SEBI | ICF Procedure to file a complaint on SEBI SCORES: Register on SCORES portal. Mandatory details for filing complaints on SCORES: Name, PAN, Address, Mobile Number, E-mail ID. Benefits: Effective Communication, Speedy redressal of the grievances Smart Online Dispute Resolution Investments in securities market are subject to market risks; read all the related documents carefully before investing. Attention investors: 1) Stock brokers can accept securities as margins from clients only by way of pledge in the depository system w.e.f September 01, 2020. 2) Update your e-mail and phone number with your stock broker / depository participant and receive OTP directly from depository on your e-mail and/or mobile number to create pledge. 3) Check your securities / MF / bonds in the consolidated account statement issued by NSDL/CDSL every month. "Prevent unauthorised transactions in your account. Update your mobile numbers/email IDs with your stock brokers. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchange on your mobile/email at the end of the day. Issued in the interest of investors. KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary." Dear Investor, if you are subscribing to an IPO, there is no need to issue a cheque. Please write the Bank account number and sign the IPO application form to authorize your bank to make payment in case of allotment. In case of non allotment the funds will remain in your bank account. As a business we don't give stock tips, and have not authorized anyone to trade on behalf of others. If you find anyone claiming to be part of Zerodha and offering such services, please create a ticket here. NSE BSE MCX Terms & conditions Policies & procedures Privacy policy Disclosure For investor's attention Investor charter