The University of Maine Skip to main navigation Skip to site navigation Skip to content Apply to UMaine A-Z Calendar Give Map News Careers myUMaine The University of Maine Admissions Admissions Apply Learn More Undergraduate Transfer Graduate International Lifelong Learning Veterans Machias Admissions Financial Aid Apply for Financial Aid Costs Scholarships Visits, Tours and more Visit UMaine For Counselors For Accepted Students Machias Campus Campus Life What’s Happening UMaine Calendar Campus Announcements Social Media Events at UMM Commencement Community Division of Student Life Campus Living Dining Recreation Arts Athletics Parents and Family Bursar’s Office Student Consumer Information Clery Safety and Security Report Getting Around Campus Map Parking Services Visitors Machias Campus Life Academics Colleges College of Education and Human Development College of Liberal Arts and Sciences College of Earth, Life, and Health Sciences Graduate School Honors College Maine Business School Maine College of Engineering and Computing Learning Locations UMaine Online University of Maine at Machias Professional and Continuing Education Early College Cooperative Extension Darling Marine Center Education Abroad Resources Majors and Programs Student Records Undergraduate Catalog Graduate Catalog Fogler Library Academic Calendar First-generation Student Support Adult Learner Resources Navigate Research Learning Experiences Research Research Portland Gateway Institute of Medicine Center for Undergraduate Research Student Symposium Centers and Institutes Research News Announcements Vision and Mission Research Report Initiatives Maine EPSCoR UMaine AI UMaine Arctic UMaine Arts Experiential Programs Innovation Central (EPIC) Coordinated Operating Research Entities (CORE) UMaine FOREST UMaine MARINE UMaine Space Resources Office of Research Administration Office of Research Compliance Office of Research Development Advanced Research Computing, Security, and Information Management Graduate Studies Research Marketing and Communications Organizational Chart About Us About UMaine President’s Office Provost’s Office UMS Transforms UMaine Mission Quick Facts UMaine News Contact Us / Media Inquiries Community Outreach Cooperative Extension UMaine Today Magazine Alumni and Giving Events and Hospitality Celebrating 150 years Strategic Partnerships and Innovation Office of Strategic Partnerships, Innovation, Resources and Engagement Business and Industry Student Opportunities Faculty Resources Search... COVID-19 Updates A to Z Directory UMaine Calendar Give Now UMaine Map UMaine News Career Opportunities myUMaine Faculty and Staff Resources Student Resources Title IX Student Services Emergency Information UMaine Police Quicklinks Search... Discover Your Tomorrow Deposits due May 1. Enrollment deposits from admitted students are due by May 1. Submit your deposit Let the adventure begin Apply by March 1 for priority consideration Apply today Play Become a Black Bear UMaine Black Bears are creating change through internationally recognized research. With the help of our world-class faculty and first-rate facilities, students develop the skills needed to build their future. Our campus in Orono, Maine—the safest state in America according to U.S. News & World Report—is located near some of the best year-round recreation sites in the nation. Learn more Apply today Visit campus Learn more Scholarships Learn more Parents and family Learn more Explore UMaine’s regional campus in Machias The University of Maine at Machias is the state’s coastal university, where the land and sea, communities and natural ecosystems provide the context for a unique learning and living experience. Learn more about UMaine Machias Success after graduation Based on ’22 First Destination Survey 95% of graduates are employed, continuing their education or are in service 84% of graduates are working in a field related to their major 72% of in-state graduates are working in Maine Discover your future career With more than 100 degree programs available through our colleges and graduate school, you will find your future career at UMaine. Unique opportunities like Research Learning Experience give first-year undergraduates a pathway to collaborate with friends and faculty on important research. Our undergraduates work with faculty conducting fieldwork around the globe — from the North Atlantic to the Antarctic — and intern throughout Maine and beyond to put their coursework into practice. Learn more about academics Academic areas Learn more Majors and programs Learn more Affordability Learn more 100+ majors and academic programs 16:1 student-faculty ratio 150+ research institutes, centers and labs Research thatdrives progress The University of Maine advances learning and discovery through excellence and innovation in its academic and research programs while addressing the complex challenges and opportunities of the 21st century through research-based knowledge. We are Maine’s public research university. Faculty, staff and students conduct research in every county in Maine, across the nation, and on all continents and in oceans worldwide. Learn more about research Global impact, local relevance UMaine is a Carnegie R1 top-tier institution, a classification that reflects UMaine’s commitment to cutting-edge research, innovation and academic excellence. Our internationally recognized programs allow us to address workforce needs and advance the social and economic development in Maine and beyond. Learn more Research center and institutes UMaine is home to a diverse range of research centers and institutes, each dedicated to advancing knowledge and addressing real-world challenges. Learn more Find your people here Experience new adventures and make new friends! With tons of student clubs and organizations, access to beautiful forests and waterways right on campus, and an action-packed campus events calendar, you’ll be hard-pressed to find a bored student at UMaine.Students and faculty from around the country and the world make the UMaine community one of the most diverse in the state. Learn more about campus life Community and events Our campus is a hub of activity, fostering connections and collaboration. Join us at one of our upcoming events. From academic symposiums to cultural festivals, there’s always something exciting happening at UMaine. Learn moreView events Maine’s NCAA DI program From the roar of the crowd at Alfond Arena during hockey season to the exciting matchups on Morse Field, experience the thrill of Black Bear athletics. Learn more Get informed, stay connected Read the latest on the incredible stories and research coming out of UMaine. Looking to find updates on events, podcast episodes, and more? It’s all right here. Read news Recent news Alfond Foundation providing $80 million for athletic facility upgrades Read storyVisit news website UMaine researchers use GPS-tracked icebergs in novel study to improve climate models Read story Butler named 2024 UMaine Distinguished Professor Read story New Wabanaki basketry lexicon will give Indigenous communities a say in cultural representation Read story ⨉ Facebook LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Apply Student Resources Nondiscrimination notice Privacy Policy Clery Safety and Security Report COVID-19 health and safety guidance Emergency University of Maine | Orono, ME 04469 | 207.581.1865 Top