The University of Texas at Dallas Skip to main content Info For Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Family & Visitors DFW Community Resources Galaxy Login eLearning CourseBook Email Map Events Academic Calendar News Directory Library EZPay Help Desk Human Resources Accessibility Make a Gift Search MENU About Us Academics Admissions Costs, Scholarships & Aid Campus Life Research Info For Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Family & Visitors DFW Community Resources Galaxy Login eLearning CourseBook Email Map Events Academic Calendar News Directory Library EZPay Help Desk Human Resources Accessibility Make a Gift About Us Academics Admissions Costs, Scholarships & Aid Campus Life Research Scenes of students, staff, faculty and graduates on campusStudent blowing bubbles on the campus mall, wearing a yellow UTDallas shirt. Future Comets Start Your UTD Journey Today First Year Students Transfer Students Graduate Students Apply Visit Donate News Department Adopts New Name for Modern Studies of Earth Sciences Study: How Peer Pressure Can Last into Adulthood Study Takes Wider View at Households, Children’s Language Development Cool Tech: Polymer May Be Key to More Energy-Efficient Buildings More News from UTD Today Campus Health Promotion We are Comets United in our commitment to supporting healthy behaviors, protecting our campus and protecting us all. Campus Features Explore Our Campus Housing & Campus Life Housing & Campus Life Day or night, UTD is abuzz with energy. Comets attend events at the Plinth, join organizations with new friends and kick back in their residence hall suites. Explore Campus Life Athletics & Recreation Athletics & Recreation Since 2015, the NCAA Division III Comets have won 20 titles, competing in 17 sports. University Recreation offers intramural sports, indoor and outdoor facilities, and fitness classes. Explore Athletics & Recreation International Appeal International Appeal International students make UT Dallas a better place. Every step of the way, we make becoming a Comet a smooth transition for all. Explore Resources & Programs You Are Welcome Here You Are Welcome Here We are home to one of the most diverse student bodies in the country. UTD is a richer community thanks to our students’ varied experiences, cultures and values. Our Diverse Campus UTD on Amazon Prime Video See Our Episode Learn how Comets are growing intellectually and bonding with new friends over shared interests. Watch the College Tour YouTube Playlist Events 54th Annual Scholars’ Conference on the Holocaust and the Churches March 4 2024 Primary Elections March 5 Open Education Week March 6noon to 2 p.m. No-No Boy Concert March 67:30 to 9:30 p.m. Spring 2024 Dance Collections March 7-9 — This dance performance features the UTDance Ensemble with special guests, including Dallas College Brookhaven Campus and Collective Arts Center Performance Company. More Events #3 Best Public University in Texas (U.S. News & World Report) 3,900+ Students earning internships each year (ORC) 66% Graduating seniors have no student debt compared to 32% in the nation (2021 TICAS Report) More Fast Facts My UTD Roopal DharBiological Sciences Watch as this international student conducts breast cancer research, interacts with students as a teaching assistant and finds time to exercise at the Activity Center. View My UTD UTD Campaign New Dimensions The New Dimensions campaign aims to build upon a half-century of momentum, propelling our University’s growth and success through the next 50 years and beyond. Help UT Dallas create new dimensions of impact around the globe by supporting our efforts to attract the best and brightest students, enhance lives through transformative research and transform the arts at UT Dallas. Give Today 800 W. Campbell RoadRichardson, Texas 75080-3021 972-883-2111 Copyright Information © The University of Texas at Dallas Questions or comments about this page? Stay Connected with UT Dallas Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Resources Emergency Preparedness Forms Campus Carry Campus Police Required links Tobacco-Free Campus UT System Texas Veterans Portal Work at UT Dallas Parking Nondiscrimination Policy Title IX Initiatives Org. Chart A-Z Index Student Achievements HEERF Reporting Counseling/Mental Health Safety Hazing Prevention Public Course and Syllabus Information Privacy Policy