iBiology | 500+ biology short films, talks & animations Top Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footeriBiologyBringing the World's Best Biology to YouVideos Courses Educators Newsletter About News Contact Donate Search our library of 500+ biology short films, talks, and animations: Search Free Biology VideosWe produce free biology videos for higher education and evaluate our content in undergraduate and graduate classrooms. Find a Video Free Online CoursesWe offer free professional development and research skills courses for early career scientists and trainees. Browse Courses Free Educator ResourcesWe provide free educator resources for our content, from learning objectives to our popular monthly newsletter. View Resources What Indigenous Wisdom can teach us about Microbial WorldsIn the final film of our Marvelous World of Microbes series, Hawaiian microbiologist Kiana Frank takes us to a sacred fish pond and explains how traditional knowledge and microbiology can work together to help us understand how to care for and manage the land. Watch Film View Educator Resources Microbes Make Electricity?Many researchers were skeptical until a trailblazing microbiologist jolted the world of science. Watch Film View Educator Resources Fighting Antibiotic Resistance with Phage TherapyThe age-old struggle between bacteria and their viruses (phages) is giving researchers innovative new tools to keep us healthy. Explore this exciting scientific research in our short film from our new series, the Marvelous World of Microbes. Watch Film View Educator Resources New Clip on Homology-Directed RepairIn this fun animated clip, scientists describe how the cell edits DNA after a CRISPR-induced break in an accessible way. Watch Clip View All CRISPR Resources New Film on Nobel Prize Winners!From a walk in Puerto Rico to a historic Nobel Prize, “Good Chemistry” traces the ground-breaking collaboration between Jennifer Doudna and Emmanuelle Charpentier. Their experiment changed science forever. Watch Film View Educator Resources The Most Beautiful Experiment: Meselson and StahlMatt Meselson and Frank Stahl were in their mid-20s when they performed what is now recognized as one of the most beautiful experiments in modern biology. Watch this film to learn how they devised the groundbreaking experiment, what it was like to see the results for the first time, and how it felt to be at the forefront of molecular biology research in the 1950s. Watch Film View All Short Films New Course on Mentoring!In this free course, scientists from different backgrounds give concrete steps to building a mentoring network so you can be a more confident researcher and feel supported by your graduate school research community. By the time you’re finished, you’ll have completed a plan to develop your network of mentors, who will help you succeed in graduate school and beyond. Check out the Course View All Courses Want more educator resources and science films? Sign Up for Email Updates iBiology is part of the Science Communication Lab. FooterFind a Video Search All Videos Search YouTube Short Films All Videos All Playlists All Speakers Videos in Other Languages Topics Biochemistry Bioengineering Biophysics Cell Biology CRISPR-Cas Technology Development and Stem Cells Ecology Genetics and Gene Regulation Human Disease Immunology Microbiology Neuroscience Plant Biology Professional Development Techniques For Educators Educator Newsletter Educator Resources CRISPR-Cas Technology Short Films Flipped Courses Online Courses Resources All Educator Resources Educators Recommend Cells of the Immune System Discovering Cell Cycle Regulators Genome Engineering with CRISPR-Cas9 Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium Next Generation Sequencing Semi-Conservative Replication of DNA Toll-Like Receptors in Adaptive Immunity Free Courses Free Online Courses Take a Free Course Learn Microscopy Intro to Microscopy Flipped Courses Career Development Professional Development Courses Professional Development Talks Career Exploration Biomedical Workforce NRMN Resources Best of iBiology CRISPR-Cas Technology Short Science Films Free Online Courses Meselson and Stahl Doudna & Charpentier’s Nobel Prize Decoding Ancestral Knowledge Top Series Short Films Microscopy Series Short Microscopy Series Famous Discoveries Bench to Bedside Share Your Research About Us About Us Our Mission Contact Us Science Communication Lab Financial Conflict of Interest Policy This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of General Medical Sciences under Grant No. 2122350 and 1 R25 GM139147. Any opinion, finding, conclusion, or recommendation expressed in these videos are solely those of the speakers and do not necessarily represent the views of the Science Communication Lab/iBiology, the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, or other Science Communication Lab funders. © 2024-2006 by the Science Communication Lab · All content under CC BY-NC-ND 3.0 license · Privacy Policy · Terms of Use · Usage Policy This website uses cookies to remember you and improve your experience. To find out more see our Privacy Policy.Accept