CDLLife | The World’s Largest Truck Driving Community NEWS Top Stories Videos JOBS MOBILE APP Companies SHOP Log in Trucking News & Entertainment March 4, 2024 Dash cam shows Idaho trooper running for his life from ‘inattentive semi-driver’ March 4, 2024 Watch as Truckee tow drivers dig out dozens of big rigs buried by blizzard March 4, 2024 Mulch dumped as yet another semi truck dangles off overpass March 4, 2024 VIDEO: Tractor trailer loses dually tires right in front of cop March 4, 2024 Pants stolen right off driver’s body as thief robs Brinks truck March 4, 2024 VIDEO: Clueless car hauler hits three railroad bridges View More News Our Commitment to Drivers We recognize the daily sacrifices of the men and women working tirelessly to provide for both our families and theirs. Our team is committed to providing industry news, opportunity, tools, and community for millions of drivers every day. Providing Support to the Backbone of our Nation CDLLife is the largest online community of truck drivers in the United States – offering transportation industry news, entertainment, jobs, and more. Making Life on the Road Easier We’ve bundled together our community feed with all the tools needed to plan your day. – From a trip planner with GPS navigation, to parking, weather and more. Download the App Taking the Work out of the Job Search Our tailored approach to matching drivers with great companies is unparalleled. Looking to make a change? Search now to match with companies that work for you. Browse Trucking Jobs Not a driver? Explore solutions to simplify the recruiting process. With the largest online community of CDL-A holders, we make it easy for companies to connect with drivers. Explore CDLConnect A game-changer in attribution analysis - it's free! The attribution tool that helps you optimize your marketing efforts and increase your revenue. Explore Clarity Sign in to your CDLLIfe account to ! Sign In No thanks News Top Stories Videos For Drivers Trucking Jobs CDLLife Apparel Store CDLLife Mobile App CDLLife Shop Partners LiveTrucking Veterans in Trucking Privacy Policy & Terms