Artland Magazine: Stories Dedicated to Contemporary Art Newest Articles The Wrong Biennale: Editor’s PicksIn Conversation With Leading Art Market Expert and Best-Selling Author Magnus ReschIn Dreams — Symbols and Rituals in the Photography of Flor Garduño250 Years of Caspar David Friedrich: Romanticism, Resonance and ReflectionNan Goldin – Revolutionizing Photography Through Daring Intimacy Top Articles The 30 Most Popular Modern & Contemporary ArtistsNude Photography Pioneers Whose Work was a Source of Scandal10 Controversial Artworks That Changed Art HistoryInstallation Art: Top 10 Artists Who Pushed the Genre to Its LimitBest Contemporary Landscape Artists Art Movements Art Nouveau Conceptual Art Dadaism Expressionism Harlem Renaissance Impressionism Op Art Pop Art Surrealism Symbolism All Art Movements Artworks For Sale Sign Up Now With an Artland profile you can - Buy original artworks - Create your own art wishlist - Upload your art collection - Receive exclusive insights on the art world Search START TYPING AND PRESS ENTER TO SEARCH Newest Articles The Wrong Biennale: Editor’s Picks In Conversation With Leading Art Market Expert and Best-Selling Author Magnus Resch In Dreams — Symbols and Rituals in the Photography of Flor Garduño 250 Years of Caspar David Friedrich: Romanticism, Resonance and Reflection Nan Goldin – Revolutionizing Photography Through Daring Intimacy Top Articles The 30 Most Popular Modern & Contemporary Artists Nude Photography Pioneers Whose Work was a Source of Scandal 10 Controversial Artworks That Changed Art History Installation Art: Top 10 Artists Who Pushed the Genre to Its Limit Best Contemporary Landscape Artists Art Movements Art Nouveau Conceptual Art Dadaism Expressionism Harlem Renaissance Impressionism Op Art Pop Art Surrealism Symbolism All Art Movements Artworks For Sale Sign Up Now With an Artland profile you can - Buy original artworks - Create your own art wishlist - Upload your art collection - Receive exclusive insights on the art world Search The Wrong Biennale: Editor’s PicksDiscover our picks from the world’s largest online art biennial, which encourages experimentation and artistic growth in an accessible manner. Running through March 31st. 29. February 2024 In Conversation With Leading Art Market Expert and Best-Selling Author Magnus ReschDescribed as an 'art advisor in your pocket' a new book helps art lovers navigate the world of collecting. We spoke with the…22. February 2024 In Dreams — Symbols and Rituals in the Photography of Flor GarduñoOpening on February 15, a pop-up exhibition in London brings together selected works by acclaimed Mexican photographer Flor…12. February 2024 250 Years of Caspar David Friedrich: Romanticism, Resonance and ReflectionExplore the life of Caspar David Friedrich, his work and legacy, including major exhibitions and events celebrating his 250th…2. February 2024 See all The Artlander See all Newest interviews In Conversation With Leading Art Market Expert and Best-Selling Author Magnus ReschDescribed as an 'art advisor in your pocket' a new book helps art lovers navigate the world of collecting. We spoke with the…22. February 2024 Nevena Prijic on Her Creative Process, Inspiration and a New Mural at the Worcester Art MuseumLA-based artist Nevena Prijic combines a futuristic aesthetic with ancient references. 15. December 2023 Interview: Simon Elliott, Creator of Hockney’s First-Ever Graphic BiographyIn conversation with Simon Elliott about his latest illustrated book, 'Hockney: A Graphic Life.' 5. December 2023 See all Artists in focus Nan Goldin – Revolutionizing Photography Through Daring IntimacyA journey through the artist's practice, from The Ballad of Sexual Dependency to the current exhibition at Stedelijk Museum. The Other Thom Yorke: The Visual Art of the Radiohead StarDiscover the visual art of Radiohead's Thom Yorke, whose series of paintings, created with Stanley Donwood, seem to be vibrating with sound. Tracey Emin: Art that Imitates Life, Traumas and Everlasting LoveRead about Tracey Emin, the British artist known for her provocative confessional art. See all Most popular articles The 30 Most Popular Modern & Contemporary Artists 10 Controversial Artworks That Changed Art History Nude Photography Pioneers Whose Work was a Source of Scandal 5 Collage Artists: Contemporary Views on the Medium Top 10 Light Art Artists in Modern and Contemporary Art Best Contemporary Landscape Artists Top Van Gogh Paintings Everyone Should Know Banksy Street Art: The Artist’s Best Graffiti – Essential City Guide Feminist Art: History & Most Relevant Artists Appropriation! When Art Inspires Other Art Installation Art: Top 10 Artists Who Pushed the Genre to Its Limit The Monochrome: A History of Simplicity See allArtland MagazinePowered by Artland and founded in 2017, Artland Magazine is an online publication featuring art, voices and ideas shaping the art world today. Product Artworks for Sale Exhibitions Galleries Artists Company About Terms of Service Privacy Policy Partnership Artland for Galleries Digital Media Services Support Contact © Artland Group ApS. All rights reserved.