Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum - Top Nashville Experience and Tours Museum View Cart Open navigation Close navigation Enter search keywords Search Collections Exhibitions About Donate Membership Account Cart Museum Tickets Hall of Fame Back Hall of Fame All Members Current Hall of Fame Class Election Process Induction: Medallion Ceremony Circle Guard Hall of Fame Class of 2023 Patty Loveless Bob McDill Tanya Tucker Experiences Back Experiences Calendar Exhibitions Family Activities Public Programming CMA Theater Hatch Show Print Historic RCA Studio B Haley Gallery Calendar View the Geoff Tate & Adrian Vandenberg event page. Geoff Tate & Adrian Vandenberg 5 Mar 7:30 PM View the Songwriter Session: Mark Miller and Mac McAnally event page. Songwriter Session: Mark Miller and Mac McAnally 9 Mar 12:00 PM View the Musician Spotlight: John McEuen event page. Musician Spotlight: John McEuen 10 Mar 1:00 PM Current Exhibitions Learn more about American Currents: State of the Music. American Currents: State of the Music Learn more about Patty Loveless: No Trouble with the Truth. Patty Loveless: No Trouble with the Truth Learn more about Eric Church: Country Heart, Restless Soul. Eric Church: Country Heart, Restless Soul Learn more about An American Masterwork: Thomas Hart Benton’s "Sources of Country Music" at 50. An American Masterwork: Thomas Hart Benton’s "Sources of Country Music" at 50 Go to previous slide Go to next slide Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Visit Back Plan Your Visit Get Tickets Calendar Directions, Parking, and Hotels Group Tours Museum Policies and FAQ Admission for Locals Field Trips Venue Rental Contact Us Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 222 Rep. John Lewis Way S Nashville, TN 37203 (615) 416-2001 Hours Closed Now Open Daily 9 AM - 5 PM CT Museum Map Learn Back Taylor Swift Education Center Family Activities at the Museum Fun at Home Schools and Teachers School and Teacher Programs Plan a Field Trip Homeschool Programs For Students Teacher Resource Portal Community Groups Community Partners Libraries Scouts Songwriting Programs Words & Music for Schools Words & Music: Journey of a Song Songwriting Tune-Up Songwriting Camp Listen to Songs Taylor Swift Education Center Support Back Support Museum Membership Volunteer Internships Corporate Sponsors Our Donors Donate Become a Member Every dollar donated to the Museum, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, supports its educational mission: to collect, preserve, and interpret the evolving history and traditions of country music. Watch & Listen Back Explore History Online Exhibits Videos Podcasts Shop Back Shop The Museum Store Archival Prints Books Hatch Show Print Western Edge Exhibit Merch Hall of Fame Collection Gifts and Home Free shipping with $50 Purchase | Members Save 10% On Every Order, Join Today Museum Tickets Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum The House That Holds The Music MUSEUM TICKETS Plan Your Visit UPCOMING EVENTS View All Geoff Tate & Adrian Vandenberg 5 Mar 7:30 pm Songwriter Session: Mark Miller and Mac McAnally 9 Mar 12-12:45 pm Musician Spotlight: John McEuen 10 Mar 1-1:45 pm Songwriter Round: Pat Alger with the Entrepreneur Latina Leaders of America Songwriters 16 Mar 12:00-1:00 pm Go to previous slide Go to next slide Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Announcements American Currents: State of the Music Now Open Learn More Willie Cole: Lyrical Reconstructions Exhibition Opens March 28 Learn More An American Masterwork: Thomas Hart Benton’s "Sources of Country Music" at 50 Learn More Current Exhibitions View All Go to previous slide Go to next slide Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Go to slide 5 Go to slide 6 Go to previous slide Prev Go to next slide Next Western Edge: The Roots and Reverberations of Los Angeles Country-Rock Western Edge examines the close-knit communities of Los Angeles-based singers, songwriters and musicians who, from the 1960s through the 1980s, embraced country music, frequented local nightclubs, and created and shaped the musical fusion known as “country-rock” – ultimately making an indelible and lasting impact on popular music. Learn More American Currents: State of the Music The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum’s annual exhibition American Currents: State of the Music offers a broad look at country music and its place in American culture over the past year. The latest installment, open now through February 2025, features music and moments from cozy clubs to arena rafters. View Exhibition An American Masterwork: Thomas Hart Benton’s "Sources of Country Music" at 50 An American Masterwork: Thomas Hart Benton’s “Sources of Country Music” at 50 explores Benton’s process in creating his final painting, which was commissioned by the Museum in 1973. The exhibit includes sketches, drawings, lithographs, photographs, and a three-dimensional model of the painting, along with a 1975 video of Benton speaking about the mural. Learn More Patty Loveless: No Trouble with the Truth Patty Loveless: No Trouble with the Truth explores the influential career and enduring music of Patty Loveless. From staking out a distinctive place in country music beginning in the 1980s to her talent for finding memorable material and her embrace of traditional influences, this exhibit illustrates Loveless’s role in the genre through personal and career artifacts, photos, interviews, and more. Learn More Eric Church: Country Heart, Restless Soul Eric Church: Country Heart, Restless Soul, presented by Gibson, is now open. This new exhibit traces Church’s life and career—from his North Carolina roots and experience as a Nashville songwriter to his place as one of country music’s revered rule breakers. Learn More Dick Curless: Hard Traveling Man from Maine Known for his expressive baritone voice and hard-traveled authenticity, Dick Curless was one of the most versatile and powerfully eloquent singers of his time. Dick Curless: Hard Traveling Man from Maine explores the singer’s life and career, from his rural Northeast upbringing and popular truck-driving songs of the ’60s-’70s, to his critically acclaimed 1995 album, Traveling Through. Learn More Help Support Our Mission Every dollar donated to the Museum, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, supports its educational mission: to collect, preserve, and interpret the evolving history and traditions of country music. Make a Donation Become a Museum Member Hall of Fame Members View All Go to previous slide Go to next slide Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Go to slide 5 Go to previous slide Prev Go to next slide Next Patsy Cline One of the best-selling female country singers of the twentieth century, Patsy Cline achieved iconic status following her tragic death at age thirty in 1963. Cline was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1973, and is frequently invoked as a standard for female vocalists, having inspired scores of singers including k. d. lang, Loretta Lynn, Linda Ronstadt, Trisha Yearwood, and Wynonna Judd. Learn More DeFord Bailey DeFord Bailey was an influential harmonica player in both country music and blues, one of the Grand Ole Opry’s most popular early performers, and country’s first African-American star. Learn More Brooks & Dunn Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn—performing together as Brooks & Dunn—charged onto the country music scene in 1991. They went on to become the best-selling country duo of all time, with forty-one Top Ten hits (including twenty #1s) and two decades of packing concert arenas. They collected a mountain of music-industry honors, including two Grammys, nineteen CMA awards, and twenty-five ACM awards. Learn More Reba McEntire Reba McEntire ranks as the most successful female country performer of her generation, and she has been cited as a role model by nearly every successful woman to follow in her wake. She has achieved more than fifty Top Ten singles and more #1 country albums than any other female artist. McEntire has won CMA Female Vocalist of the Year four times and was CMA Entertainer of the Year in 1986. She also has won three Grammy Awards, and in 2018 received the prestigious Kennedy Center Honors for her lifetime of contributions to American culture. Learn More Hank Williams Hank Williams’s legend has long overtaken the rather frail and painfully introverted man who spawned it. Almost singlehandedly, Williams set the agenda for contemporary country songcraft, but his appeal rests as much in the myth that even now surrounds his short life. Learn More Expand Your Experience The Museum experience is home to the Hall of Fame Rotunda, offers world class exhibitions, and so much more—from live music and family activities, to tours of Historic RCA Studio B and the iconic Hatch Show Print, a working letterpress print shop since 1879. Studio B Hatch Show Print CMA Theater Visit The Museum’s Online Store Country music is often a state of mind — and a state of being. The Museum’s online store offers custom merchandise that can include apparel, exclusive music, books, limited edition instruments, and unique gifts for shoppers from all walks of life. Some offerings are specially curated around our exhibit experiences, allowing for Museum memories that never fade. Set your own personal stage and history here. Browse Shop You are now leaving Country Music Hall of Fame You are now leaving our website and onto another web property, which may include a different set of terms or conditions. We will open the website in a new tab for your convenience! Continue Nevermind We use cookies in the following ways: (1) for system administration, (2) to assess the performance of the website, (3) to personalize your experience, content and ads, (4) to provide social media features, and (5) to analyze our traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Please consult instructions for your web browser to disable or block cookies, or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer or mobile device. Read our Privacy Policy. That's Fine Close GDPR alert COUNTRY MUSIC HALL OF FAME AND MUSEUM Visit Country Music Hall of Fame 222 Rep. John Lewis Way SNashville, TN 37203 Call Country Music Hall of Fame (615) 416-2001 About Museum Policies and FAQ Accessibility Press and Media Venue Rental Careers & Internships Contact Us Visit Our Online shop Newsletter Sign Up Follow Us Visit our Facebook page. Visit our Twitter page. Visit our Instagram page. Visit our YouTube page. ©2024 Country Music Hall of Fame. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use