Eskimo North | Your Home on the Internet +1 206 812-0051 Eskimo North Your Home on the Internet +1 206 812-0051 Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home Web Apps Friendica Social Hubzilla Social Host Desktop or Terminal Mail RainLoop RoundCube SquirrelMail Mastodon Social NextCloud Ruptime Rwho Traceroute Yacy Uncensored Search Your IP Services Access UUCP E-mail Linux Visual Shell E-Mail Business Hosting Packages Personal Hosting Packages Virtual Private Servers Virtual Domains Support Dial Setup DSL Setup E-mail Mail Settings FAQ Remote Desktop Tickets Usenet News Website Support Links Customer Websites Directory of Censored Information Freedom Platform Freenet Friendica Gab Hubzilla Social Ice Fishing Jab Free Jobs Larouche PAC Learn OpenGL Linux Graphics Programming Liberty Council Linux.org Minds MorgueFile Nanook’s Home NC Renegades NiceGUI No Vax Mandate Open Clip Art Open Source Open The Books Pocketnet Qanon Radio Garden Red Balloon – Connect with Vax Free Employers Shoreline Weather Stardrive.org Jack Sarfatti Post Modern Physics Tech Rights The Highwire News Truth for Health W3 Nu Validator W3 Schools Information About Our Hosting Contact History Link To Us News Payments Privacy Policy Reviews User Meetings Games Defender Games Eskimo Arcade Y B Bored Shell Trial Issues Home Eskimo North Fast Hosting Linux Friendly Virtual Private Servers, Shell Accounts, and Hosting. Tired of dealing with Godaddy, Hostgater, BlueHost? Contact Us! Our Servers have full support for https and http/2. Knowledgeable human assistance via phone, e-mail, or tickets. Call Us Now at (206) 812-0051 or (800) 246-6874. Web Apps Web based applications. These are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as Web Mail, phpMyAdmin, a Java SSH Shell, forums, StatusNet, Traceroute, and Your IP. Services Information about the services we offer; Shells with remote desktop and sound, fast Web Hosting, Web Design, PC work, DSL, ISDN, and Dial access and other services. Support Setup e-mail and Usenet news clients, customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing. Setup X2Go, OpenNX, NX player, and other remote desktops and configure DSL and 56k dial-up accounts. Help with websites, frequently asked questions, and trouble tickets. Links Links to Customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including Linux resources, useful information about building websites, and local resources relating to Shoreline and the surrounding Puget Sound area resources. Information The Information section contains information about our history, contact information, eskimo news, information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service. Games There are three games sections, Eskimo Arcade, games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, I’m working on that, and two external sites Y B Bored (ybbored.com), and Defender Games (defender-games.net). Web Apps Web based applications. These are programs that actually run and display in your browser, such as Web Mail, phpMyAdmin, a Java SSH Shell, forums, StatusNet, Traceroute, and Your IP. Services Information about the services we offer; Shell accounts with remote desktop capability and sound, Web hosting, Web Design, PC work, DSL, ISDN, and Dial access and other services. Support Setup e-mail and Usenet news clients, customize spam filters, including white listing, black listing, setting the sensitivity threshold and other tweaks. Setup X2Go, OpenNX, NX player, and other remote desktops and configure DSL and 56k dial-up accounts. Help with websites, frequently asked questions, and trouble tickets. Links Links to Customer pages as well as many useful resources on the web, including Linux resources, useful information about building websites, and local resources relating to Shoreline and the surrounding Puget Sound area resources. Information The Information section contains information about our history, contact information, eskimo news, information and graphics for linking to us (we always appreciate that), payment information and also various customer review sites where you can find independent reviews of our service. Games There are three games sections, Eskimo Arcade, games contained within our main website, presently is mostly broken as the result of a switch to https, I’m working on that, and two external sites Y B Bored (ybbored.com), and Defender Games (defender-games.net). Check it out, explore, let me know of anything you think would make it better. Try it out on your Smart Phone, it’s all responsive and mobile friendly. Some of the webmail options work on some SmartPhones. If the default webmail doesn’t work well for you, try the RoundCube or RainLoop alternatives. If neither of those work well, there is a ownCloud mail client that works very well on mobile devices. Eskimo North, P.O. Box 55816, Shoreline, WA 98155 Tel: 206-812-0051 Join the Blue Ribbon Online Free Speech Campaign! Recent Posts Server Issues Posted on February 24, 2024 by nanook Reply We had an issue with the web server eating itself after an upgrade introduced a library that conflicted with a library I had compiled in order to enable http2 protocol before Ubuntu included it in their distribution. I ended up having to restore this server from backups and bring it forward again, removing the offending library in advance so that this would proceed properly. I upgraded the server to php 8.1, however some apps even which were supposedly 8.1 compatible did not work. It suggests a problem with our 8.1 install. I am working to remove existing users and apps from this server and transferring it to a new server. I am laying some things out differently, in particular some webapps, like roundcube, which are presently https://www.eskimo.com/roundcube, will instead get their own subdomain, https://roundcube.eskimo.com/. There are several reasons for this. First, it allows each to exist in the root directory of it’s subdomain, most code doesn’t care but there are some applications that do. Second, it allows each application to have it’s own .htaccess file so I can tailor the server environment for that specific application. Third, it allows moving applications to different servers for load balancing reasons. I am upgrading some servers to 24.04 early just because it has more compatibilities with a lot of my self-compiled libraries than does 22.04 which is two years old now. There are some elements of 24.04 that are improvements, but pretty much all the systemd bugs from 22.04 were retained. There seems to be a new bug in which NIS reports to systemd that it’s up and running about three seconds before this is actually the case. This causes issues with applications depending upon NIS to be running first. I’ve worked around this by adding automatic restarts to services thusly affected, so that if they fail to start the first time, they will restart three seconds later. Posted in Uncategorized | Leave a reply Carl Jung Comments Off on Carl Jung SSH Key Vulnerability Comments Off on SSH Key Vulnerability Outage Comments Off on Outage 6.1.57 Kernel Borked Comments Off on 6.1.57 Kernel Borked Stability or the Lack Thereof Comments Off on Stability or the Lack Thereof Outage Comments Off on Outage While we were not able to add a Diaspora at this time, We DID Add a Mastodon Instance Comments Off on While we were not able to add a Diaspora at this time, We DID Add a Mastodon Instance Diaspora Comments Off on Diaspora ﻿﻿Interruption Tommorrow Comments Off on ﻿﻿Interruption Tommorrow Privacy Policy Proudly powered by WordPress