Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism | Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism Skip to main content Home News News Our long reads RISJ in the News Our podcast Research Research All research Digital News Project Trust in News Project Changing Newsrooms Fellowships Fellowships Our programme Journalist Fellows How to apply Journalist Fellows' Papers Our reading list on journalism Leadership Leadership Our programmes How to reshape our newsrooms Our Authentic Leadership podcast series Events Events Our seminar series Our research webinars Digital News Report launch events Reuters Memorial Lecture Digital Deep Dives About About What we do People Our funders Annual Reports Job vacancies Privacy Policy Our governance Main Navigation Second Row Digital News Report Digital News Report Executive summary Interactive Country data Lee en español Trends and Predictions Changing Newsrooms Our Climate Network Our Climate Network Our network Our members Advisory Board Global South Climate Database Essay series Search Try searching forMisinformation Subscriptions Fact-checking Leadership Search Try searching forMisinformation Subscriptions Fact-checking Leadership 2024 Reuters Memorial Lecture Full text of A. G. Sulzberger's Reuters Memorial Lecture: Journalistic independence in a time of division On 4 March Sulzberger delivered the 2024 Reuters Memorial Lecture in Oxford. You can watch his lecture or read the full text by clicking here. Read a summary of the panel discussion that followed the lecture Lee la conferencia de Sulzberger en español Read our interview with A. G. Sulzberger | Lee la entrevista en español Read Sulzberger's views on: the Innovation Report | layoffs in US newspapers | editorial independence | the Times' coverage of Gaza | covering Trump | the Times' opinion section | the rise of generative AI Read and watch Reuters Memorial Lectures from previous years: Carlos F. Chamorro | Alessandra Galloni | Patrícia Campos Mello | Rebecca Corbett | Siddharth Varadarajan | Marty Baron | Melissa Bell Research How many news websites block AI crawlers? Research looks at how many and what type of news websites are blocking AI crawlers from companies such as OpenAI and Google. News I created an AI tool to help investigative journalists find stories in audit reports. Here’s how I did it and why it matters Filipino journalist Jaemark Tordecilla created a custom GPT to advance watchdog journalism. He hopes it inspires colleagues in other countries. News Protests stopped a big mining project in Panama. Media coverage was scant The issue was ignored or covered poorly by news outlets in Panama and in Canada, the country where the company is based. We tried to find out why. News This nonprofit is using virtual reality to train Ukrainian journalists to cover the war safely “In a virtual situation, you can imagine the decisions you will make,” says Katerina Sergatskova, who set up the VR programme. signup block Sign up to our free newsletter Latest Join our seminars Sign up for our global journalism seminar series, chaired by Mitali Mukherjee and Caithlin Mercer. image/svg+xml 28 February Event Six years of #MeToo reporting: what we've learnt 1.00pm, Wednesday 28 February 2024 image/svg+xml 05 March Event Politics & data in India's general election 1.00pm, Tuesday 5 March 2024 image/svg+xml 13 March Event Identifying Africa's untold climate change stories 1.00pm, Wednesday 13 March 2024 image/svg+xml 14 March Event Europe at war – And how the world reacts to it 1.30pm, Thursday 14 March 2024 image/svg+xml 10 January Event Satirical strategies: exposing corruption with humour 2.30pm, Wednesday 10 January 2024 image/svg+xml 17 January Event That's just not cricket: sports journalism that challenges the status quo 1.00pm, Wednesday 17 January 2024 image/svg+xml 24 January Event Sowt: an Arab podcasting movement 1.00pm, Wednesday 24 January 2024 image/svg+xml 31 January Event Why you should be pay attention to the Indonesian election 9.00am, Wednesday 31 January 2024 image/svg+xml 07 February Event Fear is just a word: journalistic challenges in Latin America 1.00pm, Wednesday 7 February 2024 image/svg+xml 14 February Event Methodologies for tracking and reporting AI 1.00pm, Wednesday 14 February 2024 image/svg+xml 21 February Event Two years gone: Lessons from Ukraine coverage 1.00pm, Wednesday 21 February 2024 Load More From our Fellows Research Bridging the gender gap: a call for change in UK's news camera crews BBC Cameraperson Maxine Collins outlines steps to address a gender imbalance in roles behind the news camera.&nbsp; Research Tracing the Orthodox Church's role in Putin's war Natalia Dubtsova's analysis of 58 sermons delivered by Patriarch Kirill between February 2022 and May 2023&nbsp; finds four rhetorical phases that align with Kremlin messaging. Research Navigating malign influence campaigns: a guide for journalists and newsrooms 'Washington Post'&nbsp;journalist Regine Cabato takes stock of lessons gained during the 2022 Philippines presidential election. Research Five pressures facing Indigenous journalists (and what to do about it) This project by our Journalist Fellow Bridget Brennan looks at why so many Indigenous journalists quit newsrooms and at how to avoid it. Research Intersectional travel journalism and why it matters Clara Lock, travel correspondent and assistant life editor for 'The Straits Times', believes it’s time to reimagine travel journalism.&nbsp; Research Rethinking the journalist-PR dynamic in modern media Dutch investigative journalist Ton van der Ham muses on the increasingly strained relations between press and PRs&nbsp;– who wins in the end? Load More Journalism worldwide News Breaks, grief and community: how to protect yourself when sifting through graphic visuals Experts Andrea Lampros and Alexa Koenig on how journalists can safeguard their health while confronted with distressing imagery. News BBC senior verification expert on debunking Israel-Hamas war visuals: “The volume was beyond anything I’ve ever seen” “You have to be 100% certain before publishing and show the audience why something is false,” says Shayan Sardarizadeh.&nbsp; News Why Tucker Carlson interviewed the eccentric frontrunner of Argentina’s election After speaking with leaders in Hungary, Brazil and El Salvador, Carlson flew to Buenos Aires to meet this outsider. Three experts explain why. News Five burned out journalists on why they left their dream jobs Reporters from Argentina, Brazil, Panama and the UK explain the reasons why they quit.&nbsp; News A Kremlin mouthpiece at the heart of Africa: how Afrique Média helps Putin court audiences in their own language This Cameroon-based outlet reaches millions through linear TV and boasts over one million followers on their social channels. &nbsp; News As Pakistan approaches a crucial election, its media watchdog bans critical voices from TV “A regulator created to safeguard public interest and improve ethics has turned into an instrument of censorship,” says editor Raza Rumi.&nbsp; News AI and journalism: What's next? Expert David Caswell on why generative AI may transform the news ecosystem and how journalists and news companies should adapt. News How a young sports news site published a crucial scoop that brought down Rubiales From its launch in 2022, Relevo focused on covering women’s football. When Spain won the Women’s World Cup, that early bet paid off.&nbsp; News “It won’t stop at Kashmir,” says a senior editor about a key news site being blocked “The message is for all journalists in India. As long as you are toeing the government, you will be fine,” says Anuradha Bhasin. News A WhatsApp course taught older Spaniards to spot misinformation and it worked The course, created by MediaWise and Newtral, was assessed by researchers from the University of Navarra.&nbsp; News Tips from the author of AP guidelines on how to cover AI "As journalism about AI becomes a staple of reporting across beats, it's key to think about basic journalistic questions," says Garance Burke. News African podcasters are now recognised globally. Can they transform this success into a viable business? As the medium becomes more popular in the continent, new startups create engaging shows and explore solutions to make them endure.&nbsp; News Tips from the author of AP guidelines on how to cover AI "As journalism about AI becomes a staple of reporting across beats, it's key to think about basic journalistic questions," says Garance Burke. News The year-long fight of a Filipino news site against red-tagging and state censorship Blocked by the government and shadow-banned by Facebook, Bulatlat managed to stay afloat thanks to the support of readers and donors.&nbsp; News Journalists punched, kicked and tear gassed: inside ‘the darkest month for Kenyan media’ In March 2023 at least 25 reporters were attacked by both protesters and police forces. Some of them explain their experience in this piece. News “Politicians across Africa use social media to target their critics. Platforms are complicit” Award-winning journalist Hannah Ajakaiye speaks about her fight against misinformation in Nigeria and beyond. News These voices from Peru and Kenya explain how they deliver the news on TikTok Gretel Kahn spoke with TikTok content creators from Peru and Kenya, as well as with a researcher on non-professional journalism for this piece to explore the rise of a new form of citizen journalism that’s become a significant news source for many.&nbsp; News As Cambodia approaches a crucial election, journalists suffer shutdowns and abuse The government recently revoked the licence of an influential news outlet. The crackdown against journalism has accelerated ever since.&nbsp; News Indian TV channels show the live shooting of convicted criminals. What does it say about the medium? “We TV anchors live for such a story,” said a 37-year-old anchor at a leading Hindi news channel who was facing the camera as the live feed of the killings came in. News How to keep doing journalism with press freedom under siege: five tips from India and Hungary Ritu Kapur and Peter Erdelyi explain how their outlets have managed to stay afloat and do impactful reporting amid democratic decline. News How the BBC fact-checks celebrity deaths (and other prominent news stories) “Audiences want to understand how editorial decisions are made in a newsroom and how things are verified,” says reporter Daniel Rosney News Born on Facebook, The Queer Muslim Project reaches LGBTQIA+ audiences in Asia and beyond "Since the beginning, storytelling has been at the heart of our work," says founder Rafiul Alom Rahman, who leads a small creative team. News Despite abuse and sexism, women journalists in Somalia are fighting back to do their job Fathi M. Ahmed, Maryan Seylac and Muthoki Mumo discuss the challenges they’ve faced from studying in secret to harassment from colleagues. &nbsp; News How Bellingcat collects, verifies and archives digital evidence of war crimes in Ukraine Nick Waters, who documents civilian harm caused by Russia’s invasion, explains how his team ensures their findings will stand up in court.&nbsp; News A matter of life and death: the dangers of being a journalist in Somalia today “They target me because they know that will send a chilling message,” says journalist Abdalle Ahmed Mumin, imprisoned for doing his job.&nbsp; News Will AI-generated images create a new crisis for fact-checkers? Experts are not so sure Eliot Higgins, Marilín Gonzalo, Felix Simon and Valentina de Marval discuss the challenges posed by software such as Midjourney and Dall-E. News Is ChatGPT a threat or an opportunity for journalism? Five AI experts weigh in Francesco Marconi, Madhumita Murgia, Charlie Beckett and two startup founders discuss the impact of generative AI on the news industry. News How The Marshall Project uses Reddit to reach new, underserved audiences Audience director Ashley Dye explains how this outlet, whose main focus is reporting on criminal justice, is using this platform. News Forced out from print and airwaves, news media in Venezuela shift to digital to survive As legacy news outlets close due to government pressure, independent news sites keep reporting despite legislation and internet blockages. News This newspaper covers health and science in Swahili for local audiences in Tanzania “We need a publication that can communicate scientific research to the masses,” says Syriacus Buguzi, founder of MwanaSayansi.&nbsp; News This newspaper removes reporters from their beats for months to create multimedia projects Saemmool Lee, Head of Digital Innovation of South Korea’s&nbsp;Dong-A Ilbo, explains the reasons behind the initiative.&nbsp; News Before global outlets paid attention, this small site had been digging into Adani Group for years despite lawsuits and threats Funded by an Australian non-profit, Adani Watch focuses exclusively on Investigating India’s conglomerate. Its journalists are paying the price.&nbsp; News “As we cover the Nigerian elections, we should be truthful, factual and accurate” Dapo Olorunyomi, founder of ‘Premium Times’, on misinformation, investigative journalism and press freedom in his home country.&nbsp; News How a Spanish startup became the second biggest European news publisher on TikTok Co-founder Daniela McArena explains how Ac2ality’s four-people team creates engaging news videos and how it makes money from them.&nbsp; News The most dangerous place to be a journalist is not an active war zone but Latin America 2022 was the deadliest year for journalists in the region in two decades, with Mexico and Haiti leading the count. Will this change in 2023? News How a newspaper and a museum partnered to create a project on the Dutch colonial past With the help of the Rijksmuseum, ‘De Volkskrant’ is running a year-long exploration of colonisation and its impact around the world. &nbsp; News Inside the attack on Brazil’s Capitol, where reporters were chased, insulted and beaten At least 16 reporters were assaulted in Brasília throughout the riots. A journalist who covered them tells what he and his colleagues saw.&nbsp; News How RFE/RL avoids censorship by reaching audiences on Telegram in Russia and Iran Digital Strategy Manager Alina Živanović explains how her outlet runs 30 channels to engage with users in authoritarian countries. News As Bolsonaro emulates Trump, Brazilian journalists struggle to cover his supporters Researchers and editors discuss how the news media should report on a movement whose goal is to replicate the assault on the US Capitol.&nbsp; News Before the attack on Brazil's Capitol, Lupa was already debunking lies on TikTok Head of Product Marcela Duarte explains the thinking behind the strategy of her news site on this visual platform and beyond.&nbsp; Load More #DNR23 Explore the Digital News Report 2023 This year's report offers new insights on social media, news avoidance and reader revenue, and explores how news participation has evolved over the years. | Read the executive summary | Download a PDF version | Watch our video summary | Explore the report in hundreds of slides | Watch our launch events Our podcast episode on the report featuring Nic Newman and Rasmus Nielsen. | Listen on: Spotify | Apple | Google Report chapters On algorithms and news By Richard Fletcher On the evolution of news participation By Kirsten Eddy On the sources and drivers of media criticism By Craig T. Robertson On the importance of public service media By Rasmus Nielsen and Richard Fletcher On the reach of news podcasts By Nic Newman Five reasons for evidence-based optimism from the report The findings from the Digital News Report 2023 are challenging for publishers, but there are also a few silver linings, writes Rasmus Nielsen Lee el informe íntegro en español Nuestro análisis con sus gráficos en esta lengua global.&nbsp; Explore data from your countryCountry Europe United Kingdom Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Portugal Italy Turkey Netherlands Romania Switzerland Norway Slovakia Sweden Poland Spain Asia Pacific Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore South Korea Taiwan Thailand North America United States Canada Latin America Argentina Brazil Chile Colombia Mexico Peru Africa Kenya Nigeria South Africa How to fix climate journalism Read this essay series from members of the Oxford Climate Journalism Network News Newsrooms should develop a mental health strategy to help climate journalists cope It’s time to recognise that climate reporting can have a serious mental impact, says Seigonie Mohammed at CCN TV6 in Trinidad and Tobago News To cover climate change well, journalists must be prepared to identify what misinformation looks like Climate denial is much less common. But climate “delay” can take many forms, argues Gerhard Maier News When it comes to “green” finance, journalists must be willing to dig behind the jargon To beat greenwashing, go back to journalistic basics,&nbsp;argues Alexandre Karghoo News Climate journalists need to connect the dots between climate change and the invasion of Ukraine Countries are already feeling the links between fossil fuels and economic dependence, says Baktygul Chynybaeva News To cover the aftermath of extreme disasters, journalists must start covering what we cannot rebuild Journalists need to help communities truly adapt to change, says Rob Chaney, managing editor of the Missoulian in the US.&nbsp; News To cover climate change in resource-strapped newsrooms, journalists need to embrace collaboration In Ghanaian newsrooms, collaborative projects offer a chance to pool resources and produce more ambitious climate stories.&nbsp; News To report fully on climate change, journalists need to integrate Indigenous knowledge into their coverage This week's essay argues that&nbsp;“Two-Eyed Seeing” is crucial to showing audiences what’s really happening in a warming climate. News To cover climate change, journalists need to find creative ways to fund long-term reporting The latest essay from our Climate essay series argues that grants and fellowships offer chances to make the case for climate reporting News Climate journalists need persistence to get good data, including from governments Climate coverage needs good information—and journalists often need to use persistence to get it.&nbsp; News To make climate change resonate with audiences, connect it to their heritage and culture Stories that touch on our identities can convey the risks of a warming climate to audiences in new ways.&nbsp; News Journalists should help audiences understand extreme weather – even when they lack climate data We can still help our audiences understand extreme weather patterns even when we lack an attribution study.&nbsp; News To report on climate change where coal is king, journalists need to focus on solutions The first essay from the 'How to fix climate journalism' series argues that focusing on solutions can help sidestep polarisation—even in a country where coal is king.&nbsp; News Introducing the ‘How To Fix Climate Journalism’ Essay Series A new essay series from alumni of the Oxford Climate Journalism Network around the world offers advice on how to produce better climate coverage. Load More Our research As the industry changes, we track the ever-shifting trends, aiming to connect rigorous academic research with the practical experiences of professional journalists, media managers and policy-makers. Changing Newsrooms Our annual report on how news organisations are responding to the challenges of attracting talent, increasing diversity, and managing hybrid work. Trust in News Project The Trust in News Project looks at trust in digital news in Brazil, India, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Journalism, Media, and Technology Trends and Predictions Our report looks at the trends shaping the news media in the year ahead. Load More Explore our content image/svg+xml Misinformation image/svg+xml Reader revenue image/svg+xml Fact-checking image/svg+xml Leadership About the Institute The Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism is dedicated to exploring the future of journalism worldwide through debate, engagement, and research. What we do We host practising journalists and researchers from all over the world, and connect them with professional peers and leading academics from a wide range of different fields. Our governance The Reuters Institute’s constitution commits us to providing an independent forum for exchanges between practitioners and analysts of journalism, and all those affected by it. Our funders Our core funding comes from the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Beyond this, we receive support from a wide range of other funders including foundations, non-profits, and industry partners. Load More Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism University of Oxford 13 Norham Gardens Oxford, OX2 6PS United Kingdom Privacy Policy, Accessibility statement Get in touch T: +44 (0)1865 611080 E: reuters.institute@politics.ox.ac.uk With core funding from