Lennox About Sustainability Investors Careers Contact Us Newsroom Residential Homeowners & Dealers Commercial Businesses & Contractors A History of Innovation and… the pursuit of Perfect Air Lennox (NYSE:LII) is a leading worldwide provider of climate control solutions for air conditioning, heating, and refrigeration. We have built our business on a heritage of integrity and innovation dating back to 1895. 1/8 The Ultimate System for Perfect Air The Ultimate Comfort System™ combines the best of the Dave Lennox Signature® Collection to create an unprecedented whole-home comfort system that seamlessly and intelligently works together to stay finely tuned to your home and deliver consistently clean, perfect air. Learn More 2/8 Learn More 2/8 Indoor Air Quality Perfect air is about more than just how it feels, but what it contains. Lennox offers a range of advanced air purification, filtration, humidity control and ventilation systems to help ensure the air inside your home is as clean, healthy and comfortable as you'd like it to be. Start Saving 3/8 Start Saving 3/8 Lennox® Smart Thermostats Lennox offers a suite of technologically advanced controls and zoning products designed to help you customize the air in your home and tune your system to your personal degree of perfection. Explore Smart Thermostats 4/8 Explore Smart Thermostats 4/8 Variable Refrigerant Flow Unlock the potential of your commercial spaces with Lennox VRF – tailored to meet the diverse needs of various structures and industries. Low sound levels make for effective classroom learning environments, and better temperature control lets every office, common area or apartment stay comfortable. Explore the full Line 5/8 Explore the full Line 5/8 Air Quality Elevate your business environment with Lennox HVAC solutions, addressing one of the top five environmental risks identified by the U.S. EPA – poor indoor air quality (IAQ). With options that regulate humidity levels and effectively eliminate contaminants, Lennox HVAC solutions create a healthier workspace for your team and customers. Learn more 6/8 Learn more 6/8 Indoor Comfort Elevate your commercial climate control with ComfortSense thermostats, offering a seamless and efficient temperature management experience. Designed with advanced features, heightened application flexibility, and energy efficiency, these commercial thermostats are tailor-made to optimize the performance of your Lennox rooftop equipment. Learn More 7/8 Learn More 7/8 Total Cost of Ownership The CORE Unit Controller reinvents the service process to optimize unit operation and energy efficiency in real-time at the touch of your fingers through The CORE Service App. See why Lennox rooftop units, powered by the CORE Unit Controller, deliver a lower total cost of ownership when you consider energy bills, maintenance, and unit lifetime. Start Saving 8/8 Start Saving 8/8 Explore Residential and Commercial Solutions by clicking the arrows right and left. Explore Residential and Commercial Solutions by using finger gesture. Residential Benefit: We believe that the key to a healthy, comfortable home starts with the air with which we live and breathe. We make the air cooler, warmer, dryer, cleaner and better with premium, award-winning systems that are exceptionally quiet and energy efficient. Residential Benefit: We believe that the key to a healthy, comfortable home starts with the air with which we live and breathe. We make the air cooler, warmer, dryer, cleaner and better with premium, award-winning systems that are exceptionally quiet and energy efficient. Residential Benefit: We believe that the key to a healthy, comfortable home starts with the air with which we live and breathe. We make the air cooler, warmer, dryer, cleaner and better with premium, award-winning systems that are exceptionally quiet and energy efficient. Commercial Benefit: We understand the complexity of creating better air. We make it easier to specify, access, install, and maintain the right solution for a variety of applications. Commercial Benefit: We understand the complexity of creating better air. We make it easier to specify, access, install, and maintain the right solution for a variety of applications. Commercial Benefit: We know that indoor climate influences how we work, shop, dine, and play. We deliver better air to buildings in a wide range of applications through industry-leading products and solutions. Commercial Benefit: We know that indoor climate influences how we work, shop, dine, and play. We deliver better air to buildings in a wide range of applications through industry-leading products and solutions. Lennox Residential Perfect Air Realized We believe that the key to a healthy, comfortable home starts with the air in which we live and breathe. We make the air cooler, warmer, dryer, cleaner and better with premium, award-winning systems that are exceptionally quiet and energy efficient. All brought to you by Dealers armed with the expertise and resources to deliver complete home comfort. Follow Lennox Residential HAVC Explore Products for Homeowners From heating and cooling to air purification and effortless controls, Lennox delivers nothing short of perfect air. Locate a Lennox dealer near you to take your home comfort to the next level. Browse Products Utilize Tools and Resources for Dealers Elevate your HVAC business with cutting-edge digital solutions, view our complete online product catalog, and order parts and supplies with confidence at LennoxPros.com. Stock Up Now Partner With Us Become a Lennox Dealer Lennox is in the Business of You. That means You, having the most advanced products in the industry, with direct access to fast answers, backed by nearly 130 years of experience, and above all, You, having more success. Become a Dealer Lennox Commercial Building Better Air Enjoy a seamless sales experience, comprehensive technical support, and best-in-class service through Lennox’ factory-owned distribution network, unmatched in the HVAC industry. Our award-winning HVAC products are engineered with performance for the end-user, serviceability for the technician, and deliver on premium Lennox standards. Follow Lennox Commercial HAVC Find a Commercial Contractor Contractor Locator Experience top-tier customer service when you select an industry-leading Lennox Commercial Alliance contractor from the brand you trust. Find Contractor Explore Commercial HVAC Equipment Lennox Product Catalog Explore the full Commercial product catalog, access technical documents, view training and service options, and more. Browse Catalog Preventative maintenance, service, and energy management National Account Services With unmatched coverage and unrivaled expertise, see why Lennox NAS is the premier HVAC service provider for multi-location building owners. Learn More Our Communities We care for our people and communities through incorporating sustainability into our charitable giving, volunteering, inclusive hiring practices and diverse initiatives—all to advance an equitable world. It's in the Air Sustainability We care for our planet and communities. As a company, we strive to reduce our environmental impact, while helping our customers reduce theirs, through innovate solutions, products and services. For our people and communities, we incorporate sustainability into our supply chain, charitable giving, volunteering, inclusive hiring practices and diversity initiatives. Explore our Sustainability Focus Video Link Discover Lennox Over a century of innovation shaping the future of climate technology. Awards & Recognition Accolades We have higher standards. Others think so, too. Year after year, leading institutions choose to award Lennox for our innovative initiatives in product design which helps homeowners define what perfect air means to them. Below you’ll find a few of the recognitions we’ve recently received. Dealer Design Award Lennox Wins Multiple Awards At The 2023 Dealer Design Awards DALLAS, July 25, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lennox, a leading provider of innovative solutions in the H... Read More Good Design Lennox Industries Wins 2022 GOOD DESIGN® Award For Cutting-Edge Heat Pump Technology RICHARDSON, Texas, Jan. 9, 2023 - With a 127-year legacy of industry leadership in energy efficie... Read More Green Builder Lennox Recognized For Corporate Responsibility And Sustainability RICHARDSON, Texas, April 17, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Home comfort solutions company, Lennox, was nam... Read More Back To Top Back To Top Lennox (NYSE: LII) is a leader in energy-efficient climate-control solutions. Dedicated to sustainability and creating comfortable and healthier environments for our residential and commercial customers while reducing their carbon footprint, we lead the field in innovation with our cooling, heating, indoor air quality, and refrigeration systems. Residential HVAC Homeowner Products Find a Dealer Contact Us Blog Media Room Version en Espanol Version Francaise Dealer Pros Support Become a Dealer Commercial HVAC Contractors Products Literature Services Find a Contractor National Account Services Engineer Support Technical Specs Revit Files AutoCAD Templates About Sustainability Investors Careers Suppliers Contact Us Newsroom Connect With Us: ©2023 Lennox International Inc. Site Map Accessibility Statement Privacy Terms & Conditions