Bird news, sightings and reports - BirdGuides Sign up to our newsletter Login Register You have 0 item(s) Latest Sightings Today's News Long Stayers BirdMap Submit a Sighting British & Irish Records Archive Galleries All Galleries Birds All Birds Britain & Ireland Western Palearctic World Notable Photo of the Week Butterflies & Moths Dragonflies & Damselflies Mammals Upload News Articles All Articles Advice Comment Conservation Garden Birds General Birding All Categories Migration Patch Birding Species Profiles Where To Watch Identification Optics Ornithology All Categories Taxonomy Photography Photo of the Week Rare Birds Britain & Ireland Western Palearctic World Review of the Week Travel All Categories Destinations Guide Features Trip Reports Other Wildlife All Categories Mammals Invertebrates Reviews All Categories Apps & Software Books CDs & DVDs Clothing & Footwear Digiscoping Journals & Reports Optics All Categories Binoculars Telescopes Tripods Photography All Categories Cameras Lenses Accessories BirdGuides Memberships Renewals Text Bundle Top-Ups Free Trial Birdwatch Buy Issues Subscribe Renewals About Bookshop World of Birds Holidays Resources Publications World of Birds 2024 Guide to Optics Species Guide Sites Birding Sites Locations England Scotland Wales Republic of Ireland Northern Ireland Africa Antarctica Asia Australasia Central America and the Caribbean Europe North America South America Listing My Lists Species Lists × Sign up for our FREE weekly newsletter... Receive our free weekly newsletter which includes our popular Photo of the Week and Review of the Week features, plus competitions, special offers and much more. Hide message. Register British & Irish Records Archive Browse our searchable database of all rarity records View or Search Records Visit our Store Subscribe to Birdwatch and BirdGuides or browse our huge range of books Subscribe and Save Stay Informed Don't miss our free weekly email newsletter – it's quick and easy to register Sign Up Now First for Bird News Get all the latest sightings, online or on the move Create Alerts Membership Explore membership benefits and choose the perfect package More Details Latest Rarities View all sightings 05/03/2024 17:50 Surf Scoter Cornwall Details 05/03/2024 17:11 Rough-legged Buzzard North Yorkshire Details 05/03/2024 17:04 Pallid Harrier Norfolk Details 05/03/2024 16:55 Kumlien's Gull Highland Details * Bird News Pro and Bird News Ultimate subscribers receive full sighting details. Submit your sighting Have you seen something interesting? Click Submit to share your rare bird sightings via our simple form. Submit Start Your Free Trial Today! Birdwatch and BirdGuides Membership Plans Birdwatch Every issue includes: Comprehensive round-ups of all the rare and scarce birds Informative ID Guides to hone your identification skills Expert reviews and advice on the latest birding equipment. In-depth species profiles, insightful analysis, engaging opinions and inspiring trip reports Plus more! From just 4.99 an issue Choose plan Pro Services included: Instant bird news available on all devices (laptop, mobile, tablet) Full access to the top-rated BirdGuides app Notifications included - no hidden costs Interactive BirdMap British & Irish Records Archive From just £5.00 a month Choose plan Ultimate Includes all PRO Services AND: Email and text alerts, including 100 free SMS messages Keep private and unlimited lists online. Easy to set up and manage Free printed Birdwatch magazine posted to you monthly, worth over £71 a year From just £6.67 a month Choose plan Ultimate Plus COMING SOON Monthly eco-friendly digital issue of Birdwatch magazine, instead of paper Free digital access to every Birdwatch since issue 1 (over 380 issues!) This resource tool is instant and fully searchable Free digital access to our extensive library of special editions PLUS, all other PRO and ULTIMATE services From just £8.25 a month Choose plan * Bird News Ultimate and Bird News Ultimate Plus memberships include 100 free SMS text messages. Bird News Pro members do not qualify for a starter package of SMS messages, but they can be purchased separately here. Annual Bird News memberships cover 365 days from the sign-up date. Start Your Free Trial Today! Sign Up Now Latest News Camera traps reveal 'heartening' farmland bird numbers A project has found the Isle of Man is home to more Tree Sparrows... 05 March 2024 Extravagant plans for Rutland nature reserve Wild Rutland wants to become home to native British species including... 05 March 2024 Sewage discharge causing huge insect losses WildFish surveyed five streams in Cumbria and found all saw a loss of... 04 March 2024 Bird flu kills 30% of Alderney's Northern Gannets The charity believes the population has "not recovered" from an... 03 March 2024 Latest Articles Review of the Week: 26 February-3 March 2024 Wintering goodies continued to attract crowds as the excitement of... 04 March 2024 Photo of the Week: 26 February-3 March 2024 Ashley Howe's delightful Firecrest portrait wins this week's award. 04 March 2024 Captive-bred Egyptian Vultures quickly improve their migration efficiency A tracking study has shown that vultures reared in captivity can... 03 March 2024 Alan Tilmouth: gulls allowed Winter is the perfect time for our columnist to indulge in one of his... 29 February 2024 Latest Reviews ZEISS DTI 1/25, 3/25 G2, 4/35 and 6/40 thermal-imaging cameras As thermal-imaging devices continue their advance on the birding... 05 March 2024 In Eagle Country Rob Hume found plenty to enjoy in this self-published paperback. 27 February 2024 Australian Bird Guide: Concise Edition For the birder visiting Australia this book provides everything you... 20 February 2024 Birdfy Feeder Bamboo Josh Jones was impressed by this hi-tech bird feeder. 13 February 2024 Latest Images Top Back BirdGuides Sightings Report a Sighting Galleries Species Guide Sites Records Archive Content News Reviews Articles Rarity Finders Store Bookshop BirdGuides Subscriptions Free Trial Renewals Text Bundle Top Ups Birdwatch About Index Latest Issue Buy Subscriptions Renewals Digital Edition Help & Support Customer Service Information FAQ Help Videos Contact Us Advertising Policies Competition Terms Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Terms of Use Contributor Terms Complaints Procedure Subscriptions FAQ Advertising Consent Options FAQ Help videos Contact Us Advertising Terms of Use Terms of Sale Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Consent Options Competition Terms © 2024 BirdGuides, Warners Group Publications Plc. All Rights Reserved. Company Registered in England no. 2572212 | VAT registration No. GB 638 3492 15