Skype | Stay connected with free video calls worldwide Skip to main content Microsoft Skype Skype Skype Home Downloads Skype to Phone Skype Number Features Products Meet Now Skype Manager Skype with Alexa Skype for content creators Skype for Business Get help Skype Support Blogs Community About Skype My account Join us More Host a meeting  Skype Chat Icon. ${UNREAD_COUNT} unread messages. Sign in My Skype My account Use Skype online New to Skype? Sign up Sign out Celebrating Skype’s 20 Year Journey Embrace a legacy of communication as Skype marks two decades of connecting hearts across borders to bring smiles and, enabling conversations that transcend miles. Join the global celebration of human connections that have shaped our world. Download Skype Open Skype in your browser Continue as #UserName Celebrating Skype’s 20 Year Journey Embrace a legacy of communication as Skype marks two decades of connecting hearts across borders to bring smiles and, enabling conversations that transcend miles. Join the global celebration of human connections that have shaped our world. Download Skype Open Skype in your browser Continue as #UserName Discover more from Skype Your Chat, Reimagined: Meet Skype Messaging 2.0 ​ We are thrilled to take you on a trip around our new version of Skype messaging. Brace yourself for a complete revamp that promises to redefine your messaging experience. From a modernized Context Menu to a sleek UI redesign, file sharing innovations to a media heaven - we've got it all covered. Learn more Get social with the new Bing in Skype The new Bing in Skype is your AI-powered copilot, and can provide helpful answers to your questions. Whether you need a quick answer or something more in-depth, Bing uses the latest advancements in AI technology to provide you with the most real-time answers and insights. Learn more 20 years of Connecting Miles and Smiles Embrace a legacy of communication as Skype marks two decades of connecting hearts across borders to bring smiles and, enabling conversations that transcend miles. Join the global celebration of human connections that have shaped our world. Learn more How Skype became the link between two college sweethearts From marathon video calls to wedding bells, this couple relied on Skype to stay connected while living thousands of miles apart. Now, they’re live-streaming their wedding for guests on the other side of the world. Learn more Live subtitles Read the words that are spoken during an audio or video call. How to set subtitles Skype Number Get a local phone number in another country or region and answer calls on Skype. Get your number Use Skype to call phones Call landlines and mobiles from anywhere in the world at great low rates using Skype. See our rates The future of Skype: Buttery smooth, fast, playful, & delightful We are presenting plans on improved, faster, less buggy, and super modern looking Skype. We’ve been listening closely to your feedback and below you’ll find some of the highlights we want to bring to you over the next few months. Learn more ​Want to be the hero on your next call? 🦸 Did you know Skype Bing mashup happened? Here are the results - a unique high-quality background images in your Skype calls! And that's not all, you can now kill time by searching up the image and exploring more about the beautiful scenery and places you see on your background! Learn more Coffee shop meetings and family holidays are back — virtually Our brand-new digital environments take virtual get-togethers to a whole new level, so you can travel the world without ever leaving home. Learn more Preserving the connections that matter most with Skype And thanks to Skype, it’s also never been easier. Here’s how people across the globe used technology to stay connected through it all. Learn more Your chats are about to get much better, Skype's new and improved messaging is here! Last month we revealed our big plans for an improved, faster, reliable, and super modern-looking Skype. Now we're making good on our promise by rolling out the first of the new upgrades. Learn more Super Reactions are worth a thousand words Show your support by flashing a thumbs-up or celebrate with a birthday cake and balloons. Learn more Facebook Twitter YouTube Blogs Limited emergency calling Skype is not a replacement for your telephone and has limited emergency calling capabilities depending on your country. Learn more about emergency calling supporting. English EnglishعربيБългарскиČeskyDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEestiSuomiFrançaisעבריתहिन्दीMagyarBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsNorskPolskiPortuguêsPortuguês (Brasil)RomânăРусскийSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文（简体)中文 (繁體) What's new Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Surface Pro 9 Surface Laptop 5 Surface Studio 2+ Copilot in Windows Microsoft 365 Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents Azure for students Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft Industry Small Business Developer & IT Azure Developer Center Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Sitemap Contact us Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads EU Contract Summary Legal © Microsoft 2024