We are the Democratic Party - Democrats DNC Who we are Where we stand Take action Vote Shop Donate en español Democratic National Committee Join Us Email address* Phone number Zip code* Sign up to get texts. By entering your phone number, you are consenting to receive recurring automated text messages & calls from the DNC with news & info about our work. For SMS, message & data rates may apply. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help. Privacy policy & ToS. Submit Who we are What we do Who we serve Our history About the Democratic Party Leadership State Parties Where we stand Party platform The issues Take action Events Trainings Work with us Vote Shop Donate Donate by Mail Contact us Press releases Privacy policy Terms of service Submission Terms Copyright © 2024 DNC Services Corporation All rights reserved. Paid for by the DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE (202) 863-8000 This communication is not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE 430 South Capitol Street Southeast Washington, DC 20003 Proudly Powered by WordPress Democrats We are the Democratic Party. We’re fighting for a brighter, more equal future: rolling up our sleeves and organizing everywhere to build a better America for all. What We Do The DNC is dedicated to building on our wins from 2020 and 2022. We’re working hard to elect Democrats up and down the ballot by empowering grassroots activists, mobilizing voters, and organizing in every ZIP code. Learn more. Biden-Harris Democrats President Biden is working to build a better America by investing in the middle class and bringing down costs for working families. Together, we’ll build our economy from the bottom up and the middle out. Learn more. Donate to Help Elect Democrats The DNC is the only party committee responsible for electing Democrats at every level nationwide. Your support will invest in on-the-ground organizing, voter protection efforts, and more. Click here to donate. Store Every purchase at the official Democrats store helps elect Democrats across the country. Shop our best-selling Democrats apparel, limited-time collections, and accessories. Shop. < > More events Arrow All news Arrow Take action Arrow Play Button Sign up to get the latest. Together, we’ll elect Democrats up and down the ballot. Email address* Phone number Zip code* Join Sign up to get texts. By entering your phone number, you are consenting to receive recurring automated text messages & calls from the DNC with news & info about our work. For SMS, message & data rates may apply. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help. Privacy policy & ToS. We’re dedicated to organizing a grassroots movement in every zip code powered by volunteers like you. Get involved in your community by joining now. Take action There’s more work to do. Let’s elect Democrats across the country. Donate to the DNC We’re officially launching our Democratic Momentum Fund! The money we raise into this fund will be put to use strengthening our efforts to defeat MAGA Republicans and ensuring we have the resources to elect Democrats up and down the ballot -- from the White House to state legislatures, city councils, and school boards across the country. Pitch in to our Democratic Momentum Fund today: Donate $10 Donate $25 Donate $100 Donate $250 Other close Democratic National Committee Join Us Email address* Phone number Zip code* Sign up to get texts. By entering your phone number, you are consenting to receive recurring automated text messages & calls from the DNC with news & info about our work. For SMS, message & data rates may apply. Text STOP to end. Text HELP for help. Privacy policy & ToS. Submit Who we are What we do Who we serve Our history About the Democratic Party Leadership State Parties Where we stand Party platform The issues Take action Events Trainings Work with us Vote Shop Donate Donate by Mail Contact us Press releases Privacy policy Terms of service Submission Terms Copyright © 2024 DNC Services Corporation All rights reserved. Paid for by the DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE (202) 863-8000 This communication is not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee. DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE 430 South Capitol Street Southeast Washington, DC 20003 Proudly Powered by WordPress