Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs | Home Skip to content Close Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs Donate Mobile Close Open Menu JAN 10, 2024 • Journal Online Exclusive Global Justice in a Turbulent World Order with justice is an urgent imperative in our times. Without order, our world will continue to suffer from deadly conflict; without justice, peace will be short-lived, and the gains of development will be enjoyed only by some of the world’s people. Read more. Author Abiodun Williams Professor of the Practice of International Politics, Tufts University 6pm ET, March 19, Virtual • Event 2054, with Elliot Ackerman and Admiral James Stavridis Join Elliot Ackerman & Admiral Stavridis for a "Doorstep" talk on AI, geopolitics, and a dark future that we must do all we can to avoid. FEB 27, 2024 • Video A Carnegie Council Conversation with the UK Home Secretary In this speech, the UK Home Secretary outlined the range of opportunities and challenges faced by countries as a consequence of migration. Hosted by Joel H. Rosenthal FEB 15, 2024 • News Carnegie Council Launches Tool Mapping the Impact of Data Fusion Technology on Freedom, Security, and Human Rights Carnegie Council has released an interactive tool showcasing the civil liberties implications of data fusion technology, particularly with respect to freedom, security, and human rights. By Kevin Maloney FEB 22, 2024 • Podcast Ukraine at the Crossroads, with Maria Popova & Oxana Shevel Ahead of the second anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Maria Popova and Oxana Shevel join "The Doorstep" to discuss shifting war narratives. Hosted by Nikolas K. Gvosdev & Tatiana Serafin FEB 23, 2024 • Article What Do We Mean When We Talk About "AI Democratization"? With numerous parties calling for "AI democratization," Elizabeth Seger, director of the CASM digital policy research hub at Demos, discusses four meanings of the term. By Elizabeth Seger FEB 21, 2024 • Podcast Prepare, Don't Panic: Navigating the Digital Rights Landscape, with Sam Gregory Senior Fellow Anja Kaspersen speaks with Sam Gregory, executive director of WITNESS, about the challenges and opportunities presented by synthetic data, AI-generated media, and deepfakes. Hosted by Anja Kaspersen FEB 14, 2024 • Video Mapping the Impact of Data Fusion on Freedom, Security, and Human Rights This panel discussion, moderated by Senior Fellow Arthur Holland Michel, explores the impact of data fusion and examines ethical questions around its development and use. Hosted by Arthur Holland Michel FEB 5, 2024 • Podcast Human Rights, Security, & the Helsinki Legacy: A Discussion with Peter Osnos This Carnegie Council special event features a roundtable conversation with author Peter Osnos on human rights, security, and the legacy of the Helsinki Accords. Hosted by Joel H. Rosenthal JAN 18, 2024 • Journal EIA Winter Issue: Voluntariness and Migration, Identity Politics, Space Ethics, and more The editors of Ethics & International Affairs are pleased to present the Winter issue of the journal. The issue features a special section on voluntariness and ... Subscribe to the Carnegie Ethics newsletter Our Experts View All Joel H. Rosenthal Joel H. Rosenthal President, Carnegie Council Anja Kaspersen Anja Kaspersen Carnegie Council Senior Fellow, Artificial Intelligence & Equality Initiative (AIEI); IEEE Arthur Holland Michel Arthur Holland Michel Carnegie Council Senior Fellow; AIEI Board of Advisors Tatiana Serafin Tatiana Serafin Carnegie Council Senior Fellow, U.S. Global Engagement Initiative (USGE); Marymount Manhattan College Nikolas K. Gvosdev Nikolas K. Gvosdev Carnegie Council Senior Fellow, U.S. Global Engagement Initiative (USGE); U.S. Naval War College Featured Series Artificial Intelligence & Equality Initiative Can AI be deployed in ways that enhance equality, or will AI systems exacerbate existing structural inequalities and create new inequities? The Artificial Intelligence & Equality podcast seeks to understand the innumerable ways in which AI affects equality and international affairs. The Doorstep A program of Carnegie Council's U.S. Global Engagement Initiative, The Doorstep is an event series and podcast showcasing how global news impacts your daily life. Hosted by award-winning professor of journalism Tatiana Serafin and international relations scholar Nikolas Gvosdev, The Doorstep seeks to broaden listener perspectives on global affairs. Carnegie Climate Governance Initiative (C2G) C2G publishes conversations with experts in three formats: C2GTalk, C2GDiscuss, and C2GLearn. These moderated discussions all explore governance challenges raised by emerging approaches to alter the climate. President's Desk Carnegie Council President Joel H. Rosenthal shares his latest insights and analysis, translating ethics, analyzing democracy, and examining our increasingly interconnected world. From Another Angle Hilary Sutcliffe, a member of the Artificial Intelligence & Equality (AIEI) Board of Advisors, explores fresh perspectives from some of today's most innovative thinkers. They will challenge the foundational understanding of some familiar concepts—such as human nature, democracy, capitalism, innovation, regulation—and bring them to you . . . from another angle. AI for Information Accessibility Podcast AI can be very beneficial to society but if abused it can also be very harmful. The AI for Information Accessibility podcast (AI4IA), therefore, raises a range of issues, including the relationship between AI and law, AI and ethics, AI and media, and the right to knowledge, creativity, and innovation. Global Ethics Review The Global Ethics Review podcast features leading experts from across Carnegie Council's Impact Initiatives, sharing insights on artificial intelligence and technology, migration, climate change governance, and U.S. foreign policy and global engagement. Ethics Empowered Using the power of ethics to build a better world Support Sign up for news & events Contact [email protected] 212-838-4120 170 East 64th Street New York, NY 10065 © 2024 Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs Credits Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy