Celebrity Gossip, Lifestyle, Fashion & Beauty News From Female First × Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Bizarre Competitions Toggle navigation Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Competitions 5 March 2024 Selena Gomez happy with ‘everything’ in her life Selena Gomez is finally happy with “everything” in her life. The singer, 31, who confirmed in December 2023 she had been dating music producer Benny Blanco, 35, for six months, and ... Selena GomezSteve MartinMartin Short 5 March 2024 Travis Barker’s son Landon reveals secret battle with ‘very minor’ Tourette’s syndrome Travis Barker’s son Landon has spent years secretly suffering “very minor” Tourette’s syndrome. The 20-year-old musician, who Blink-182 drummer Travis, 48, had with his ex-wife Shanna Moakler, 48, revealed his diagnosis ... Travis BarkerShanna MoaklerKourtney Kardashian 5 March 2024 Travis Kelce ‘using his clothes to promote Taylor Swift’s upcoming album’! Travis Kelce is said to be using his clothes to quietly promote his girlfriend Taylor Swift’s upcoming album. The Super Bowl-winning NFL star, 34, was recently spotted wearing a grey, beige, ... Taylor Swift 5 March 2024 King Charles back to royal duties amid cancer battle King Charles is back at work amid his cancer battle. The 75-year-old monarch – whose diagnosis with an undisclosed form of the illness emerged last month – was photographed smiling as ... Prince WilliamKing Charles 5 March 2024 Motherhood is a learning experience, says Lindsay Lohan Lindsay Lohan's experience of motherhood has changed her career. The 37-year-old actress has son Luai, seven months, with her husband Bader Shammas, and Lindsay admits that he's already changed how she ... Lindsay Lohan 5 March 2024 Lance Bass: I'm learning to live with diabetes Lance Bass is "learning" how to live with diabetes. The 44-year-old star was diagnosed with the disease amid the COVID pandemic, and Lance is still trying to adjust to his new ... Lance Bass 5 March 2024 Low iron levels in blood cause long Covid Low iron levels have been pinpointed as the cause of long Covid. Millions of people have experienced symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath long after an initial coronavirus infection ... 5 March 2024 Study ruins hopes of finding aliens on Jupiter's Europa moon Hopes of finding alien life on Jupiter have suffered a major blow. Europa, the fourth-largest moon on the gas giant, has long been thought of as a potential location for extraterrestrials ... 5 March 2024 Women who get hugged more are happier in relationships Women who are hugged regularly are more likely to be happy in a relationship. Scientists say that females who receive more embraces, cuddles and touches are likely to be satisfied with ... 5 March 2024 Screen time robs children of speech development Screen time is depriving toddlers of vital speech development. Research has found that the average tot is missing out on hearing more than 1,000 words spoken by adults every day because ... 5 March 2024 Trailer Drop: Timothy Spall & Leanne Best star in 'Bolan's Shoes' Following its acclaimed theatrical run, it’s time to twist and shout and let it all hang out as Bolan’s Shoes – a foot-stomping, heart-wrenching, powerful drama on childhood trauma, family, loneliness and the ... 5 March 2024 YOUR CRYSTAL PLAN by Gemma Petherbridge Crystals are powerful tools, prized for their physical, emotional and spiritual healing properties. But crystals do more than just heal - they can also be used for empowerment, transformation and ... 29 February 2024 The All-new Toyota bZ4X SUV BEV 4 Wheel Drive Kerb Appeal The all-new bZ4X, the first model in a new series of bZ – beyond Zero – battery electric vehicles (BEVs) leads the way for Toyota's electric generation. Kerbside ... 27 February 2024 The most popular games for female players Over the past few years, more and more women have joined the world of online gaming and are taking their first steps into playing online. Just like anyone taking their ... 27 February 2024 Chance to win tickets to attend Birmingham Royal Ballets - The Sleeping Beauty Cursed by a wicked fairy, a beautiful princess pricks her finger and falls into a deep sleep that can only be broken by true love’s kiss. The Sleeping Beauty has been ... 26 February 2024 Breaking Barriers: How Online Gambling is Empowering Women Across the Globe The gambling sector has grown at an exponential rate in recent years, breaking down barriers based on gender and becoming a global phenomenon. Men outnumber women in iGaming, with 64% ... 22 February 2024 Why are we so fascinated by the 1980s? by Martine Bailey by Martine Bailey I’m not surprised that Netflix’s Stranger Things is a huge success. The homage to small town America is littered with 80s nostalgia – teenage fads, cool nerdy stuff, vintage fashion ... 21 February 2024 Richard Oakes’ Blackjack Zero A Kit Car Fanatic’s Dream Richard Oakes is one of the oldest car designers in the UK and has been creating classics since the 1970s. Coming from a family of designers, his father designed logos ... 20 February 2024 Chronograph Watches: The Perfect Balance Between Elegance and Performance Are you a fan of sports and еlеgancе? Do you want a watch that can help you measure time with accuracy and style? If so, you might bе intеrеstеd in ... 20 February 2024 Dare To Be Fair - The Must Read Book For Women Of All Ages Amanda Redman “One of the biggest motivations for me writing my book was the fact that many women in their mid- 60s are retiring in relative poverty, or are having to continue ... 20 February 2024 Women on the Rise in Entertainment: How Women Have Taken New Roles in Gambling Women are underrepresented in many industries, but, as data from Catalyst shows, the tide is turning. For example, the number of women working in the US construction industry increased by 7% ... 19 February 2024 Is Slingo Particularly Popular with Women? Slingo has become a widely-played game among all kinds of players but there are some reasons why it might strike a chord with women. This game is a cross between ... 19 February 2024 The Madame Blanc Mysteries Series 3, & 1 – 3 DVD Box Set WE RETURN to fabulous France for more escapist charm with the marvellous The Madame Blanc Mysteries Series 3. TV favourite Sally Lindsay (Coronation Street, Still Open All Hours, Scott & ... 19 February 2024 V/H/S 94 Arrives on Blu-ray, DVD and digital 26 February 2024 SEMINAL HORROR franchise V/H/S takes us back to the nineties with its fourth wicked instalment, V/H/S/94, that will have you taped to the telly. Dubbed a 'grisly, gory Gem' by ... 19 February 2024 Chance to Win: DARBY AND JOAN SERIES 1 On DVD TWO HOLLYWOOD greats, Emmy® award-winning Greta Scacchi (White Mischief, Bodies) and Emmy® nominated Bryan Brown (Cocktail), team up in the hugely entertaining Darby and Joan. This warm and witty mystery ... 18 February 2024 Gift Boxes: A Treasure Trove Of Delightful Surprises The unwrapping of a gift box is akin to embarking on a treasure hunt, where each layer peeled away brings one closer to the heart of delightful surprises. This excitement ... 18 February 2024 The Trailblazers: Female Powerhouses Leading the iGaming Landscape in 2024 In an industry traditionally dominated by male figures, a dynamic shift is underway, heralding the rise of women who are not just participating but leading and transforming the iGaming sector. ... 15 February 2024 'The Troubles: A Dublin Story' Writer-director Luke Hanlon (Drama) brings a gritty and brutal look at a rarely seen piece of Irish history in his stark and edgy feature The Troubles: A Dublin Story. This film is set for ... 15 February 2024 7 Things I’d Like My Readers To Know About Me - Lorna Dounaeva 1) I love to get up at the crack of dawn I’ve always been an early riser. I prefer not to set an alarm, but I try to go to ... author facts 15 February 2024 5 Female-Dominated Industries to Keep an Eye on 2024 Female-dominated industries are becoming more powerful. They're not the industries that you'd think; women are breaking boundaries. There are still inequalities in some industries, highlighted by McKinsey & Company. There's ... 14 February 2024 What are the Safest Payment Options for Female Online Gamers? It isn’t just guys who love to game. According to one survey, over 40% of gamers are now female. However, concerns over online safety and privacy often deter some women from ... 14 February 2024 “Why having women in tech is essential as AI grows and develops”. Sonal Shah firmly believes more women should be in the tech industry. In this personal piece she talks to Female First about the importance and the urgent need for female ... 14 February 2024 Things I Would Like To Share With My Readers by Kerry Barrett There’s nothing I love more than a story. I come from a family of storytellers, and my Grandma always had a tale to tell – usually about her time as ... author facts 9 February 2024 Understanding Hair Loss: What The Data Shows Hair loss is a common concern that affects millions of people around the world, touching on both men and women with varying degrees of psychological and emotional impact. Its causes ... 9 February 2024 Meat free? Vegan? Omnivorous? Over the last few weeks, I have been listening to a lot of podcasts related to food, nutrition and health. As a professional personal trainer and instructor, I love to ... 8 February 2024 Females are Driving Seismic Shift in the Betting Industry The world of gambling has traditionally been dominated by males, but the sector has experienced a profound shift in recent years as women are increasingly venturing into the betting industry. ... 6 February 2024 Seven Things I’d like my readers to know about me by Author Teri Terry Author Bio: Teri Terry is an award-winning, internationally bestselling author of thrillers for young adults and adults. She has lived in France, Canada, Australia and England at more addresses than ... author facts 3 February 2024 How Quantum AI is Modernizing Commodity Trading Platforms In recent years, the advent of advanced technologies has revolutionized various industries, and commodity trading is no exception. One of the latest innovations that is reshaping the landscape of commodity ... 1 February 2024 Fortunes Of War WWII Thriller Fortunes Of War A British made movie with a contemporary take, continues the current run of WWII genre movies from 101 Films set for release on digital. Fortunes of War is a ... 1 February 2024 Seven things I’d like my readers to know about me By Author Sorrel Pitts 1 The Shadowing Stones, where Callum’s body is found in Broken Shadows, really do exist. Their real name is The Devil’s Den. I first visited the den on horseback with ... author facts 31 January 2024 Shamrock Spitfire From 101 Films Trailer Drop Take flight with Shamrock Spitfire, a multi-award-winning, gripping World War II feature that chronicles the remarkable true story of Brendan “Paddy” Finucane – the legendary Irish pilot who became one of ... 30 January 2024 She Chose Tech by Sonal Shah Every now and then we feel that a book that is particularly good and very relevent may have not recieved the acclaim that it deserved. We have one here that ... 30 January 2024 Top Tier Gaming Without the Cost To Match Gaming is an increasingly popular pastime, but unfortunately it can sometimes feel as if it’s become less and less accessible due to rising costs, hardware limitations and mandatory DLC. But ... 28 January 2024 New research into the safety of car seatbelts during pregnancy, conducted by Toyota New research by Toyota aims to find a way to confirm car seatbelt safety for pregnant women who don’t always feel safe and secure when using them, due to their ... 26 January 2024 Turning Cosy By Author Antony Johnston I’ve been a professional writer for more than twenty-five years, and if you look at my past work you might be surprised to see I’m now writing cosy crime murder ... 25 January 2024 Australian Digital Entertainment Habits Continue to Evolve A recent report by management consultancy specialists Deloitte has highlighted that Australia’s digital entertainment landscape is in a state of flux. Deloitte's Media and Entertainment Consumer Insights 2023 contains some intriguing ... 25 January 2024 7 things I’ve learnt since starting a new career as a writer in my 50’s’ By Liz Webb In my 50’s, during Covid, I changed jobs again. I’d originally worked as a stand-up comic, but had been a BBC radio-drama producer for ten years at that point. Then ... author facts 24 January 2024 Do it with style, but do it right! The answer is: extremely! It is important that you think about which muscle or body part you are trying to work on or train and that this is where you ... Competitions Chance to win tickets to attend Birmingham... The Madame Blanc Mysteries Series 3, & 1... V/H/S 94 Arrives on Blu-ray, DVD and... Chance to Win: DARBY AND JOAN SERIES 1 On... Hidden Assets is back with Series 2... Anne Rice's Mayfair Witches Season One... Shudder's hit Creepshow Season 4 + 1 - 4... All Creatures Great & Small released to DVD... Hot Articles Sofía Vergara posts string of sexy snaps... Sarah Ferguson overjoyed her daughter... Competitions Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Contact Us Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Change Consent © 2024 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved. duration : 0.21281s v4.2 - 2024-03-05 22:28:06