APPA Home | American Pet Products Association Menu Visit us on Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Instagram About APPA Mission & Vision Staff Board of Directors APPA Gives Back Join Research & Insights Pet Industry Data Insights (NPOS) Industry Trends and Stats Order Instructions for the APPA Store NPOS Data Portal Regulatory Law Library Membership Join/Renew Membership Categories Join Instructions Download Membership Logo Portal Account Login Instructions Member By-Laws Member Spotlight Events & News Events Press Releases Blog We serve those who stand behind our pets I Want To: Join APPA Renew My Membership Learn More About Global Pet Expo See Industry Trends & Stats Standing OutAs the pet product industry’s leading international trade association, membership with APPA is an investment in your company’s future. Upcoming Events All Events The Pet Summit Global Pet Expo Standing ApartMembership provides engagement with pet business experts, visibility to your customers and access to resources to help expand your business in the global marketplace.Join APPA GLOBAL PET EXPOConnect with buyers and distributors from the U.S. and globally. Taking place March 20-24, 2024 at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida.MEDIA EXPOSUREPitch stories and get coverage that can grow your business. MARKET RESEARCHUnderstand how the needs and behaviors of U.S. pet owners impact your product development, sales and marketing.INDUSTRY CONSULTANTSAvailable to provide expert guidance and research to help solve members’ pet business questions. Latest News All News American Pet Products Association Inks Deal to Acquire The Pet Summit Holiday Pet Products to Add to Your Wish List, Courtesy of American Pet Products Association Members “Fall” in Love With Halloween- and Autumn-Themed Pet Products, Courtesy of American Pet Products Association Members New Report: Strategic Insights for the Pet Industry, Pet Owners 2023 & BeyondThe leading resource of consumer insights and market intelligence on the U.S. pet products market and pet owner demographics. Use this trusted, objective and actionable data to make smart business decisions.Learn More What Members Are Saying About APPA APPA gives us the perfect opportunity to showcase our brand, connect with all of our retailers and also launch new products. Bocce's Bakery, You have worldwide buyers, you have major food drug mass buyers, and major pet specialty buyers, maybe independent buyers. It is the place to be. Chuck Latham, H&C Animal Health My membership with APPA can be summed up in three words — NETWORKING, EDUCATION & GROWTH. Kelly Costello, Puppy Cake, Global Pet Expo Exhibitor APPA Gives Back Watch Video Learn More Programs designed to strengthen our industry, increase responsible pet ownership, and build awareness of the joys and health benefits of pets. 225 High Ridge Road Suite W200 Stamford, CT 06905 tel +1 203-532-0000 toll free +1 800-452-1225 fax +1 203-532-0551 about APPA contact APPA terms of use privacy policy site map © 2023 American Pet Products Association, Inc.