Rest of World - Reporting Global Tech Stories Skip to content About Latest Newsletters Rest of World The Rise of AIChina Outside ChinaRegional Champions Creator EconomyEV RevolutionSilicon Valley About Latest Newsletters Explore by Regions Africa Asia China Eastern Europe Latin America South Asia Middle East & North Africa Sections Access & Connectivity Creators & Communities E-commerce Innovation Labor Money Politics The Platform Economy Beats The Rise of AI China Outside China EV Revolution Silicon Valley in Rest of World Creator Economy Regional Champions Sign up for our newsletter Name Email Learn more About us Team news Work with us Support us Platforms Follow us Dark Mode Recent Stories The entrepreneur navigating fintech’s ups and downs for 15 years Bipin Preet Singh is the co-founder and CEO of Indian fintech major MobiKwik. Google’s Gemini problem will be even worse outside the U.S. It’s hard to keep a stereotyping machine out of trouble. Chinese TikTok experts are teaching Americans how to sell Convinced a livestream shopping boom in the West is inevitable, entrepreneurs share Chinese playbooks with aspiring U.S. influencers. How we measured air quality for gig workers in South Asia Rest of World gave pollution monitors to riders in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh so they could gather data on what they breathe. Riders in the smog: Pollution is poisoning gig workers Rest of World equipped gig riders across South Asia with pollution monitors. The readings were off the charts. The CEO who believes Africans must make their own AI tools Pelonomi Moiloa explains why making AI widely available requires building language models that need less data and other resources. Munira Mutaher/Getty Images Silicon Valley in Rest of World After dating app murders spike in Colombia, Match Group offers to help the police Tinder’s parent company attended an unprecedented meeting with the U.S. Embassy and local authorities in Colombia to curb attacks against foreigners. By Austin Landis Regional Champions Nigerian businesses increasingly skip traditional banks and turn to Moniepoint Moniepoint’s payment machines have become ubiquitous across Nigeria. But the company faces competition from Chinese-backed OPay. By Ope Adetayo Creator Economy South Korean streamers struggle with Twitch’s sudden exit The streaming giant attributed its departure to high network fees. By Morgan Sung The Rise of AI The AI project pushing local languages to replace French in Mali’s schools RobotsMali uses ChatGPT, Google Translate, and other AI tools in hopes of helping young students learn faster and stay in school. By Annie Risemberg and Damilare Dosunmu Global Support Our Global Journalism Nearly four billion Internet users live outside the West, building and using tech products & platforms that most Americans have never heard of. By Rest of World Staff Rest of World/YouTube/Instagram Creator Economy Meet the Portuguese-speaking African creators making it big in Brazil Influencers from Africa are moving to the largest Latin American country, where the creator economy is booming. By Matheus Andrade and Daniela Dib Get The Global, our (free) newsletter Sign up and we’ll send you our latest stories, dispatches from our staff, what we’re reading, and more. A world of tech, right in your inbox. Name Email Nipun Prabhakar, Shahzain Ali, and A J Ghani for Rest of World Features Riders in the smog Rest of World equipped gig riders across South Asia with pollution monitors. The readings were off the charts. By Zuha Siddiqui, Samriddhi Sakunia and Faisal Mahmud Read more features: Features The data collection app at the heart of the BJP’s Indian election campaign By Srishti Jaswal Features He was a tech rebel. Then he joined the government By Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani Features YouTube is the last bastion of unbiased journalism in India By Sonia Faleiro Global China: The world’s shopping cart From wildly popular e-commerce apps to the rise of livestream shopping, China is changing the way the world shops. By Rest of World Staff Explore the series: At home with Asia’s shopping influencers By Rest of World Staff How Shein and TikTok Shop are trying to shake the ‘Made in China’ reputation By Peiyue Wu and Daniela Dib How Chinese e-commerce fuels counterfeit fashion in Nigeria By Damilare Dosunmu Digital nomads > When remote tech workers come to town India’s beach paradise Goa is overrun with digital nomads Rents are up, startups are setting up all over the state, but locals can’t get jobs easily. By Sanghamitra Kar P Digital nomads now come first for Mexico City’s gig workers Workers say they’re learning English and cooking less spicy food to suit the tastes of wealthy newcomers. By Samuel Burleigh and Stephania Corpi Arnaud Dubai is a paradise for “digital nomads”— and hell for low-wage gig workers The UAE has eased visa requirements for white-collar freelancers, but migrant gig workers struggle. By Meaghan Tobin and Roohan Ahmed AI in entertainment > Are you not entertained? AI comes for YouTube’s thumbnail industry Creators like MrBeast pay up to $10,000 for a single YouTube video thumbnail, but the rise of AI tools has some designers anxious about the microeconomy’s future. By Nilesh Christopher AI is already taking video game illustrators’ jobs in China “AI is developing at a speed way beyond our imagination. Two people could potentially do the work that used to be done by 10.” By Viola Zhou Fans use AI deepfakes to keep a slain Indian rapper’s voice alive Musicians and lawyers are worried about the wider implications of Punjabi hip-hop artist Sidhu Moosewala’s voice making a comeback. By Yashraj Sharma Rest of World Global 40 trailblazing companies that are beating the West Faster, smarter, more adaptable: these emerging market pioneers are outmaneuvering Silicon Valley for global domination. By Rest of World Staff The price of scammy loan apps > Endless debt and harassment This lending app publicly shames you when you’re late on loan payment Okash, a popular fintech app in Kenya and Nigeria, threatens users to notify everyone on their contact list when you fall behind on your loan payments. By Morris Kiruga Debt and shame via Google Play Illegal loan apps operating in the Google Play store have been harassing and publicly shaming Indian borrowers. By Nilesh Christopher Nigerians blackmailed by loan apps are plotting revenge in Facebook groups Rest of World tracked 11 Facebook groups with members who wanted to get back at loan companies for “debt shaming.” By Sekinat Motunrayo Ojeniyi What's up with WhatsApp > The uses (and abuses) of the world’s top messaging app India’s sex workers turn to WhatsApp, Instagram to find clients safely While these spaces help sex workers gauge their clients before agreeing to meet them, going digital comes with risks. By Qadri Inzamam WhatsApp voice notes are revolutionizing farming in Senegal For farmers in Senegal who struggle to read or write, sending voice notes has unlocked a new world of collaboration across the industry. By Jack Thompson A changing tech landscape makes for weird birthdays online As social media as we know it crumbles around us, birthday greetings have become the province of aunties and corporations. By Alex González Ormerod The Rise of AI How AI reduces the world to stereotypes Rest of World analyzed 3,000 AI images to see how image generators visualize different countries and cultures. By Victoria Turk Africa Nigerian businesses increasingly skip traditional banks and turn to Moniepoint The AI project pushing local languages to replace French in Mali’s schools The CEO who believes Africans must make their own AI tools South Asia The entrepreneur navigating fintech’s ups and downs for 15 years How we measured air quality for gig workers in South Asia Riders in the smog: Pollution is poisoning gig workers Latin America After dating app murders spike in Colombia, Match Group offers to help the police Meet the Portuguese-speaking African creators making it big in Brazil Brazil’s delivery leader opened a facility for assaulted workers. No one’s shown up Middle East & North Africa The best articles we didn’t publish in 2023 The war in Gaza is reshaping moderation rules The chilling power of Gaza’s internet blackout Asia South Korean streamers struggle with Twitch’s sudden exit How Gojek keeps its gig riders close — and away from unions Chinese EV sellers found a loophole to export cars around the world Eastern Europe Tech platforms are suffocating opposition media Why Chinese EV battery manufacturers are flocking to Hungary The tech workers exiled from Europe’s last dictatorship China Chinese TikTok experts are teaching Americans how to sell Want to stop livestreaming? That’ll be $42,000 Parents turn to AI tablets after China’s tutor crackdown AfricaSouth AsiaLatin AmericaMiddle East & North AfricaAsiaEastern EuropeChina> About us Jobs Privacy Policy Platforms Newsletters Donate Contact us © 2024 Rest of World