Macleans.ca - Canada’s magazine Big Stories First Person True Crime Real Estate Culture University Rankings Private School Guide Fall 2023 More Big Stories First Person True Crime Real Estate Culture University Rankings Private School Guide Fall 2023 Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 SJC Media. THE MAGAZINE OUR NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER True Crime First Person Real Estate Culture Big Stories University Rankings Private School Guide Fall 2023 True Crime First Person Real Estate Culture Big Stories University Rankings Private School Guide Fall 2023 Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2024 SJC Media. The Latest Society My retirement project? Building affordable co-housing. Bureaucratic barriers make housing inconvenient and expensive to build. If you get creative, it doesn’t have to be. Society Why Alberta isn’t ready for its population boom Health The Canadian doctor who helped invent Ozempic Technology The Big Idea: Neurochips will fix our brains Society “I fled the war in Ukraine. Now I help other newcomers settle in Canada.” Subscribe to Maclean’s Maclean’s offers something you can’t get anywhere else: deeply reported, compelling longform stories on the most urgent topics in Canada. Subscribe today. Subscribe Now LONGFORM Society How one Canadian tech millionaire built a tiny-home community Marcel LeBrun made millions as a software tycoon, then funnelled his fortune into 12 Neighbours, a planned community of 99 affordable tiny homes in Fredericton. For the city’s unhoused, it’s a chance to turn their luck around. Real Estate The End of Homeownership Society The False Prophet of Edmonton Society Revenge of the Renter Environment Canada in the Year 2060 The Interview Culture Meet Yannick Nézet-Séguin, the maestro behind Bradley Cooper’s Maestro Politics Wab Kinew, Manitoba’s first First Nations premier, wants to start with a clean slate Sports Katherine Henderson, Hockey Canada’s new president and CEO, is in cleanup mode Culture Blockbuster director Shawn Levy is Hollywood’s most reliable hitmaker Real Estate Society I banded together with strangers to buy a group of B.C. cottages Real Estate How this run-down Halifax home became a real-life Barbie Dreamhouse Real Estate The Move: How two Toronto entrepreneurs revamped a retro Nova Scotia general store Real Estate This revamped ’30s-era Montreal duplex has its own Escher-inspired staircase TRAVEL Life The 10 Best Places to Visit in Canada Right Now A lovingly curated collection of under-the-radar vacation spots Trending Society The Rise of the One-and-Done Family Society How one Canadian tech millionaire built a tiny-home community Society Our Toronto churchyard encampment was a safe haven. Then the city cleared it. Society I’m 80 years old and I don’t know when I’ll retire FOOD Food The Best Places to Eat in Canada The country’s 20 most magical restaurants, from the tip of Vancouver Island to the edge of Newfoundland Society Health Paramedics in our Ontario city were burning out. Then, the opioid crisis came to town. Health Why patients are waiting so long in emergency rooms across Canada Culture How Calgary’s Kablusiak made Inuit art pop Culture This new exhibit showcases six decades of quirky Canadian street photography SEE MORE Education Education Why a college degree matters right now College The best college programs for today’s job market College How a college degree is the ticket to a massive career College What these international students wish they’d known before heading to college Fastest-Growing Canadian Charities Sponsored Top 50 Fastest-growing Charities in Canada Sponsored Windmill grows donations with metrics that meet backers’ demands Sponsored No time for complacency as charities emerge from pandemic hibernation Sponsored Pandemic’s devastating effects on seniors help drive donations to long-term care From our partners Sponsored Three things to know about making the most of AI Sponsored What you don’t know about how sex trafficking happens Sponsored How the University of New Brunswick is paving the way for job-ready graduates Sponsored Boosting Canadians’ employability for the clean economy © 2024 SJC Media. About Maclean’s Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Care