The RSA - RSA Welcome to the RSA Donate My RSA Search Close search bar Open menu Close menu Search Search What's on What's on Menu Events Find an event Events FAQs From exclusion to inclusion Event highlight Watch videos of past events Replays Our work Our work Menu Design for Life Our mission Building capabilities Growing hubs Developing infrastructure Interventions Our work All Design for Life interventions Other ongoing research Past projects Awards and grants Albert Medal Bicentenary Medal Catalyst Awards Pupil Design Awards Student Design Awards Royal Designers for Industry Become a Fellow and contribute Latest thinking Latest thinking Menu Research and blogs Reports Blogs & articles RSA Journal Talks and discussion Replays Animations RSA podcasts Unleashing the potential of the UK's cities Report Why learning to fail can teach us to thrive ViDEO Join and support Join and support Menu Join the RSA Become an RSA Fellow 18-25 Fellowship offer Nominate someone Fellow FAQs Your Fellowship How to get involved In your area Support Us Ways of supporting us Corporate partnership Corporate membership Donations & legacies Become an RSA Fellow About About Menu The RSA About us What we do Our people Contact us RSA House Venue hire The Coffee House & library Accessibility Over 260 years of impact RSA House venue hire Donate My RSA Design For Life Enabling people, places and planet to flourish in harmony Learn more Join the RSA Image: 'The Creative (Force)' by Sougwen Chung from RSA Journal. 260 years of significant social change Discover our story 30K Fellows committed to impact Join our community 200 Fellowship projects funded Find out more We are the royal society for arts, manufactures and commerce - a global network of changemakers enabling people, places and the planet to flourish in harmony About the RSA MAKING AN IMPACT Playful green planet Intervention Co-creating nature-based urban learning spaces and activities for 3-5-year-olds to foster nature and community connectedness and care through creativity. Design for Life Awards Intervention Offering collaborative and inclusive learning experiences for children, learners and entrepreneurs helping them grow the capabilities and ideas needed for a regenerative world. Social connections Intervention Working with Meta's 'Data for Good programme' we will leverage insights from Facebook data to better understand how all forms of social connections between people affect the opportunities they have in their lives. We call this ‘social capital’. Inspired by nature Blog 22 Feb 2024 Rebecca Ford,Alessandra Tombazzi,Penny Hay Regeneration: from time lords to transforming cities Blog 12 Dec 2023 Martin Wright A manifesto for the long term Comment 23 Nov 2023 Phillip Ward How can we address the stagnation of social mobility? Blog 27 Oct 2023 Celestin Okoroji More blogs and articles Discover Circle Bringing Fellows together in collaboration on their innovations and our mission. Learn more Upcoming events RSA Central Coffeehouse 2024 Fellowship events 05 Mar 2024 Online Join Central Fellows online once a month to hear from a guest speaker, share ideas, and learn about some of the exceptional projects happening across the region. RSA Scotland Dundee Fellows meetup Fellowship events 05 Mar 2024 Dundee Please join RSA Fellows in Dundee for an informal gathering. Edinburgh Fellows meetup Fellowship events 05 Mar 2024 Edinburgh Please join RSA Fellows in Edinburgh for an informal catch up. More events Visiting RSA House Fellows and the general public can access our Coffee House from the RSA's Durham House Street entrance. Find out more Book a room at RSA House Historic RSA House combines Georgian splendour with high quality contemporary design and is a versatile space suitable for a variety of events. Become an RSA Fellow The RSA Fellowship is a unique global network of change-makers enabling people, places and the planet to flourish in harmony. The Coffee House Coffee, food and connections. An inspiring place to collaborate. LIVING CHANGE APPROACH Shape the future Find out how we unite people and ideas in collective action to create opportunities to regenerate our world. Our proven approach to change For everyone who is passionate about making social change happen. The combination of a stellar public events programme, allied with a brilliant research agenda and a constant willingness to engage with pressing policy questions, means that the RSA is playing a pivotal role in shaping policymaking across the political spectrum. Co-Founder of Hubble and Second Home, previous Senior Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister Rohan Silva RSA newsletter Sign up to discover more about our work Sign up Contact Press Jobs LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram Vimeo The RSA General enquiries: [email protected] / +44 (0)20 7930 5115 Fellowship: [email protected] / +44 (0)20 7451 6939 Venue hire RSA House, 8 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6EZ Booking enquiries: [email protected] / +44 (0)20 7451 6855 Registered Charity in England and Wales 212424 Privacy Modern Slavery Statement Governance Terms and Conditions Cookies Disclaimer © The RSA 2023. All rights reserved