Home | Scholars at Harvard Skip to main content Personal websites created by Harvard scholars using OpenScholar@Harvard, a web publishing service provided by Harvard Web Publishing. Not a Harvard Scholar? Find out how to create a similar site at your institution. Scholars at Harvard Since 2012, Harvard University Information Technology (HUIT) has offered the OpenScholar platform for members of the Harvard community to create websites. As our community’s needs evolve, we’re enhancing our web services to offer new, modern website platforms. Learn more about this transition on our OpenScholar Transition website. If you are looking for a way to create a new website, please contact your local School or Unit through one of the links on the OpenScholar Transition site. Scholars at Harvard Get Your Site Now Home Create Anything Related to an Academic Site CV, bio, publications, blogs, announcements, links, events, image galleries, class materials, presentations. Easy as using a word processor. Get Cited More Automatically have your publications submitted to indices such as RePEc, Computer Science Repository, and Google Scholar. No Technical Knowledge Needed The user-friendly interface for adding and editing content requires no technical knowledge, special software, or HTML. You can edit your site from any computer with an internet connection. Control the Look and Feel of Your Site Move useful widgets in and out of your site; change menus and the overall look of your site in seconds. Category Tagging Organize content and enable visitors to find pages quickly with category tagging. The tools for multi-level category tagging come standard. Pluggable Features Out-of-the-box-ready, content "features," which provide sections of your site. Features can also be set to "private," thus viewable to only members of the site. Collaborate with Your Colleagues Allow commentary on your work by whomever you select. Keep track of colleagues' work. Custom Domains Use your custom domain for your website. Departments and institutes can use their domain for all sites of affiliated scholars. Smart Publishing The built-in content forms and WYSIWYG editor makes it simple to publish. You can begin writing content from almost anywhere on your site. Manage Your Events Build calendars easily. Highlight upcoming events. Content Aggregation Keep the web site fresh by pulling in content from relevant sources using RSS. Scholars at Harvard provides built-in tools for RSS feeds making feeds easy to set up. Get the Word Out Create project announcements, resources, links, RSS feeds. Semantic URLs Increase visibility and optimize the availability of your site's pages in search engines, such as Google and Yahoo! with semantic URLs.All pages are given URLs which correspond to the page's title. No need to suffer with nonsensical web addresses such as: "hdc.do?keyword=something&tabgroupid=icb.tabgroup50611". Interactive Layout Tool Design page layouts using a visual "drag-and-drop" blueprint of the site. The Layout Tool provides an easy (and fun!) way to arrange the content presentation on any site. You can design site-wide default layouts or create unique layouts for different sections of your site. Share with Others Allow sharing of your content on other social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. Analytics Just provide your Google Analytics ID, and data from your Scholars at Harvard site will be sent to your Goggle analytics account automatically. Scholars at Harvard includes complete documentation. Go there now Scholars at Harvard is built on OpenScholar, an open-source web-creation tool developed right here at Harvard. Learn More Recent Activity (more) Jeffrey Frankel edited Page: Recent Publications on Developing Countries 14 hours 56 min ago Jeffrey Frankel edited Page: Developing Countries 15 hours 2 min ago David Scharfstein edited Publication: An Evaluation of Money Market Fund Reform Proposals 15 hours 7 min ago David Scharfstein edited Publication: Dollar Funding and the Lending Behavior of Global Banks 15 hours 8 min ago Davide Napoli edited Publication: Hippias the Sophist: Texts, Translation and Commentary 15 hours 27 min ago Davide Napoli created Publication: Hippias the Sophist: Texts, Translation and Commentary 15 hours 27 min ago Lawrence D. Bobo edited Page: Contact 17 hours 2 min ago Edom Tesfa edited Page: CV 17 hours 39 min ago Muslim Chaplains at Harvard University edited Page: Ramadan 18 hours 8 min ago Robert N. Stavins edited Page: Biography 18 hours 41 min ago Lewis Lab created Person: Amelie Printz 19 hours 43 min ago Soroush Saghafian edited Page: Honors & Awards 20 hours 30 min ago Elena Llaudet edited Page: INSTRUCTOR MATERIALS FOR DSS 20 hours 37 min ago Soroush Saghafian edited Page: Keynotes 21 hours 8 min ago Soroush Saghafian created Page: Keynotes 21 hours 11 min ago David Morin edited Page: Office hours 1 day 11 hours ago Bruce Huang, Ph.D., Ed.D. edited Page: Articles 1 day 12 hours ago Jonathan Benchimol, Ph.D. edited Publication: Central Bank Density Forecasts: Do Higher-order Moments Matter? 1 day 12 hours ago Jonathan Benchimol, Ph.D. created Publication: Central Bank Density Forecasts: Do Higher-order Moments Matter? 1 day 12 hours ago Yu Cheng edited Page: Research 1 day 13 hours ago Peter J. Burgard edited Page: BIOGRAPHY 1 day 15 hours ago Peter J. Burgard created Class: See bio 1 day 15 hours ago David Dockterman edited Page: Profile 1 day 16 hours ago Dr. Dan Wang created Publication: Measurement and model evaluation of solubility of 2-(4-tert-Butylphenyl)-5-(4-biphenyl)-1,3,4-oxadiazole in different organic solvents at various temperatures 2 days 2 hours ago Dr. Dan Wang edited Publication: Interface catalytic reduction of alumina by nickle for the aluminum nanowire growth: Dynamics observed by in situ TEM 2 days 2 hours ago OpenScholar Stats Websites:7222Posts:158802Publications:83246 Admin Login Copyright © 2024 The President and Fellows of Harvard College | Accessibility | Digital Accessibility | Report Copyright Infringement