Amazon Watch | Protecting the rainforest and our climate in solidarity with Indigenous peoples Language: Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Our Work Stop Amazon Destruction Amplify Indigenous-led Solutions Advance Climate Justice News Articles Reports Campaign Updates Press Releases Blog Chevron’s Environmental Crimes: 13 Years of Evasion and Escalation Standing with Indigenous Earth Defenders in the Amazon Guardians Unite: Defending the Xingu Against Belo Sun’s Threat Belo Sun Mining Seeks to Criminalize Amazon Defenders Take Action The Shuar Arutam Have Already Decided: No Mining! Respect Democracy: No Drilling in Yasuní! Stop the Flow of Money to Oil Company Petroperú! Defend Women Earth Defenders of the Amazon! Get Involved Amazon Watch Store Amazon Defenders Fund Power to the Protectors Business Supporters Events About Us Staff and Board Financial Reports and Info All Reports Join Our Team Contact Us Donate Search Our Work Stop Amazon Destruction Amplify Indigenous-led Solutions Advance Climate Justice News Articles Reports Campaign Updates Press Releases Blog Chevron’s Environmental Crimes: 13 Years of Evasion and Escalation Standing with Indigenous Earth Defenders in the Amazon Guardians Unite: Defending the Xingu Against Belo Sun’s Threat Belo Sun Mining Seeks to Criminalize Amazon Defenders Take Action The Shuar Arutam Have Already Decided: No Mining! Respect Democracy: No Drilling in Yasuní! Stop the Flow of Money to Oil Company Petroperú! Defend Women Earth Defenders of the Amazon! Get Involved Amazon Watch Store Amazon Defenders Fund Power to the Protectors Business Supporters Events About Us Staff and Board Financial Reports and Info All Reports Join Our Team Contact Us Donate Search Search OUR MISSION Protecting the rainforest and our climate in solidarity with Indigenous peoples FIND OUT MORE Eye on the Amazon Chevron’s Environmental Crimes: 13 Years of Evasion and Escalation On the 13th anniversary of the historic $9.5 billion judgment against Chevron, Ecuador's current government could betray its own people in favor of big oil interests Thirteen years ago today, Indigenous peoples and other Amazonian inhabitants made climate justice history in Ecuador when, after 18 years of legal battles, they won a $9.5 billion judgment against Chevron Corporation. February 14, 20245,464 views4 min read Standing with Earth Defenders: Protecting Indigenous Lives in the Amazon In the heart of the Peruvian Amazon, Olivia Bisa, the first female president of the Chapra Nation, stands as a beacon of courage and resilience. February 12, 20247,437 views3 min read Guardians Unite: Defending the Xingu Against Belo Sun’s Threat The Gathering was a key moment to reaffirm our collective resistance and understand the realities of communities grappling not only with the disastrous Belo Monte hydroelectric dam but also the looming threat of Belo Sun’s proposed mine. February 6, 20244,611 views3 min read Belo Sun Mining Seeks to Criminalize Amazon Defenders The Canadian gold mining company’s criminal lawsuit attempts to silence and intimidate defenders of the Volta Grande do Xingú, including community leaders, Amazon Watch, and other environmental and human rights activists In a blatant effort to intimidate and silence its critics, Belo Sun Mining has filed a criminal lawsuit targeting more than 30 people – most of them small-scale farmers – as well as community leaders, environmental defenders, researchers, and representatives of Brazilian and international organizations. February 1, 20243,848 views6 min read Recent Reports Amazon Underworld Criminal Economies in the World's Largest Rainforest This report shows how criminal organizations and armed groups have expanded their presence, increased their political control, and diversified their economies in the Amazon with disastrous impacts on Indigenous peoples. November 20235,139 views2 min read Amazon in Focus 2023 Over the last year, hope and progress for the future of the Amazon and climate has been restored. With immense joy and pride, we celebrate recent victories to protect Indigenous land rights with the civil society consultation to keep oil in the ground in the Yasuní National Park in Ecuador and the Brazilian Supreme Court ruling declaring “Marco... Fall 20233,545 views3 min read Unmasking Canada: Rights Violations Across Latin America Amazon Watch was joined by more than 50 civil society organizations to compile three critical reports - covering Regional, Amazonian, and Oil and Gas - under the campaign Unmasking Canada: Rights Violations Across Latin America. August 31, 20232,563 views2 min read News on Indigenous Rights, the Amazon, and Our Global Climate Crisis Following the Money Behind Amazon Oil Development Santander and HSBC worked on Petroperú bond issuance despite its record of Amazon oil spills Financial Times | Local opposition has hampered Petroperú’s plans to start producing crude from two large blocks in the Amazon. For many banks, support for Amazon oil development must look like much more trouble than it is worth. February 19, 2024190 views4 min read Despite Victory in a Historic Referendum, Yasuní National Park Is Again at Risk Ecuador's president announces plans to ignore the popular vote and continue drilling for oil in one of the most biodiverse places on the planet, home to Indigenous peoples living in voluntary isolation The government seeks to upend the will of voters and continue drilling in Yasuní under the pretense of funding the country’s escalating conflict with organized crime. January 30, 20243,489 views7 min read Petroperú Is Desperate for Cash, But We’re Going to End Amazon Crude! The company is now in talks with Citi and JPMorgan Chase, and Indigenous nations tell them again: no new financing for Petroperú! Joining forces with our partners, Amazon Watch is gearing up to launch a series of campaign actions in 2024. Our mission: to ensure financiers, including commercial banks, investors, and insurers, fully grasp the perils of financially supporting Petroperú. January 25, 20246,821 views2 min read Internal Conflict in Ecuador Brings Significant Risks for Indigenous Peoples Ecuador has captured international attention with the recent declaration of an “internal armed conflict" in response to elevated violence. This declaration entails significant risks for human rights and Indigenous territories. January 19, 20242,547 views5 min read Indigenous Rights Battle Resumes in Brazilian Supreme Court The continuing struggle against “Marco Temporal” and escalating anti-Indigenous politics The Supreme Court’s rejection of the Marco Temporal thesis was arguably the most significant victory of the Indigenous movement in the 21st century. It marked the culmination of years of grassroots organizing, legal struggles, and mobilization. January 18, 20243,796 views5 min read Solidarity, Advocacy, and Resistance in the Amazon and Beyond This solidarity grantmaking is built upon a multi-decade track record as a trusted partner among Indigenous nations and local organizations and guided by the principles and cosmology of Indigenous peoples. January 11, 20243,647 views3 min read Investors Must Respect Indigenous Rights to Protect the Amazon Respecting Indigenous Rights: An Actionable Toolkit for Institutional Investors provides investors with a starting point to educate themselves and others about Indigenous rights, as well as practical tools to develop policies, case studies, and data sources to identify and address Indigenous rights abuses. January 5, 2024902 views4 min read Achievements in 2023 Could Signify the Turning Point for the Amazon in 2024 As 2023 closes, it’s time to look back over the many inspiring achievements of the year. Hope and progress for the future of the Amazon and climate have been restored. December 27, 20233,327 views1 min read 2024 Could Be the Endgame for Indigenous Land Rights in Brazil "I will not feel defeated. Defeated are those who are sitting on their hands. We will continue to fight for the demarcation of Indigenous lands. Because those who have territory have a place to go back to, and those who have a place to go back to, have a mother, a lap, and a cure." December 20, 20233,217 views3 min read An Emergency Action Plan to End the Killings in the Peruvian Amazon In collaboration with AISESEP and its most affected federations and other allies, we have issued a call to implement and support nine emergency measures aimed at preventing further murders and combating impunity. December 18, 2023648 views3 min read Indigenous Women Leaders Took Center Stage at COP28 Hope for the path to COP30 as Indigenous women demonstrate effective advocacy, leadership, and solidarity “There are reasons to be hopeful. Lula delivered what he promised as far as deforestation and has promised zero deforestation by 2030. And he is very focused on climate justice – bringing those most vulnerable to the table.” December 14, 20232,476 views5 min read Mining Company Belo Sun Sues Environmental Defenders in Intimidation Tactic, NGOs Say Mongabay | “This is an attempt to silence families and leaders who are on the frontline of the struggle for agrarian reform, and to intimidate national and international networks that monitor and denounce the destruction caused by large enterprises and companies in Volta Grande do Xingu.” December 12, 2023438 views6 min read View more news » "When I give to Amazon Watch, I know the money goes to create actual change. I'll keep giving. Stay bold!" DONATE NOW Amazon Watch is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 1996 to protect the rainforest and advance the rights of Indigenous peoples in the Amazon Basin. We partner with Indigenous and environmental organizations in campaigns for human rights, corporate accountability, and the preservation of the Amazon's ecological systems. Take Action Make your voice heard! When we amplify our demands by acting together, we can bring about real change. Take Action Get Our Newsletter Receive the Eye on the Amazon in your Inbox! We'll never share your info and you can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Follow Us Join the conversation on social networks and participate in our online community. facebook twitter instagram youtube rss © 2000 - 2024 Amazon Watch. All Rights Reserved. Excerpts and links are encouraged, provided that credit is given to Amazon Watch. Unauthorized use of photos, text, or any other content without express written permission is prohibited. Any personal information collected on our website is protected by our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Our Work Stop Amazon Destruction Amplify Indigenous-led Solutions Advance Climate Justice News Articles Reports Campaign Updates Press Releases Blog Chevron’s Environmental Crimes: 13 Years of Evasion and Escalation Standing with Indigenous Earth Defenders in the Amazon Guardians Unite: Defending the Xingu Against Belo Sun’s Threat Belo Sun Mining Seeks to Criminalize Amazon Defenders Take Action The Shuar Arutam Have Already Decided: No Mining! Respect Democracy: No Drilling in Yasuní! Stop the Flow of Money to Oil Company Petroperú! Defend Women Earth Defenders of the Amazon! Get Involved Amazon Watch Store Amazon Defenders Fund Power to the Protectors Business Supporters Events About Us Staff and Board Financial Reports and Info All Reports Join Our Team Contact Us Donate