Trusted Affiliate Marketing Network | ShareASale Skip to content Merchants Solutions Tools Recruitment Support Pricing Agencies Solutions Tools Recruitment Support Affiliates Solutions Tools Payments Support Merchant Preview About Us Meet the Team Careers Awards Blog Sign Up Merchant Sign Up Agency Sign Up Affiliate Sign Up Login Merchant Login Agency Login Affiliate Login Infinite partnerships, simply enabled. ShareASale's affiliate marketing platform empowers advertisers and publishers of all sizes to grow their businesses online. Increase online sales Monetize your content 30,000merchants 1 millionpublishers 200 millionsales generated in 2023 Solutions for merchants Our network connects online retailers to over 1 million affiliate partners around the world, increasing consumer reach and providing another source of revenue. Grow your brand's reach Solutions for agencies Support your clients’ affiliate program goals with unrivaled strategic control, trusted partner development, innovative technology and robust data reporting. Become an agency partner Solutions for affiliates Content creators, influencers, website owners and technology partners can build profitable partnerships with our portfolio of brands across multiple sectors. Partner with brands you love Build a network of powerful partnerships Innovative technology to drive your affiliate channel to success ShareASale has spent over 20 years growing our network by nurturing relationships, building cutting-edge technology, and guiding merchants and publishers to success in their affiliate marketing channel. Keep a pulse on your program with real-time insights into performance data, affiliate partner activity, and personalized program diagnostics. Use our platform and extensive network of partners to tap into new sources of revenue for your online business. Custom tools Recruitment tool Recruitment tool Grow your partner base by sending targeted invitations to affiliates based on niche, relevance, and performance criteria both in-network and out-of-network. Influencer activation Influencer activation Easily integrate and track activity for influencer partners who drive sales through social media and word-of-mouth. Attribution solutions Attribution solutions Our conversion lines tool gives merchants the ability to reward publishers for driving specific consumer behavior and optimize commission payouts. Custom short links Custom short links Create your own short links and custom affiliate links to deep link and take readers directly to a product page. Ecommerce plugin integrations Ecommerce plugin integrations ShareASale tracks, reports, and organizes payments within one easy-to-use platform. With simple integrations with Shopify, WooCommerce, Wix, and Shoplazza, online ecommerce growth has never been simpler. Make-A-Page Make-A-Page Find and curate relevant products and turn any page into an e-commerce experience! Choose from two different fun and unique display options for your website. Compliance Compliance Mitigate risk with our selection of brand protection tools to support and enforce your affiliate agreement terms. Product discovery bookmarklet Product discovery bookmarklet Our bookmarklet tool is the fastest way to generate an affiliate link. Install on your browser and grab links on the fly as you browse your favorite websites! Useful Links Merchants Agencies Affiliates About Us Careers Resources Legal Merchant Terms of Use Affiliate Terms of Use Data Processing Addendum Privacy Policy Connect Facebook Twitter Linkedin Instagram ShareASale.com Inc. 167 N Green Street Office Number 04A-117 Chicago IL 60607 (312) 321-0487 [email protected]