Free Software and Source Code | Feed Your Brain | rohitab.com Skip to content Skip to menu rohitab.com …feed your brain Search Home API Monitor Articles Downloads Contact Us My Résumé Forums API Monitor 2.0 (32-bit/64-bit) – More Information API Monitor is a software that lets you monitor and control API calls made by applications and services. Its a powerful tool for seeing how Windows and other applications work or tracking down problems that you have in your own applications. 32-bit and 64-bit Alpha Versions are now available for download. Current version supports 15,000+ API’s, 1,800+ COM Interfaces, breakpoints, memory editor and decoding of structures, unions, arrays, enumerated data types and flags. Latest IRC Chat – Join using IRC Client or Web Client March 5, 2024 – Chat in #rohitab (Users Active: 0, Idle: 1) 00:00 — Tue Mar 5 2024 08:07 Guest17434 (Mibbit@…) joined #rohitab. 08:08 Guest17434 hi 08:08 Guest17434 (Mibbit@…) left irc: Quit: mibbit ajax IRC Client Latest Forum Posts – Browse Forum Custom API Definitions Not WorkingI've been monitoring an executable which uses a 3rd party DLL and I can see the function names in the summary window. If I create a custom XML definitions file for the DLL and specify only one … [C/C++] Reverse Engineering Tutorial for newbies——————————————————— —===> Reverse Engineering Tutorial For Beginners MORE IN DEPTHIV. FINDING MEMORY ADDRESSES (OllyDbg)V. HOW 'JUMP PATCHING' WORK … Win32 – Increased CPU usage when using multiple buffersFirst post here. Can someone take a look at my code? I have created a bunch of sine distortion graphic effects, but I've noticed that the two effects which distort the x and y axis at the same ti … Wireless Wep Key CrackingWEP Cracking by %ebxDISCLAIMER: I DO NOT encourage cracking others wireless protection!. This is illegal! The AP I'm cracking belongs to me and I wrote this as a proof of concept. There's a … A small gfx engine with fireworksHello! It's been a long time my friends but hopefully some of you old-timer's still lurking around here. Just recently I browsed through this forum, re-read some of my old posts and topics … Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Login now. CGI Scripts CGI-Telnet TrãnsLìngö Community Discussion Forums IRC Chat Pastebin Software API Monitor Boss! FreeVoice Password Decrypter Source Codes BlackBat Virus SEH in Assembly Shadow Virus Forum PostsCustom API Definitions Not Working[C/C++] Reverse Engineering Tutorial for newbiesWin32 - Increased CPU usage when using multiple buffersWireless Wep Key CrackingA small gfx engine with fireworksWhat you Listened today, MegathreadCan't Post? Back to Top © 2000-2012 Rohitab Batra. All Rights Reserved.