Alzheimer's Society Skip to main content Shop Contact us Dementia professionals Dementia Support Line Search Search Donate now About dementia Worried about memory problems Causes of memory problems Talking to someone about their memory problems Is it getting older or dementia? Types of dementia What is dementia? Alzheimer's disease Vascular dementia Frontotemporal dementia Young-onset dementia Symptoms and diagnosis Dementia symptoms Dementia diagnosis Stages of dementia Later stages of dementia Treatments Dementia medication Alternative therapies Person-centred care Talking therapies Managing the risk of dementia Understanding dementia risk Reduce your risk of dementia Possible risks of dementia Additional treatments for dementia risk Get support Dementia support services Find support near you Dementia support line Join our online community Publications and factsheets Dementia information in your language Daily living Eating and drinking Toilet problems and continence Washing and dressing Making your home dementia friendly The dementia guide - get your copy Help with care Care homes Carers - looking after yourself Health and social care professionals Supporting a person with dementia Guide for carers - get your copy Staying independent Driving Equipment, adaptations and improvements to the home Using technology to help with everyday life Legal and financial Paying for care Benefits for people affected by dementia Lasting power of attorney Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards Cost of living support Get involved Donate Make a donation Leave a gift in your Will Give in celebration Ways to give in memory Play the Lottery Other ways to donate Events and fundraising Join an event Organise your own fundraising Corporate partnerships Request your fundraising pack Campaign with us Quality social care Improve dementia diagnosis Wales Northern Ireland Volunteer Ways to volunteer Support our dementia services Take part in Dementia Voice opportunities Become a Dementia Friend Dementia-friendly resources Dementia training services Research Our research Take part in dementia research Why do we fund research? Research we are funding Dementia research news For researchers Why apply to us Our research grants Manage your grant News for researchers Dementia innovation Get involved with dementia innovation Accelerator Programme Longitude Prize on Dementia Innovation product portfolio About us Who we are Our strategy How your money helps Working for us Wales Northern Ireland Our people Ambassadors Vice-Presidents and Patrons Trustees Policy and influencing What we think National policies All-Party Parliamentary Group on Dementia News and media Read our blog Dementia together magazine Latest news Audio and video See menu Support line Search See menu Contact us Search About dementia About dementia Back Worried about memory problems Worried about memory problems Back Causes of memory problems Talking to someone about their memory problems Is it getting older or dementia? Types of dementia Types of dementia Back What is dementia? Alzheimer's disease Vascular dementia Frontotemporal dementia Young-onset dementia Symptoms and diagnosis Symptoms and diagnosis Back Dementia symptoms Dementia diagnosis Stages of dementia Later stages of dementia Treatments Treatments Back Dementia medication Alternative therapies Person-centred care Talking therapies Managing the risk of dementia Managing the risk of dementia Back Understanding dementia risk Reduce your risk of dementia Possible risks of dementia Additional treatments for dementia risk Get support Get support Back Dementia support services Find support near you Dementia support line Join our online community Publications and factsheets Dementia information in your language Daily living Daily living Back Eating and drinking Toilet problems and continence Washing and dressing Making your home dementia friendly The dementia guide - get your copy Help with care Help with care Back Care homes Carers - looking after yourself Health and social care professionals Supporting a person with dementia Guide for carers - get your copy Staying independent Staying independent Back Driving Equipment, adaptations and improvements to the home Using technology to help with everyday life Legal and financial Legal and financial Back Paying for care Benefits for people affected by dementia Lasting power of attorney Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards Cost of living support Get involved Get involved Back Donate Donate Back Make a donation Leave a gift in your Will Give in celebration Ways to give in memory Play the Lottery Other ways to donate Events and fundraising Events and fundraising Back Join an event Organise your own fundraising Corporate partnerships Request your fundraising pack Campaign with us Campaign with us Back Quality social care Improve dementia diagnosis Wales Northern Ireland Volunteer Volunteer Back Ways to volunteer Support our dementia services Take part in Dementia Voice opportunities Become a Dementia Friend Become a Dementia Friend Back Dementia-friendly resources Dementia training services Research Research Back Our research Our research Back Take part in dementia research Why do we fund research? Research we are funding Dementia research news For researchers For researchers Back Why apply to us Our research grants Manage your grant News for researchers Dementia innovation Dementia innovation Back Get involved with dementia innovation Accelerator Programme Longitude Prize on Dementia Innovation product portfolio About us About us Back Who we are Who we are Back Our strategy How your money helps Working for us Wales Northern Ireland Our people Our people Back Ambassadors Vice-Presidents and Patrons Trustees Policy and influencing Policy and influencing Back What we think National policies All-Party Parliamentary Group on Dementia News and media News and media Back Read our blog Dementia together magazine Latest news Audio and video Shop Contact us Dementia professionals Banner modal image Nobody asks to live with dementia Leave a gift in your Will You can help end the devastation caused by dementia with a gift in your Will. Together we are help and hope At Alzheimer’s Society we understand all aspects of dementia. We’re the only dementia charity that offers dedicated support to those who need us now, campaigns for change and funds groundbreaking research for a better tomorrow. Find out more Tag: . Contact us for support Our dementia advisors are here to help people living with dementia. Tag: . Find support near you Find support services and activities near to where you live. Tag: . Connect with others online Join our online community of people living with dementia. What we are doing now Tag: . BBC Panaroma documentary on new Alzheimer's drugs Our expert discusses the need to fix dementia diagnosis in the UK, in light of a new BBC documentary. Read more Tag: . Symptoms checklist Use our checklist to help you describe possible dementia symptoms to a GP or health professional. Read more Tag: . Dementia support services Don’t face dementia alone, we’re here for you with practical advice and emotional support. Read more Banner modal image Take on a challenge to remember Find your event You can help end the devastation caused by dementia. Find your event Our vow to give hope for a better future Tag: . Worried about memory problems? If you are experiencing memory loss, our advice can help you understand what to do next. Read more Tag: . Take part in dementia research. Get involved in dementia research and make a real difference to the future of dementia care and treatments. Read more Tag: . About us Together we are help and hope for everyone living with dementia. Read more Sign up for dementia support by email Our regular support email includes the latest dementia advice, resources, real stories and more. Email (required) First name (required) Last name (required) You can change what you receive at any time and we will never sell your details to third parties. Here’s our Privacy Policy. Useful links Jobs Working for us Publications and factsheets Training and conferences Blog Legal information Cookies Accessibility statement Report a website problem Facebook X Instagram Youtube All content © 2024 Alzheimer's Society. Registered office at Alzheimer's Society, 43-44 Crutched Friars, London, EC3N 2AE Alzheimer's Society is a registered Charity No. 296645. Registered as a company limited by guarantee and registered in England No. 2115499