SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory | Bold People. Visionary Science. Real Impact. Skip to main content Primary SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory About About Learn about our science, people, facilities and partners. Discover our history and vision for the future. OUR STORY Mission, vision, values History LAB OVERVIEW SLAC at a glance Lab organization Our partnerships OUR PEOPLE Leadership Meet our teams Faculty VISIT SLAC Public tours Contact us Resources Images, videos & more Brochures & fact sheets Connect With Us Facebook Flickr Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube video Who we are We explore radically new ideas with an entrepreneurial mindset. Research Research Get an overview of research at SLAC: X-ray and ultrafast science, particle and astrophysics, cosmology, particle accelerators, biology, energy and technology. X-ray & ultrafast science Revealing nature’s fastest processes with X-rays, lasers and electrons Physics of the universe Studying the particles and forces that knit the cosmos together Advanced accelerators Building smaller, faster, more powerful accelerators for all Science of life Understanding the machinery of life at its most basic level New technologies Inventing new tools for science and society Energy sciences Finding clean, sustainable solutions for the world’s energy challenges Spotlight SLAC science explained Cut through the jargon while exploring our research. Facilities & Centers Facilities & Centers Learn more about the places where science happens at SLAC: our major facilities, institutes and centers. SCIENTIFIC FACILITIES LCLS website Linac Coherent Light Source SSRL website Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource FACET-II website Facility for Advanced Accelerator Experimental Tests Cryo-EM website Cryogenic Electron Microscopy JOINT INSTITUTES & CENTERS SIMES website Stanford Institute for Materials & Energy Science KIPAC website Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics & Cosmology PULSE website Stanford PULSE Institute SUNCAT website Center for Interface Science & Catalysis SLAC-Stanford Battery Center Spotlight Vera C. Rubin Observatory LSST SLAC & Stanford build the world’s largest digital camera for the Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST). Work with Us Work with Us Find a career, partner with us or apply to use our tools and facilities. PARTNER WITH US For industry partners Research partnerships & tech transfer Technology Innovation CAREERS AT SLAC Job openings Internships Life at SLAC USE OUR FACILITIES Apply to become a user of our scientific research facilities and instruments. COMING TO SLAC BECOME A SUPPLIER Spotlight Diversity, Equity & Inclusion We believe in the transformative power of diversity and that great science requires great people with open minds. News & Events News & Events Get the latest news about the lab, our science and discoveries. Explore SLAC events and learn how to participate. NEWS CENTER News archive Media resources Images & videos SLAC EVENTS Public lectures Scientific seminars Community events SYMMETRY MAGAZINE This joint publication of SLAC and Fermilab is your view into the world of particle physics. EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS Educational tours Resources for students & educators Connect With Us Facebook Flickr Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Recent public lecture Searching for Trolls under the Electron Bridge Search Search Search site Search people Submit Staff portalStanford directoryComing to SLACResources for… SLAC’s campus looking south with Interstate 280 in the distance. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Video details The LSST 3200 megapixel camera is being tested inside the clean room at SLAC. The camera is the central component of the Vera Rubin Observatory. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Video details Aerial view of SLAC’s campus. Stanford campus and Hoover tower can be seen in the distance. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Video details Sunrise timelapse of SSRL (Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource) (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Video details View of SLAC’s LCLS-II First Light celebration on October 26th 2023 with DOE Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm and LCLS team (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Video details Bold People Visionary Science Real Impact We explore how the universe works at the biggest, smallest and fastest scales and invent powerful tools used by scientists around the globe. Our research helps solve real-world problems and advances the interests of the nation.Our story Our people Visionary Science Explore our frontier research X-ray & ultrafast science Revealing nature’s fastest processes with X-rays, lasers and electrons Physics of the universe Studying the particles and forces that knit the cosmos together Advanced accelerators Building smaller, faster, more powerful accelerators for all Science of life Understanding the machinery of life at its most basic level New technologies Inventing new tools for science and society Energy sciences Finding clean, sustainable solutions for the world’s energy challenges WHERE RESEARCH HAPPENS Facilities & centers At our large-scale facilities and specialized centers, scientists take advantage of powerful tools and unique expertise and collaborate with each other across a wide range of disciplines. Working together is what makes science tick.Scientific facilities Joint institutes & centers SLAC’s Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource (SSRL) provides extremely bright X-rays that scientists use in a wide range of research to probe matter on the scale of atoms and molecules. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) The Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), the world’s first hard X-ray free-electron laser, allows researchers to make stop-action movies of chemistry in action and explore proteins for new pharmaceuticals. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) FACET-II provides high-energy electron beams for researching revolutionary particle accelerator technologies that could make future accelerators 100 to 1,000 times smaller and a lot more capable. (Peter Ginter/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) The Stanford-SLAC Cryo-EM center gives scientists unprecedented views of the inner workings of the cell and of technologies like batteries and solar cells. (Andy Freeberg/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) MEET OUR TEAMS SLAC people To achieve our ambitious goals and keep SLAC a great place to work, the lab needs a creative, diverse and united workforce – people with a wide variety of experiences, ideas, skills and backgrounds. Members of the MEC Upgrade Project tri-lab collaboration on the roof patio of LCLS. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) SLAC employees participated in the first onsite Pride Parade on June 29, 2022. (Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Anna Rosa Ziefuss, Chris Crissman, Dr. Siegfried Glenzer, Griffin Glenn, and Zhijiang Chen at the HEDS (High Energy Density Science) Sector 10 Laser Lab. (Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Jeney Wierman stands in the control room of SSRL. She, along with other members of the Structural Molecular Biology team, supports three beamlines, 12-1, 12-2 and 9-2, which are dedicated to helping research from all over the world, creating 3D atomic-resolution shapes of various SARS-CoV-2 related proteins. (Linda McCulloch/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) From left, Project Scientist Dr. Razib Obaid, Staff Scientist Ming-Fu Lin, Associate Scientist Taran Driver and Doctoral Student Erik Isele work in the TMO Control Room 1.1, located in the Near Experimental Hall at LCLS. (Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Work with usLife at SLAC LATEST UPDATES SLAC news center News Feature SLAC scientists explain: What is inertial fusion energy? Following ignition demonstrations at the National Ignition Facility, the prospect of developing a fusion energy source using lasers looks brighter than ever. Here, SLAC experts weigh in on what it will take to develop the science and technology toward that aim and how the lab and its partners will contribute. News Feature Striving toward a new era of the LHC SLAC experimentalists and theorists collaborate to develop critical detector components, data analysis tools, and theoretical models for the HL-LHC upgrade, which will investigate the... February 22, 2024 · 6 min read News Feature A battery’s hopping ions remember where they’ve been Seen in atomic detail, the seemingly smooth flow of ions through a battery’s electrolyte is a lot more complicated. February 15, 2024 · 4 min read News Feature Scientists stop the motion of atoms to watch electrons move in liquid water Scientists report the first look at electrons moving in real-time in liquid water; findings open up a whole new field of experimental physics February 15, 2024 · 5 min read News Feature Striving toward a new era of the LHC SLAC experimentalists and theorists collaborate to develop critical detector components, data analysis tools, and theoretical models for the HL-LHC upgrade, which will investigate the... February 22, 2024 · 6 min read News Feature A battery’s hopping ions remember where they’ve been Seen in atomic detail, the seemingly smooth flow of ions through a battery’s electrolyte is a lot more complicated. February 15, 2024 · 4 min read News Feature Scientists stop the motion of atoms to watch electrons move in liquid water Scientists report the first look at electrons moving in real-time in liquid water; findings open up a whole new field of experimental physics February 15, 2024 · 5 min read News Feature Researchers capture strange behavior of laser-excited gold The research could lead to a better understanding of how metals behave under extreme conditions, which will aid in the development of more resilient... February 15, 2024 · 3 min read News Feature Rubin Observatory will inspire a new era in space missions without ever leaving the ground Vera C. Rubin Observatory’s detailed, big-picture view of our Solar System and ability to quickly detect and track moving objects will provide a gold... February 7, 2024 · 4 min read News Feature A day in the life of a human-in-the-loop engineer Wan-Lin Hu’s job is to improve the way people and artificial intelligence collaborate to run SLAC’s complex machines. January 31, 2024 · 3 min read Show less Show more News archiveMedia mentionsMedia resources SLAC EVENTS What’s happening SLAC events SLAC hosts a range of exciting events to raise awareness, inform, educate and connect with sitewide staff, the Stanford and local communities and the general public. SLAC has a talented and dedicated staff with an extremely bright future, one that will help solve some of the greatest scientific challenges facing the world today.” Chi-Chang Kao Former Lab Director Video Play video SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a Department of Energy national lab run by Stanford in the heart of Silicon Valley. We invent scientific tools to explore the universe at its biggest, its smallest and its fastest. (Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) Close Who we are June 2, 2022 SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a Department of Energy national lab run by Stanford in the heart of Silicon Valley. We invent scientific tools to explore the universe at its biggest, its smallest and its fastest. Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory Video details DIG DEEPER Explore SLAC PUBLIC TOURS Take a tour of SLAC THE BASICS SLAC science explained MEDIA RESOURCES Images, videos & more LAB OVERVIEW Brochures & fact sheets Quick links Resources For facility users Facility user portal SLAC User’s Organization (SLUO) FACET-II users LCLS users SSRL users Coming to SLAC For industry partners Research partnerships & technology transfer Laboratory Directed Research & Development (LDRD) Technology Innovation Directorate Suppliers & vendors For media News center Media resources SLAC experts Images & videos Explore SLAC topics Connect with us For job seekers Current openings Careers at SLAC Internships Stanford benefits Maps & directions For SLAC staff Staff portal Staff resources Resources for new employees Stanford benefits For students & educators Educational programs Internship opportunities SLAC science explained Images & videos Public lectures Public tours SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory 2575 Sand Hill Road Menlo Park, CA 94025-7015 650.926.3300 Coming to SLAC Connect with us Contact us Facebook Flickr Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Sign up for our emailMonthly newsletter for cutting-edge science, SLAC milestones and events.Sign up Bold People Visionary Science Real Impact We explore how the universe works at the biggest, smallest and fastest scales and invent powerful tools used by scientists around the globe. Footer Menu About Our story Our people Lab overview Visit SLAC Resources Connect with us Research X-ray & ultrafast science Advanced accelerators New technologies Physics of the universe Science of life Energy sciences SLAC science explained Facilities & centers Scientific facilities Joint institutes & centers Work with us Partner with us Become a supplier Use our facilities Careers at SLAC News & events News center Symmetry Magazine Media resources Events Educational programs Connect with us Footer utility Staff portal Privacy policy Accessibility Vulnerability disclosure A–Z index Website feedback Subfooter SLAC home Maps & directions Emergency info Careers © 2023 SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science. Top Top Back to top Back to top