San Francisco Bay View Facebook Instagram Paypal Twitter Youtube Store News & Views News & Views Local News & Views World News & Views BayViewTV Culture Donate Subscribe Subscribe Advertise Print & Digital Advertising Classifieds Affordable Housing Apprentice Training Business Opportunities Businesses Collectibles For Rent Help Wanted Invitations to Bid Opportunities Professional Services Public Notices Requests for Proposals and Qualifications About Donate Prisoners’ Subscription Fund Abolition Now! Abolition Now! Pen Pals Our Story Recognition & Awards Grants & Partnerships Meet the Bay View Team! Newsletter sign up! Calendar Search Tuesday, March 5, 2024 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. San Francisco Bay View Store News & Views News & Views Local News & Views World News & Views BayViewTV Culture Donate Subscribe Subscribe Advertise Print & Digital Advertising Classifieds Affordable Housing Apprentice Training Business Opportunities Businesses Collectibles For Rent Help Wanted Invitations to Bid Opportunities Professional Services Public Notices Requests for Proposals and Qualifications About Donate Prisoners’ Subscription Fund Abolition Now! Abolition Now! Pen Pals Our Story Recognition & Awards Grants & Partnerships Meet the Bay View Team! Newsletter sign up! Calendar Facebook Instagram Paypal Twitter Youtube Advertisement San Francisco Apologizes for its anti-Black Racism “The San Francisco Reparations Plan outlines more than 100 additional ways for the City of San Francisco to demonstrate the sincerity of that apology by proactively creating pathways to equity for Black San Franciscans.” - Tinisch Hollins Read more San Francisco Apologizes for its anti-Black Racism “The San Francisco Reparations Plan outlines more than 100 additional ways for the City of San Francisco to demonstrate the sincerity of that apology by proactively creating pathways to equity for Black San Franciscans.” - Tinisch Hollins Read more News & Views San Francisco Apologizes for its anti-Black RacismFebruary 28, 2024“The San Francisco Reparations Plan outlines more than 100 additional ways for the City of San Francisco to demonstrate the sincerity of that apology by proactively creating pathways to equity for Black San Franciscans.” - Tinisch Hollins Does Treasure Island’s Equity Vision fix problems in Maceo May’s Veterans’ Housing? February 27, 2024Classism is being played out at Maceo May, a building for low income vets. Racism is occurring. Many are Black. Would the actual Maceo May, a Black veteran, approve? Assassination attempts against Mumia Abu-JamalFebruary 26, 2024The medical community must acknowledge the underlying oppressive violence that our community, our loved ones are suffering. It is state violence that is so important. Cedric Akbar: Community advocate and catalyst for positive change in San FranciscoFebruary 25, 2024Cedric believes that a thriving San Francisco starts within neighborhoods, and he’s committed to enhancing the safety of the community by ensuring accountability among residents and government and now by running for elected office. Voter Guides for Black San FranciscansFebruary 21, 2024It’s a long tradition in the Black community to VOTE 100%. The Black vote can swing elections. That’s power! Findings: Hunters Point Community Toxic RegistryFebruary 20, 2024Toxic registries are institutes created to offer populations of exposed people comprehensive medical, legal and social services along with monitoring for emerging toxic health effects among members of a family, a community and future generations. Sekou Odinga, Black liberation fighter, passes at 79February 20, 2024“Sekou Odinga lived to manifest ... the need to resist in order to overcome white supremacy and capitalist-imperialism, the scourge of the planet. Long Live the warrior spirit of Sekou Odinga.” - Jalil Muntaqim International Coalition to Stop Genocide in Palestine welcomes ICJ order, demands its implementationFebruary 19, 2024We must end US military funding to Israel, which at $3.8 billion USD a year could instead provide more than 450,000 households with public housing for a year or pay for 41,490 elementary school teachers. Five Black actors are nominated for 2024 OscarsFebruary 19, 2024 by Daphne Young When the 96th Oscar nominations were announced live, on Tuesday, Jan. 23, Black actors and actresses, along... Fillmore Safeway remains openFebruary 18, 2024“The Webster Street Safeway is more than a grocery store. It serves as a space that brings together and builds community for the Fillmore neighborhood, which is home to many senior citizens and families.” - Mayor London Breed Reparations apologyFebruary 18, 2024This resolution “would urge the City of San Francisco to apologize to the Black community for the harm and almost irreversible trauma caused through SF policies that have negatively affected Black people for decades,” said Supervisor Shamann Walton. In Memoriam: Eddie Rudolph Dillard (1947-2023)February 17, 2024Eddie's passing calls for not just local or state but also national recognition. He laid the foundation for future generations to continue the fight for economic equity and representation in the construction industry. Abolition Now! Assassination attempts against Mumia Abu-JamalFebruary 26, 2024The medical community must acknowledge the underlying oppressive violence that our community, our loved ones are suffering. It is state violence that is so important. Cedric Akbar: Community advocate and catalyst for positive change in San FranciscoFebruary 25, 2024Cedric believes that a thriving San Francisco starts within neighborhoods, and he’s committed to enhancing the safety of the community by ensuring accountability among residents and government and now by running for elected office. Voter Guides for Black San FranciscansFebruary 21, 2024It’s a long tradition in the Black community to VOTE 100%. The Black vote can swing elections. That’s power! Assassination attempts against Mumia Abu-JamalFebruary 26, 2024The medical community must acknowledge the underlying oppressive violence that our community, our loved ones are suffering. It is state violence that is so important. Sekou Odinga, Black liberation fighter, passes at 79February 20, 2024“Sekou Odinga lived to manifest ... the need to resist in order to overcome white supremacy and capitalist-imperialism, the scourge of the planet. Long Live the warrior spirit of Sekou Odinga.” - Jalil Muntaqim Blue lies matter: How courts protect abusive cops and prison guardsFebruary 16, 2024Police and guard abuse is not and has never been about a few bad apples doing wrong. The entire legal system is structured to enable and protect abusers so they suffer no consequences for their offenses. Help Amber Jackson prepare for freedomJanuary 16, 2024I plan to pleasantly surprise anyone in my path. I go back to the Board of Parole Hearings in 2024 and I fully expect my release. Virginia prisons defy new state law against solitary confinementDecember 27, 2023Once again Virginia's remote supermaxes are operating lawlessly outside the orbit of public scrutiny. They should have been closed down long ago. Released Palestinians reveal horrors in Israeli prisonsDecember 22, 2023Many released prisoners spoke about how their joy at being released was incomplete given the ongoing Israeli genocide in Gaza and the fact that they left comrades behind in Israel’s chambers of horror. The plague of Virginia prisoners dying from medical neglectDecember 13, 2023At the Cancer Center, I met dozens of other imprisoned men with cancer. Every one of them had a horror story of suffering gross medical neglect or denied care leading to the dangerous, often torturous, advances of their diseases. Back to Red Onion State Prison, site of entrenched racism and abuseNovember 10, 2023These super-max prisons – Red Onion and Wallen's Ridge – have never been needed. Every justification concocted for their ongoing operations has been exposed as a lie. Rashid: Prison officials plant a street weapon in a vacant cell, then move me into itOctober 23, 2023After I was moved to solitary, numerous officials admitted this incident was a premeditated set up. I was also told that the entire ploy was to create a pretext to have me emergency transferred to the notoriously abusive and racist Virginia prisons Red Onion or Wallens Ridge. Culture Currents Black history: Time is elastic at Smith Clock Co.February 16, 2024For David Smith, restorer of grandfather clocks, time runs at various speeds: the stately historic time of the clocks, some from the 17th century; the efficient speed of his work as timepiece diagnostician; and the expansive pace of the raconteur who seems not to notice time’s passage. Kalimba King Carl Winters provides the sound track for Black History MonthFebruary 16, 2024Carl Winters, the Kalimba King, will play jazz, blues, gospel and freedom and civil rights songs on 12 kalimbas (African thumb pianos) and let participants play them. City College adopts a Green New DealFebruary 16, 2024“We all are responsible for turning the tide of climate change. As a public educational institution and one of the largest property owners in the Bay Area, we at City College have a moral responsibility to act and set an example for our young people and community.” - Alan Wong The People’s Narrative: The Black Panther Party Museum in OaklandFebruary 14, 2024"Happy Birthday, Huey" will be celebrated Saturday, Feb. 17. Activities include the showing of a film, and the following night at the New Parkway Theatre in Oakland, filmmaker Cat Brooks will also display a movie she produced on Huey P. Newton. Being separate and unequal at UC BerkeleyJanuary 30, 2024“Do you think Black writers do better at writing Black literature than white ones?” “Yes, of course, because the Black writers can really see what we have contributed to the world.” We like to grow and mature from having our stories told by us to us. Troublemakers and system changers, healthcare that works for youJanuary 14, 2024Z, acknowledging the effort change requires, said, “I know we’re all tired. But if I’m tired, I want to be tired and healthy. Don’t be afraid and intimidated. Go in there and be who you are, because truth don’t tremble.” Full hearts, full circle: Dr. Gina Fromer leads with love at GLIDEJanuary 5, 2024According to Dr. Gina, “[Rev.] Cecil basically told the entire board that Gina is in this position and y’all need to let her lead. Let her do her thing. She's going to move this organization forward.” Black Bayview college students tell their success storiesJanuary 2, 2024“I go to Harvard University. 100% College Prep was part of that village that helped to cultivate me into the person I am today. I'm from Sunnydale and live in Bayview. My family is from here.” Black Santa presides over Bayview Hunters Point family wonderlandDecember 26, 2023“The holiday celebration and toy giveaway at the Opera House is amazing for the community. This event demonstrates how the Bayview Hunters Point community is a family and will continue to love on each other.” – Supervisor Shamann Walton NAACP 10th annual Freedom Fund gala presents new generation of Black leadershipDecember 19, 2023"The event not only celebrated, but also honored eight local individuals who have been making outstanding contributions to the cause of full democracy and equal opportunities for all" Black Doll Festival visits Oakland’s African American MuseumDecember 14, 2023“Our mission is to preserve African American history and culture,” added Silva. “That's very important.” Mozell Brooks: ‘It’s hot, baby’ (1937-2023)December 13, 2023Mozell’s Kitchen was a community space where everyone from politicians to executives, Muni bus drivers and teens would come to the purple restaurant for a taste of home. Bay View Archives Welcome to the Bay View Archives! With a $20,000 grant from The San Francisco Foundation, we can finally formalize and publicize our trove of Black journalism from 1976 to 2008. Lennar seeks license to killNovember 27, 2007Despite Lennar’s claims that grading was completed in September in 2007, community air monitors continue to document elevations in asbestos levels. Those who must be shown: an environmental justice manifestoNovember 13, 2007George D. Porter dedicated his career to the International Longshoremen’s Workers Union Local 34. He died in the care of his loving family on the morning of Feb. 19, 1992. His immediate cause of death was dehydration. His final cause of death was pulmonary asbestosis. Then wasn’t the time, but now is!September 20, 2007“The police say to us all the time that they can’t do their jobs because we won’t talk and tell on someone. Well, we ARE telling on PG&E … so now we tell them it’s your turn. Do your job! Do it now!” Lennar builds shoddy homesJuly 6, 2007“We have been living the Lennar nightmare for seven years. We are original owners with perpetual water intrusion. I am trying to organize my neighbors (168 defective homes) and share information in hopes that together we can make a difference ... We are absolutely devastated. I am writing from Novato, California.” — Tamara A failure of leadershipOctober 11, 2006After more than 15 years of “cleanup,” the Shipyard is still a toxic mess – and now Lennar is moving forward to build residential housing on the site. ABOUT USThe San Francisco Bay View National Black Newspaper was founded in 1976 to serve thought-provoking stories and commentary on the full range of Black trials and triumphs. 4917 Third Street, San Francisco, CA 94124 415-671-0789 editor@sfbayviewnews.wpenginepowered.comFOLLOW US Facebook Instagram Paypal Twitter Youtube