5 Gyres 0 Skip to Content Who We Are About Us Meet The Team Cause Partners Our Work Science Advocacy TrashBlitz Get Involved Ambassador Network Plastic-Free Parks Do Less For The Planet Shop & Support English Donate Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu English Donate Who We Are About Us Meet The Team Cause Partners Our Work Science Advocacy TrashBlitz Get Involved Ambassador Network Plastic-Free Parks Do Less For The Planet Shop & Support Folder: Who We Are Back About Us Meet The Team Cause Partners Folder: Our Work Back Science Advocacy TrashBlitz Folder: Get Involved Back Ambassador Network Plastic-Free Parks Do Less For The Planet Shop & Support English Back Donate MORE OCEAN. LESS PLASTIC. Plastic pollution is found in every corner of the globe, contaminating the environment, entangling countless marine and land animals, threatening communities, and contributing to the climate crisis. As plastic production continues to increase, existing plastic breaks up into micro- and nanoplastics that permeate ecosystems, wildlife, and even our own bodies. We must act now to reduce the harm of plastic pollution on people and the planet. 5 Gyres empowers action against the global health crisis of plastic pollution through: SCIENCEConduct scientific research to answer key questions about plastics’ impact and accelerate science-based solutions EDUCATIONEducate, engage, and empower individuals and communities to take action and drive change ADVOCACYAdvance and advocate for high-impact policies that will reduce the harm of plastic pollution Who is 5 Gyres? Our Theory of Change: The Sector Approach Our 10+ years of research on ocean and terrestrial plastics leads us to focus on understanding specific sources, or sectors, that generate plastic pollution, in order to create more effective solutions. Read About Sectors The 17 Sectors of Plastic Use in Society 5 Gyres is exploring the textile sector as one of our key focus areas. Learn about textiles Our 2023 Impact 23,194 Items Recorded on TrashBlitz 94 Countries Represented by Ambassadors 26 Legislative Bills Supported/Engaged 8 Research Papers Published Read Our Impact Report WHAT'S NEW • WHAT'S NEW • WHAT'S NEW • First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up Thank you! Join the movement for a plastic pollution-free future. PO Box 5699Santa Monica CA, 90409United Statesinfo@5gyres.org 5 GYRES INSTITUTE RESOURCES FAQsTrash AcademyNewsroomFinancials CONTACT US Press RoomSay HelloStay UpdatedCareers The 5 Gyres Institute is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in special consultative status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council since 2017. Copyright © 2024 5 Gyres Institute CONNECT