Life in Norway: All things Norway, in English Skip to content Search for: Menu NEWSLETTER PODCAST Life in Norway Show Latest Episodes RELOCATION Move to Norway Work in Norway Jobs in Norway Learn Norwegian Personal Finance Housing Education Driving RESOURCES Our Books Find a Job Credit Check Get a Credit Card Get a Personal Loan Get Legal Help Save on Energy Bills Car & Home Insurance Car Rental International Money Transfer LIVING IN NORWAY News from Norway Explore Norway Oslo Bergen The Fjords Stavanger Trondheim Ålesund Lofoten Blog Tromsø Svalbard Expat Blogs Lifestyle Food & Drink Business Science TRAVEL TIPS Travel Guides Travel News Hotel Reviews Travel Insurance Car Rental Book Tours Beyond Norway CULTURE Books Music Sport TV & Movies Norwegian People History Vikings Scandinavia Blog All things Norway, in English Velkommen til oss! Life in Norway is your English language guide to all things Norway: From history and culture to practical guides on relocation, finding a job and learning the language. You can also follow us on YouTube. Move to Norway Learn Norwegian Find a Job Travel Tips Podcast Featured Articles Martin Compston's Norwegian Fling: A New BBC Showcase of Norway 10 Things I Learned From 10 Years In Norway Resources Looking to save money? Whether you live in Norway or you're planning a trip, we've collected a set of useful resources for you. There's everything from energy bills and credit cards for residents, to hotel booking and car hire for visitors. Car Rental VPN Book Hotels Credit Cards Ancestry Test Newsletter Latest News We round-up the latest news headlines from Norway. To stay updated, subscribe to our free Norway Weekly newsletter and you'll get the latest news headlines (in English!) in your inbox every Tuesday morning. Oslo Leaders Push for Wider Sunday Trading February 29, 2024February 29, 2024 Norway Officially Ends Au Pair Program February 21, 2024February 21, 2024 Storm ‘Ingunn' Batters Coastal Norway February 1, 2024February 2, 2024 Norway’s King Harald: “No Plans” to Step Down January 28, 2024January 28, 2024 Travel Everything you need to plan a trip to Norway. How to Travel from Oslo to Bodø A Daily Diary of Norway’s Coastal Route in Winter (Part 2: Southbound) A Daily Diary of Norway’s Coastal Route in Winter (Part 1: Northbound) Flåm Railway in the Winter Vikings We dive into Norway's viking history from important dates to what we know about the daily lifestyle. We also keep an eye out for new archaeological discoveries and other important research news. Viking Lifestyle: Everyday Life in the Viking Age 6 Fascinating Facts About Viking King Harald Fairhair Eric Bloodaxe: The Story of the Royal Viking Warrior Vikings In Newfoundland: The First Europeans In North America Podcast Episodes Listen to the latest episodes of our podcast, the Life in Norway Show. You can also search through the full episode archive. 78: Moving from Germany to Arctic Norway 77: Moving from Singapore to Oslo 76: Sami Culture in Northern Norway 75: Retirement to Northern Norway Latest Articles The very latest published articles. Click here to look through the full archive of blog posts by published date. Introducing the Norwegian Welfare State Introducing Lingonberries: A Scandinavian Staple Oslo Leaders Push for Wider Sunday Trading How to Travel from Oslo to Bodø Norway’s Job-Seeker Visa Explained Denmark Landmarks: 15 Must-See Sights In Our Scandinavian Neighbour A Daily Diary of Norway’s Coastal Route in Winter (Part 2: Southbound) 78: Moving from Germany to Arctic Norway The Population of Norway (Updated for 2024) Martin Compston's Norwegian Fling: A New BBC Showcase of Norway Norway Officially Ends Au Pair Program In Pictures: Bodø Opens Its Year as European Capital of Culture You might also like... Sorry, no posts were found. Latest articles Introducing the Norwegian Welfare State Introducing Lingonberries: A Scandinavian Staple Oslo Leaders Push for Wider Sunday Trading How to Travel from Oslo to Bodø Norway’s Job-Seeker Visa Explained About The SiteAbout Us Partnerships Write For Us Privacy Policy & Terms Contact A Words of Norway PublicationWords of Norway tells the stories of Norway to the world, and helps Norwegian companies do the same. Based in Trondheim, we are Norway's English language publishing company. © 2024 Life in Norway • Built with GeneratePress