Piwik PRO Analytics Suite | Modern analytics made simple Product Modules Analytics Tag Manager Customer Data Platform Consent Manager Learn more Integrations Changelog Professional services Privacy & security Solutions Analytics for web & mobile Analytics for product teams Tag management Data activation Privacy compliance HIPAA-compliant analytics Compare GA4 knowledge hub Switch from Matomo Resources Content library Webinars Success stories Help center Community forum Glossary Developers & API Blog Pricing Contact Contact Media Partners Careers Get a demo EN DE NL FR PL SV IT KO DA My account My account Get a demo Product Modules Analytics Tag Manager Customer Data Platform Consent Manager Learn more Integrations Changelog Professional services Privacy & security Solutions Analytics for web & mobile Analytics for product teams Tag management Data activation Privacy compliance HIPAA-compliant analytics Compare GA4 knowledge hub Switch from Matomo Resources Content library Webinars Success stories Help center Community forum Glossary Developers & API Blog Pricing Contact Contact Media Partners Careers Language version EN DE NL FR PL SV IT KO DA Collect, analyze and activate your web & app data with ease A flexible analytics suite for marketers and analysts that lets you respect user privacy every step of the way Get a custom demo Use the free Core plan Modern analytics made simple Use a product ready to meet the needs of all your teams thanks to an intuitive interface, built-in and custom reporting, a high-performing backend and access to raw data. Learn more Freedom to connect and integrate your data Break free from vendor lock-in. With Piwik PRO Analytics Suite, you truly control your analytics data and decide how to use it, where to send it and what tools to share it with. Learn more Privacy compliance with the tick of a box Make your data collection compliant from the start with predefined settings for GDPR, HIPAA, TTDSG and more. Get the full customer journey thanks to our privacy features, such as data anonymization. Learn more We make sure our users know the platform and feel comfortable using it, with every pricing plan. See what kind of training and support you can count on with Piwik PRO Core and Enterprise. What you can do with Piwik PRO Watch the Piwik PRO Analytics Suite overview (1:34) Analytics for web & mobile Analytics for product teams Tag management Data activation Privacy compliance Reliable data at scale Get complete and accurate data thanks to: unsampled and raw data, full data control, dedicated technical support and more. Use Tag Manager for more flexibility and Consent Manager for more control over data privacy. Learn more Complete user experience data Track post-login areas, integrate with visualization and BI tools, create targeted ad campaigns, and more. Keep your users’ data safe with a complete set of privacy and security features. Learn more More control, less effort Quickly create, test and deploy tags from customizable templates. Coordinate tag behavior with Analytics, Customer Data Platform and Consent Manager to fit any data collection approach. Learn more Boost sales, adoption, and acquisition with the right data Understand who your customers are and how they interact with you across channels. Act on these insights to provide a personalized customer experience and optimize your campaigns. Respect user privacy every step of the way. Learn more Meet your analytics & privacy needs Get more data from more sources thanks to Piwik PRO’s flexible data privacy capabilities. Comply with regulations all over the world, such as GDPR in the EU, LGPD in Brazil and CCPA in the US. Learn more What our customers say Industrial lines insurer HDI Global SE uses Piwik PRO to optimize their marketing spend “It’s important for us to find out where our potential customers are looking for insurance information. With Piwik PRO, we can accurately track the source of our conversions and invest our budget in the right online channels.” THOMAS QUASTONLINE STRATEGY SPECIALIST AT HDI GLOBAL SE Greiner AG uses Piwik PRO Analytics to see important details of how employees use the intranet, details they couldn't get with built-in analytics. “Thanks to Piwik PRO Intranet Analytics we can manage our internal content more effectively and find areas that need improvement. It helps us identify the most engaged employees, so we can make the most of their potential and show appropriate recognition for their actions. We’re very satisfied with the product and our cooperation with Piwik PRO.” PHILIPP KIRCHMEIRIT APPLICATION CONSULTANT AT GREINER AG SVC, operator of an electronic administration platform for the Austrian social security system, achieved a 12.8% increase in service quality with data-based optimization of the user experience. “Our core goal is to optimize and increase the user experience based on data. Piwik PRO Analytics Suite combines all the necessary features to achieve this goal. From the analysis and evaluation of channels to target group segmentation and planning of suitable content, we now have a solution with which we can implement everything.” GEROLD BRAUCHARTESV PROJECT MANAGEMENT AT SVC The Austrian Social Science Data Archive (AUSSDA) uses Piwik PRO Analytics Suite on their website to support growth and achieve GDPR compliance. “For us as a relatively new institution, it is important to increase our visibility within the community. With Piwik PRO, we monitor the effectiveness of our marketing channels, so we can optimize our communication strategy and verify that we are using our energy for the right approach.” DR. LARS KACZMIREKHEAD OF AUSSDA XS4ALL, the oldest internet service providers in the Netherlands, puts their customers’ security and privacy first with Piwik PRO Analytics Suite “We started looking for a new tool because of security and privacy reasons. Because we didn’t want to share our customer’s data with third parties, especially those not based in Europe, Google Analytics wasn’t an option. Piwik PRO was the only platform that fully met our needs (…)” ERIK VAN DER KOOIJHEAD OF DIGITAL AT XS4ALL Candid, the world’s first marcom platform organization, offering a full set of modern media, creative and data agencies, partnered with Piwik PRO on their journey to full GDPR compliance “We teamed up with Piwik PRO over two years ago, not only for our own platform, but also for our customers. We’re working side by side with Piwik PRO to make sure that our customers’ first-party data is properly collected and used. Candid’s philosophy is to be open and curious, working with Piwik PRO enhances this.” GÉRARD GHAZARIANFOUNDER & CEO AT CANDID TecAlliance, an independent service provider for the automotive aftermarket, uses Piwik PRO to optimize their product and improve user experience through analysis of behavioral data “We need information about the way in which customers work and interact with our product. With the data collected from Piwik PRO, we can optimize our product to meet customer requirements and effectively allocate our development resources.” DR. BARTOSCH BELKIUSVICE PRESIDENT ANALYTICS AT TECALLIANCE GMBH Three Palms Media, an American marketing agency, found Piwik PRO to be the perfect alternative to both Google Analytics and Matomo “The main reason we switched to Piwik PRO was having everything managed by someone, not having to take care of the open source thing ourselves. Previously we had a lot of issues, which was stressful because sometimes we wanted to access our data and it wasn’t working, and it took up to a week to get things back on track. We don’t have to worry about that now and it saves us a lot of time and resources.” INGO HAUPTCEO AT THREE PALMS MEDIA Piwik PRO blog Where digital marketing professionals find advice on how to collect and analyze data in a privacy-friendly way February 29, 2024 Activate data for a personalized customer experience with the Piwik PRO customer data platform In the second episode of our Masterclass for marketers series, organized in collaboration with Timo Dechau from deepskydata, our experts dive into the topic of data activation in marketing.Arpit Choudhury, data strategy expert and CEO at databeats and Glenn Vanderlinden, co-founder at Human37, explain how to activate data with the Piwik PRO customer data platform […] Read more February 27, 2024 Integrating Piwik PRO and Cookie Information CMP is now easier than ever Last year, Piwik PRO joined forces with Cookie Information (CI), the vendor of a leading consent management platform (CMP) based in Denmark. Our goal with the merger is to give more opportunities for effective and lawful data collection to companies worldwide and help them shift towards first-party data strategies.Our first step to deliver on that […] Read more February 26, 2024 Comparison of 10 leading consent management platforms GDPR is the gold standard for data privacy regulations, especially with the requirement to collect explicit consent from users prior to processing their personal data. The law has served as an inspiration for other legislation such as Brazil's LGPD, California’s CPRA, Canada’s CPPA, and Germany's TTDSG.In the report by Gartner, it is expected that by […] Read more Discover what we can do for your organization We’re here to answer all your questions! Get a custom demo Use the free Core plan This content is hosted by a third party (YouTube). By clicking the button below, you consent to loading the video. Play the video Product Analytics Tag Manager Consent Manager Customer Data Platform Pricing Integrations Changelog Privacy & security Professional services Solutions Analytics for web & mobile Analytics for product teams Tag management Data activation Privacy compliance HIPAA-compliant analytics Switch from Google Analytics Matomo AT Internet Resources Blog Content library Webinars Success stories Help center Glossary Developers & API Tools Cookie Scanner URL Builder Company About Clients Careers Partners Media Contact Piwik PRO vs. GA Universal & GA4 Piwik PRO vs. GA3 360 & GA4 360 Piwik PRO vs. Matomo Piwik PRO vs. Adobe Analytics Piwik PRO vs. GA3 & GA4 (table) Piwik PRO vs. Matomo (table) Piwik PRO vs. Adobe Analytics (table) Piwik PRO vs. AT Internet (table) Piwik PRO vs. Countly (table) Piwik PRO vs. Amplitude (table) Piwik PRO vs. Mixpanel (table) Piwik PRO vs. Snowplow (table) Piwik PRO vs. Heap (table) PP Tag Manager vs. GTM (table) Web analytics comparison Tag manager comparison CDP vendor comparison Consent management comparison Free web analytics platforms comparison Core vs. Enterprise 6 ways analytics software collects data 17 new privacy laws around the world Is GA GDPR-compliant? Is GA HIPAA-compliant? A review of HIPAA-compliant analytics platforms © 2024 Piwik PRO Take control of your data Privacy policy Service Level Agreement Sitemap Bug bounty program