Homepage | Columbia Law School Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Open the search panel Open the main menu Search Go Close the search panel Information for… Incoming J.D. Students Current Students Faculty Staff Employers Media News Events Alumni Giving About Library Login Open the Search panel Admissions Admissions Why Columbia J.D. Admissions Graduate Admissions Academics Academics J.D. Program and Curriculum LL.M. Program and Curriculum Executive LL.M. Program and Curriculum J.S.D. Program and Curriculum Dual and Joint Degrees International Programs Public Interest and Public Service Experiential Learning Courses Registration Services and Academic Rules Academic Calendar Executive Education Areas of Study Areas of Study Administrative Law and Public Policy Constitutional Law Corporate, Business, and Transactional Law Criminal Justice Environment and Energy Family, Gender, and Sexuality Intellectual Property and Technology International and Comparative Law Law and Philosophy Law of the Workplace Leadership Legal History Litigation and Dispute Resolution National Security and Privacy Social Justice and Human Rights Faculty & Scholarship Faculty & Scholarship Faculty Directory Research Centers and Programs Scholarship Archive Workshops, Lectures, Colloquia, and Conferences Careers Careers Private Sector Careers Public Interest and Public Service Careers Academic Careers Judicial Careers Employment Statistics Employment Policies Community Life Community Life Visit Campus Dean’s Welcome Your Campus, Your City Student Life Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Strategic Initiatives Discover Columbia Law. Learn More Alumni News Judge Arun Subramanian ’04 Delivers Keynote at Ninth Annual Alumni of Color Event Students News Fighting for Justice Globally: The 2023–2024 LL.M. Human Rights Fellows Students News 2024 Skadden Fellow Anna Belle Newport ’23 on Keeping Struggling Families Together Featured News Events News Forever Honored: U.S. Postal Service Dedicates Stamp to Constance Baker Motley ’46 The pathbreaking civil rights lawyer, politician, and judge, and the second Black woman to graduate from Columbia Law, is the 47th honoree in the Postal Service’s Black Heritage stamp series. In The Media Yes, Trump’s PACs Really Can Pay His Legal Fees Richard Briffault | The Conversation In The Media Texas Is Right. The Tech Giants Need to Be Regulated. Timothy Wu | The New York Times In The Media Elon Musk’s $56 Billion Pay-Package Fight Shows How Modern CEOs See Themselves as Kings of Old Katharina Pistor | MarketWatch Read All Stories More in The Media Meet Our Faculty Degree Programs J.D. Program Join a remarkable community of aspiring lawyers preparing to lead the world. LL.M. Program Elevate your career to new heights in just one year with this fully customizable program. Executive LL.M. Program Become the global business lawyer of the future in this ambitious, six-month program. J.S.D. Program Leverage the Law School’s extensive support and resources to jump-start your career in legal academia. Areas of Study View All Areas of Study Administrative Law and Public Policy Constitutional Law Corporate, Business, and Transactional Law Criminal Justice Environment and Energy Family, Gender, and Sexuality Intellectual Property and Technology International and Comparative Law Law and Philosophy Law of the Workplace Leadership Legal History Litigation and Dispute Resolution National Security and Privacy Social Justice and Human Rights View All Areas of Study Your Campus, Your City Columbia Law School’s remarkable community is driven by teamwork and camaraderie. Explore life on campus and in New York City, get an inside look at the student experience, and find out how to visit our campus. Related Events View All Events Feb 22 2024 Law Library 2nd Floor Opens at 3:00 pm Thu, All Day Columbia Law School, 435 W. 116 St., New York, NY 10027 Mar 5 2024 Kernochan Speakers: Dealmaking in Hollywood: M&A Considerations Tue, 12:10 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Jerome Greene Hall, 435 W. 116 St., New York, NY 10027 102B Mar 5 2024 1L Writing Workshop: Tables of Contents / Authorities for LPW Briefs Tue, 12:10 p.m. - 1:10 p.m. Jerome Greene Hall, 435 W. 116 St., New York, NY 10027 103 View All Events Admissions Why Columbia Visit 435 West 116th StreetNew York, NY 10027 - Contact Us Social Media (Administrative Title) Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Youtube Admissions Academics Areas of Study Faculty & Scholarship Careers Community Life Information for… Incoming J.D. Students Current Students Faculty Staff Employers Media Login News Events Alumni Giving About Library Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Support Columbia Law School Donate © Copyright 2024 The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York.