YES! Magazine | Solutions Journalism Skip to content YES! Solutions Journalism Subscribe Menu Social Justice Environment Health & Happiness Economy Democracy Donate Donate Plan a Gift in Your Will Subscribe Subscribe Get YES! Emails Give A Gift Subscription Order Bulk Magazines More About YES! Events Teacher Resources My Account Magazine Current IssueThe “Connections” IssueSPRING 2024 All Issues Give a gift subscription Trending: YES! Presents: Rising Up with Sonali Palestine Climate Crisis Reparations YES! Crossword SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Donate About Events Social Justice Environment Health & Happiness Economy Democracy Get YES! Emails Teacher Resources My Account Connections Spring 2024 All Issues Give A Gift Subscription Follow Get YES! Emails Trending: YES! Presents: Rising Up with Sonali Palestine Climate Crisis Reparations YES! Crossword Connections Spring 2024 | The "Connections" Issue Social Media for the Revolution Reina Sultan Terra Affirma: Separate and Inseparable Sarah Gilman Safe (Sacred) Spaces Sara Youngblood Gregory Digital Native Storytelling charlie amáyá scott Rebuilding Tulsa With or Without Reparations Tulsa’s Greenwood District is measuring its wealth in bonds between people and generations, even as reparations for the 1921 massacre remain elusive. Anneliese Bruner | Mar 1, 2024 Video How Black Youth Benefit from Dedicated Spaces From TV to TikTok: Reparations on Screen Becoming “Reparationists” Why Reparations Are a 2024 Election Issue Social Justice More Beyond 40 Acres and a Mule Torsheta Jackson Will California Do Reparations Right? Erin Aubry Kaplan Realizing Reparations Sonali Kolhatkar Environment More Surprising Solidarity in the Fight for Clean Water and Justice on O’ahu Libby Leonard Real Climate Solutions Must Include Human Rights Josephine Ferorelli, Meghan Elizabeth Kallman The Future Is Feral—and Climate Resilient Irene Lyla Lee Health & Happiness More Murmurations: The Healing Power of Film Joie Lou Shakur Love Your Person (and the Planet) This Valentine’s Day Breanna Draxler The Equal Rights Issue Facing Straight Couples (in Bed) Enrico Gnaulati, Ph.D. Economy More The Heroes Fighting for Public Education Laura Pappano Cooperative Ways to Weather the Silver Tsunami Jaisal Noor Soil Builds Prosperity From the Ground Up Breanna Draxler Democracy More The (Identity) Politics of Reparations Trevor Smith Race, Caste, and the Model Minority Myth Yashica Dutt Global Protests for a Free Palestine: Photo Essay Iman Mohamed Inspiration in Your Inbox Sign up to receive email updates from YES! Enter Your Email(Required) CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. The Latest More Cop City Is a Disability Justice Issue, Too Disability justice activists are joining grassroots efforts to shut down Atlanta’s Cop City, the largest police training campus in the U.S. Marianne Dhenin | Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue The Complexity of Connection Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Social Media for the Revolution Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Terra Affirma: Separate and Inseparable Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue We Keep Our Data Safe Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Connective Liberation Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Digital Native Storytelling Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Safe (Sacred) Spaces Mar 4, 2024 From The Current Issue Eating at the Old Growth Table Mar 4, 2024 Video Spotlight How Black Youth Benefit from Dedicated Spaces Given the massive generational theft from Black communities, youth advocate Torie Weiston-Serdan reports on how Black youth are creating and controlling their own liberatory spaces. Sonali Kolhatkar More Videos From TV to TikTok: Reparations on Screen Reparations are as elusive on-screen as they are in real life, says film and culture critic Jonita Davis. Sonali Kolhatkar Becoming “Reparationists” Identity has long played a role in activist strategies. Trevor Smith explores how it can be applied to the movement for reparations. Sonali Kolhatkar New York Considers a Social Housing Bill Social housing as a concept is gaining popularity. Now, the state of New York is considering a bill to make it a reality. Sonali Kolhatkar Infographics More Infographics An Unprecedented Halving of Child Poverty … Twice! A historic drop in the child poverty rate over the past 25 years showed us exactly what to do when the pandemic hit. Tracy Matsue Loeffelholz | Oct 17, 2022 You Know What Else Is Contagious? Good Health An increasing amount of research shows that good health practices and outcomes can spread throughout a community, even outweighing the influence of immediate family members. Tracy Matsue Loeffelholz | Sep 8, 2022 More Farmland Transitions to Organic Growing interest in regenerative land practices and demand for organic food have led to consistent expansion of acres devoted to organic farming. Tracy Matsue Loeffelholz | May 15, 2020 Give the Gift of YES! YES! gift subscriptions bring hope and inspiration all year long. ORDER NOW The Magazine Connections Spring 2024 Elders Winter 2024 Growth Fall 2023 Thirst Summer 2023 Endings Spring 2023 Bodies Winter 2023 Work Fall 2022 Pleasure Summer 2022 Help Fund Powerful Stories to Light the Way Forward Donate to YES! today. Donate SUBSCRIBE Donate About Events Social Justice Environment Health & Happiness Economy Democracy Get YES! Emails Teacher Resources My Account Connections Spring 2024 All Issues Give A Gift Subscription Follow Get YES! Emails Social Justice Environment Health & Happiness Economy Democracy All Issues Current Issue About Support Magazine Follow Social Justice Environment Health & Happiness Economy Democracy All Issues Current Issue ABOUTAbout YES! Events Teacher Resources Jobs & Internships Privacy Policy Contact Us SUPPORTDonate Plan a Gift in Your Will Donor Appreciation MAGAZINESubscribe All Issues Give A Gift Subscription My Account FOLLOWGet YES! Emails Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Privacy Policy © 2024 YES! Media / Positive Futures Network PO Box 1219, Poulsbo, WA 98370 YES! Media acknowledges that we are based on the traditional, stolen land of the Coast Salish People, specifically the Duwamish and Suquamish tribes, past and present. Learn more about our land acknowledgement. 800/937-4451 Custom Service Can Be Reached at 800-937-4451, +1-206-842-0216, or by Mail At customercare@yesmagazine.org. YES! Publishes Quarterly in February, May, August, and November. First Issue Mailed Within 6 Weeks. Click Here For Support and FAQ. View Our Privacy Policy. Copyright 2019 YES! Magazine. All Rights Reserved Get email Updates from YES! Inspiration in Your Inbox. Sign up to receive email updates from YES! Enter Your Email(Required) CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.