Singletrack World Magazine - Independent mountain biking news, reviews, trails and mtb opinion Search News Reviews Features Destinations Magazine Video Jobs Job Listings Create a Resume Bookmarked Jobs More Offers Newsletter Podcast Fresh Goods Charged First Look Classic Rides Sponsored Support Singletrack GritCX Snow Tech Reader Surveys Product Highlights Forum Subscribe Buy a gift subscription Subscription for me Redeem a Gift Subscription Shop Buy a gift subscription Browse our products Classifieds Latest Sam Pilgrim Off Monster: Who Should Sponsor Him Next? Canyon rider Sam Pilgrim has announced his 13 year contract with Monster Energy has come to an end. Apparently there are no hard feelings and he’s got plans for promoting... 42 News Scott Addict Gravel 10 Review Scott Addict Gravel 10 is the upper end of the model range, and a prime example of exactly how a performance gravel bike should look and feel. Don’t skip past... Reviews A-Z of The Singletrack World Forum If you're new to the world of mountain bikes, you might find it an unfathomable world of tech jargon, incompatible standards, and marketing babble. To cut through it all, you… Members' Feature 33 Fresh Goods Friday 694 – The TFFT Edition TFFT meaning Thank Fully February is Through. And whose idea was it to stick an extra flipping day on the end of it? Fresh Goods 5 Government Consults On Legalising Higher Powered Ebikes News NBD: Sonder Evol, Norco Optic & Sight, YT Decoy Core, World Cup tickets… News Protect Our Winters: Update on British Cycling and Shell News Help Shape the Future of the 7Stanes Trails News 6 Takeaways From Red Bull Hardline Tasmania News Calibre Line T3 29 review Bikes Spot That Bike: the Short Travel edition Think you know bikes? Do you even XCO? Have yourself a short travel quiz and see which bikes you can identify. There's more to this story... BUT IT'S A MEMBER-ONLY...… Members' Feature 20 Win A Forbidden Druid Dream Build, Make Nils’ Dreams Come True Many of you mourned the passing of Nils Amelinckx. Here’s a chance to win a bike and do something nice for his family, from as little as £4.99. Nils Amelinckx,... News 2 Singletrack uses an affiliate service called Skimlinks, which means we may earn revenue if you buy a product after clicking a link to a retailer on our site. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Please leave this field emptySingletrack World Weekly Word Our regular weekly editorial newsletter comes complete with editorial content you won't find anywhere else. Sign up now to get the full Singletrack picture in your inbox every week. Email Address * Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription. Reviews Calibre Line T3 29 review The Calibre Line T3 29 is a mighty fine first 'proper mountain bike', that will be a trusty trail buddy for many years afterwards. Bikes 7 SRAM Maven Ultimate Expert Kit: first ride review TLDR: the SRAM Maven Ultimate brakes offer bucket loads in a very usable package. A few rides is by no means a full review yet but currently they seem to… Brakes 0 Canyon Spectral CF 9: First Fortnight Findings The new Canyon Spectral CF trail bike has dropped a bit of travel but added the K.I.S. steering stabiliser. Here's our first impressions... Bikes 5 Kona Process X CR Review All in, the Kona Process X CR is an excellent all-mountain bike. And it’s the nicest-looking mountain bike I’ve seen for a number of years. Bikes 13 Recently tested Product Highlights Calibre T3: You are their factory rider Mountain biking is expensive, isn't it? The folks at Calibre don't think it needs to be. Product Highlight 0 Product Highlight: Bum Butter Happy Bottom Bum Butter is a natural handmade chamois cream. You simply put a small amount either on the pad of your cycling shorts, or directly onto your skin to… Product Highlight 0 Pirelli Scorpion MTB Tyre Range The complete range of Pirelli Scorpion mountain bike tyre has evolved into a comprehensive offering of high-performance rubber. In this guide we'll analyse the range so you can see what… Product Highlight 0 Product Highlight: Elliot Brown Singletrack Watch The Holton Professional was developed in response to a request from a specialist branch of the military who demanded a fit-for-purpose professional watch capable of a life in the field. Product Highlight 0 Members' Content A-Z of The Singletrack World Forum If you're new to the world of mountain bikes, you might find it an unfathomable world of tech jargon, incompatible standards, and marketing babble. To cut through it all, you… Members' Feature 33 Fake Bikes? How To Spot A Scam Website Off the back of a couple of stories we’ve published, and a suggestion from someone in the Forum, we thought we’d give you a bit of a guide to spotting... Online Feature 0 Spanish Bikepacking Diary – The End? The final day of a 1,400km ride with just shy of 21,000m ascent. Will it be an emotional end to an epic trip? Will Amanda throw her bike into the...… Members' Feature 12 Spanish Bikepacking Diary Day 12 Amanda and Rhys are nearing the end of their journey from Barcelona to Malaga, and continue to avoid the passing snow storm. Today’s destination: Granada. Catch-up: Day One Day Two...… Members' Feature 6 Classic Ride Issue 153 Classic Ride: Surrey Thrills Despite Hurtwood being one of the UK’s busiest riding spots, its trail network relies heavily on the continued goodwill of landowners and volunteers. Adele takes a ride to find out...… Classic Ride 10 Issue 152 Classic Ride: Riding the Dyfi The Climachx trail in the Dyfi Valley offers a day out for those looking for an alternative to the Athertons’ neighbouring descents. There's more to this story... BUT IT'S A… Classic Ride 0 Singletrack Issue 151 Classic Ride: Pendle Pootle The STW team ride in the shadow of Lancashire’s Pendle Hill, site of many a 17th century witch trial. However, they didn’t find any witches; just mellow trails and tasty... Classic Ride 5 Singletrack World Classic Ride 150: Ben Mac Do It Each year my friends and I take a trip to Scotland for a week during May bank holiday to enjoy the freedom of wild camping, the right to roam and...… Classic Ride 3 Charged Cannondale Moterra NEO SL first ride: 19.5kg, 85Nm, 601Wh The Cannondale Moterra NEO SL really does deliver on the brand’s aim to build ‘The lightest full-power mountain bike ever’. Apparently the Cannondale Moterra NEO SL came about after an... First Look Living with an e-bike – Part One In it for the long haul – A journey into e-bike ownership. Here’s Sanny’s first instalment of a multi-part series of features detailing life with an electric mountain bike. Part... Feature 51 Upgrade Bikes takes on Fazua servicing Good news for mid-power motorheads. Also, ZyroFisher has taken on service duties for Mahle Smart Bike Systems. Fazua press release: FAZUA announces new service partnership in UK Ottobrunn, 15. January... News 1 Canyon Neuron:ON CF 8 review As a short-travel but full-power eMTB, I think the Canyon Neuron:ON has tough sales game ahead of it. But to dismiss it might be to miss out on a great... Review Lapierre EZesty AM LTD review Bikes Norco Sight VLT C2 review Bikes Haibike Lyke CF 10 review Bikes GritCX Scott Addict Gravel 10 Review Scott Addict Gravel 10 is the upper end of the model range, and a prime example of exactly how a performance gravel bike should look and feel. Don’t skip past... Reviews Redshift Sports ShockStop PRO Suspension Seatpost RT Review The Redshift Sports ShockStop Suspension Seatpost RT delivers on the promise of increased comfort and control in a package that works. Pros Cons Unlike suspension stems, suspension seatposts never really... Reviews 11 Redshift Sports ShockStop PRO Stem review The Redshift Sports ShockStop PRO stem is its top end suspension stem. It comes with +/- 6 degrees of rise and can be flipped between the two. Pros Cons “Suspension... Reviews 14 How to watch the 2024 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships this weekend The world’s top cyclo-cross riders are heading to the Czech Republic this weekend to compete at the 2024 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships, at the circuit in Tabor. Expect technical racing,... 18 Ribble Gravel AL Rival XPLR Review Reviews Pearl Izumi Amfib Lobster Gel Glove review Reviews Cyclists Not Welcome At This Spanish World Cup News Contact UsPrivacyForum RulesClassifieds RulesLink RemovalNewsletter SettingsAdvertising Singletrack uses affiliate services called Skimlinks and which means we may earn revenue if you buy a product after clicking a link to a retailer on our site. Copyright Gofar Enterprises Ltd © 2024 x x