Home - Focus on the Family DONATEStrengthen families withyour gift GIVE MONTHLYEnsure biblical resources reach those in need DONATE GIVE MONTHLY Español Call Store My Account Español Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Marriage Events Parenting Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More Culture Shows Daily Broadcast Podcasts Get Help Family Q&A Resources & Referrals Find A Counselor Mental Health Dealing With Pornography Help for Abusive Relationships Considering Abortion Understanding Homosexuality Transgender Resources About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore Menu Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Marriage Events Parenting Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More Culture Shows Daily Broadcast Podcasts Get Help Family Q&A Resources & Referrals Find A Counselor Mental Health Dealing With Pornography Help for Abusive Relationships Considering Abortion Understanding Homosexuality Transgender Resources About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore Menu Marriage Before Marriage Healthy Marriage Save My Marriage Marriage Ministry Marriage Events Parenting Faith Pastors Pro-Life Wait No More Culture Get Help Family Q&A Resources & Referrals Find A Counselor Mental Health Dealing With Pornography Help for Abusive Relationships Considering Abortion Understanding Homosexuality Transgender Resources Shows Daily Broadcast Podcasts About Who We Are What We Do Careers Contact Us Visit Us Focus on the Family Bookstore Family Central Bookstore My Account Search Search Previous slide Next slide Give Now to Save America's Families! Your $30 monthly gift helps strengthen 12 Christ-centered families annually by redeeming marriages, empowering parents, and promoting compassion and integrity. Your support strengthens hearts, communities, and our nation. DONATE GIVE MONTHLY Choose to make a lasting difference: Opt for a single transformative gift or join the Friends of Focus on the Family for year-round impact. Give Hope! Save 2x the Lives! Rescue twice the moms and their babies. DOUBLE YOUR GIFT! GIVE MONTHLY Give a single gift OR rescue babies from abortion all year as an Option Ultrasound Life Advocate. Focus on the Family Broadcast God’s Amazing Grace in a Transgendered Person’s Life (Part 1 of 2) March 5, 2024 Laura Perry Smalts shares about her 7-year journey of transitioning and identifying as a male before realizing she was living a lie and then fully embracing her female gender. She tells about her painful experiences living with a self-created identity outside of God’s design and incredible plan for her, revealed through her loving parents and other believers. Laura and Dr. Meg Meeker, a pediatrician, speak compassionately about the issues surrounding gender confusion in today’s culture, offering practical insights, hope and help. (Part 1 of 2) NEVER MISS AN EPISODE: Listen Online! All Episodes LISTEN ON OUR APP: App Store Google Play Recent Articles What Is the Church? The visible and local church is, of course, the physical churches that we see around us and around the world, as well as the members of those churches. The invisible and universal church, however, refers to all believers everywhere. Read More » The Creation of Woman: Affirming Your Daughter’s Identity For Christian families, there’s an overwhelming importance upon understanding the roles of female and male. However, our culture emphasizes different aspects of these roles from Christianity. In the Christian context, the origin point for this conversation lies at the beginning: the creation of woman and man. Read More » FROM QUILTS TO CONVERSATIONS A significant aspect of advocating for the pro-life movement involves engaging and educating others with compassion and truth. Often, we think this means rallying against Read More » Latest from DALYFocus: Jim Daly’s BlogGod’s Amazing Grace in a Transgendered Person’s Life March 5, 2024More and more young people, especially girls, are experiencing gender confusion. Ten years ago, the prevalence of transgenderism in children was 0.1% in the US. Now it’s 2-3%. That’s an increase of 4000%. Why? Here’s another important question to answer: Is medical gender transition necessary to prevent youth suicide? To answer those questions and others, […] Read Now The Focus on the Family MissionTo cooperate with the Holy Spirit in sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ with as many people as possible by nurturing and defending the God-ordained institution of the family and promoting biblical truths worldwide. Our Values Throughout my active parenting years I really relied on Focus radio broadcasts for encouragement, guidance, and information...(see more) Anonymous, Ohio Come Visit Us! If you’re in Colorado Springs, we’d be delighted to have you visit our Welcome Center and Bookstore. Guests can become better acquainted with Focus on the Family through a self-guided walking tour, as well as have fun with their children in the Kids’ Korner play area and Whit’s End Soda Shoppe. Our Online Store is Open and Ready to Serve! Our Visitor Center Hours of Operation More from Focus on the Family Has Focus on the Family helped you or your family? Share your story here and inspire others today! 1-800-A-FAMILY (232-6459) [email protected] 8605 Explorer Drive Colorado Springs, CO 80920-1051 About Us Our Values Visit Us Jobs & Volunteering Newsroom Press Center Contact Us Find a Counselor Financials Shows & Podcasts Daily Broadcast The Boundless Show Adventures in Odyssey Radio Theatre Focus on Marriage Podcast Focus on Parenting Podcast Practice Makes Parent All Shows >> Shop Adventures in Odyssey Radio Theatre That the World May Know The Truth Project Magazines All Products >> Donate Make a Donation Other Ways to Give Manage My Donor Account Donor Tax Statements Sign Up for Our E-Newsletters Get our updates straight to your inbox. Sign Up Copyright © 2024 Focus on the Family | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Permissions Facebook Logo X Logo YouTube Logo Instagram Logo Pinterest Logo LinkedIn Logo