Debian -- Packages Skip Quicknav Blog Micronews Planet Getting Debian / Packages Packages Introductory notes View package lists Search package directories Search the contents of packages Introductory notes All packages that are included in the official Debian distribution are free according to the Debian Free Software Guidelines. This assures free use and redistribution of the packages and their complete source code. The official Debian distribution is what is contained in the main section of the Debian archive. As a service to our users, we also provide packages in separate sections that cannot be included in the main distribution due to either a restrictive license or legal issues. They include: Contrib Packages in this area are freely licensed by the copyright holder but depend on other software that is not free. Non-Free Packages in this area have some onerous license condition restricting use or redistribution of the software. Non-Free-Firmware This section is restricted to device firmware. While packages in this area basically have the same underlying license restrictions as those in non-free, a special exception has been made for them: even if not being DFSG-free, packages from non-free-firmware are allowed to be included in the official installation images. Note that same packages might appear in several distributions, but with different version numbers. View package lists View the packages in the stable distribution This is the latest official release of the Debian distribution. This is stable and well tested software, which changes only if major security or usability fixes are incorporated. See the stable release pages for more information. View the packages in the testing distribution This area contains packages that are intended to become part of the next stable distribution. There are strict criteria a package in unstable (see below) must obey before it can be added to testing. Note that testing does not get the timely security updates from the security team. See the testing distribution pages for more information. View the packages in the unstable distribution This area contains the most recent packages in Debian. Once a package has met our criterion for stability and quality of packaging, it will be included in testing. unstable is also not supported by the security team. Packages in unstable are the least tested and may contain problems severe enough to affect the stability of your system. Only experienced users should consider using this distribution. See the unstable distribution pages for more information. Search package directories Keyword: Search on: Package names only Descriptions Source package names Only show exact matches: Distribution: experimental unstable testing stable oldstable any Section: main contrib non-free non-free-firmware any There are shortcuts for some searches available: https://packages.debian.org/name for the search on package names. https://packages.debian.org/src:name for the search on source package names. Search the contents of packages This search engine allows you to search the contents of Debian distributions for any files (or just parts of file names) that are part of packages. You can also get a full list of files in a given package. Keyword: Display: paths ending with the keyword packages that contain files named like this packages that contain files whose names contain the keyword Distribution: experimental unstable testing stable oldstable Architecture: any 64-bit PC (amd64) 64-bit ARM (AArch64) EABI ARM (armel) Hard Float ABI ARM (armhf) Hurd 32-bit PC (i386) Hurd 64-bit PC (amd64) 32-bit PC (i386) MIPS (big endian) 64-bit MIPS (little endian) MIPS (little endian) PowerPC POWER Processors RISC-V 64-bit little endian (riscv64) IBM System z There is also a shortcut available: https://packages.debian.org/file:path for the search for paths ending in the keyword. Back to the Debian Project homepage. This page is also available in the following languages: Български (Bəlgarski) česky dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά (Ellinika) español français Galego hrvatski Italiano 한국어 (Korean) magyar Nederlands 日本語 (Nihongo) norsk (bokmål) polski Português Русский (Russkij) slovenčina suomi svenska українська (ukrajins'ka) 中文(简) 中文(HK) 中文(繁) How to set the default document language Home About Social Contract Code of Conduct Free Software Legal Info Help Debian Getting Debian Network install CD/USB ISO images Pure Blends Debian Packages Developers' Corner News Project News Events Documentation Release Info Debian Wiki Support Debian International Security Information Bug reports Mailing Lists Site map Search The Debian Blog Debian Micronews Debian Planet See our contact page to get in touch. Web site source code is available. Last Modified: Sat, Jun 10 17:38:17 UTC 2023 Last Built: Thu, Feb 15 11:48:22 UTC 2024 Copyright © 1997-2023 SPI and others; See license terms Debian is a registered trademark of Software in the Public Interest, Inc.