PhoneArena | Phone News, Reviews, Deals and Specs News Reviews Phones Specs comparison Size comparison Manufacturers Apple Samsung Google LG Motorola Sony OnePlus View all Carriers Verizon AT&T T-Mobile U.S. Cellular Metro by T-Mobile View all More AR/VR Best Picks Deals iphone 16 iPhone 16 Pro Max Apple Vision Pro Meta Quest 3 IOS 17 Apple Watch Series 9 AirPods Max Galaxy S24 Galaxy S24 Ultra Galaxy S23 Galaxy Z Fold 6 Galaxy Watch 6 Series Android 14 Pixel 9 PIxel 8 Pixel Fold Google Pixel Watch 2 OnePlus 12 OnePlus Open Discussions PhoneArena Socials Notifications No new notifications You’ll get updated when important things are happening, and when you engage with our community. Community updates Other updates Clear notifications Оrder Meta Quest 3 for $499.99 now! Samsung by mistake praises video shot on iPhone 13 Pro Max Alan Friedman March '24 Pixel Feature Drop is here for Pixel phones, Watch, and Tablet Johanna Romero "The worst iPhone (upgrade) ever" was the best-selling phone of 2023: So... Is Apple a cult?! Martin Filipov iPhone 16, Galaxy S24, Pixel 9: Your "boring" phones will feel new again - all thanks to AI! Martin Filipov Latest Stories breaking Facebook and Instagram are down for many users Anam Hamid • 23m ago sponsored How to remove your address from the Internet Preslav Kateliev • 1w ago 4 Oppo Find X7 Ultra review: two zoom scopes on a real S24 Ultra killer Daniel Petrov • 47m ago Listen up: ChatGPT now reads aloud on your phone Tsveta Ermenkova • 2h ago No seven years of updates for these upcoming Galaxy phones Sebastian Pier • 2h ago versus Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra vs Honor Magic 6 Pro: AI Wars Mariyan Slavov • 3h ago Nothing Phone (2a) preview: is this going to be the king of budget phones? Preslav Kateliev • 4h ago Nothing Phone (2a) is official: Big battery, bold design, budget price Tsveta Ermenkova • 4h ago More News Reviews 4.4 Samsung Galaxy A15 5G Review: Is this sub-$200 phone good enough? Victor Hristov Xreal Air 2 Ultra preview: next-level AR experience Rad Slavov OnePlus Watch 2 Hands-on Review: Ingenious new watch with two chipsets and two operating systems Victor Hristov Xiaomi 14 Ultra hands-on preview Preslav Kateliev 7.9 Honor Magic 6 Pro Review: The Jade Warrior Mariyan Slavov All Reviews Latest Deals deal The Garmin Venu 2 Plus is a health and battery life champion you can now get at an unbeatable price Adrian Diaconescu • 35m ago deal Samsung makes the Galaxy S24+ cheaper than free for a limited time Adrian Diaconescu • 1h ago deal Amazon Spring Sale 2024: What deals on Bluetooth speakers to expect Polina Kovalakova • 2h ago deal By far the greatest ever Apple Watch Ultra 2 deal is here to save you $135 for an undoubtedly limited time Adrian Diaconescu • 2h ago deal Motorola sells the ultra-affordable Moto G Play (2023) at its best price for yet another time Polina Kovalakova • 3h ago deal OnePlus 12R bang-for-buck champ becomes even more compelling with $100 Amazon gift card Adrian Diaconescu • 4h ago deal Walmart's generous offer on the top-class Sony WH-1000XM4 and XM5 is back, and it's even better than before Polina Kovalakova • 7h ago deal Best Buy actually makes the uber-productive Surface Pro 9 affordable with $300 discount Adrian Diaconescu • 7h ago See All Deals Recent Headlines The Beaver State passed the strongest-yet electronics Right to Repair bill Sebastian Pier • 5h ago Xiaomi 15 Pro leak hints at record-thin bezels and advanced features Tsveta Ermenkova • 6h ago 9 “Don’t phone and drive”: Android Auto will lock apps and unlock them only after you’re parked Sebastian Pier • 7h ago Want to edit your message? Instagram now lets you, but time is limited Tsveta Ermenkova • 8h ago New feature Google is testing will show the entrances to a building in Google Maps Alan Friedman • 10h ago 1 Apple will pay up to $150 to each affected iPhone owner for slowing performance Anam Hamid • 15h ago 1 Fake apps and websites take more than $4.3 million from iPhone and Android users Alan Friedman • 15h ago Google rolls out March 2024 software update to Pixels with bug fixes and improvements Johanna Romero • 18h ago 1 More News Weekly Discussion Tech shows are awesome and we need them more than ever Join Discussion Browse All Discussions Ilia Temelkov Phonearena team original poster For decades, trade shows like the Consumer Electronics Show (CES), Mobile World Congress (MWC) and Internationale Funkausstellung (IFA) were the best places for anyone to show off their latest technology and devices. Along with the crazy concepts and the trade deals, these expos were the stage for the shiny keynotes presenting some of the most popular consumer tech products on the market. However, lately, many big brands decided to pull out of these events and make their own smaller shows focused only on their brand. Of course, Apple was the pioneer of this approach. The company never had a booth at CES, and in 2009, it announced it would not participate in Macworld anymore. Since then, Apple has presented all its products during tightly controlled keynote events such as the now traditional September Event. If you want to check out any new Apple product, you cannot do it at a trade show. Such a high level of control over the narrative is something every brand dreams of. So, others followed Apple’s lead and ditched the trade shows, at least partially. Samsung is probably the best example of this. The company started the Unpacked event series in 2009, tying them to the major industry events for a few years. Now, Unpacked feels like a brand itself separated from any trade show. Huawei and Xiaomi are just some of the other big brands which also seem to prefer to reveal their products in their separate events. What everyone does differently than Apple is that they at least show up at the trade shows. Such participation is welcomed and important for the whole industry. Whenever big names show up at the trade shows, people’s attention follows them. This attention is the most significant part of the trade shows as it gives a rare chance for the smaller companies and the weird concepts to go under the spotlight. Every year, CES and MWC are the stage for some of the wildest innovations and silliest ideas that make tech exciting. None of them could get the same level of attention by themselves, which would be bad for everyone. I mean, who’d rave about a smart toilet if it’s not at CES? Big Tech companies already have the clout and the marketing budgets to make everybody talk about whatever they do. Smaller companies, especially startups, don’t. Considering how safe the big companies like to play, we need the tech shows to keep seeing meaningful innovation and crazy ideas. And the bigger the shows, the better the outcomes. Join Discussion Browse All Discussions Community poll What was your favorite gadget at MWC 2024? Motorola Adaptive Display Lenovo Crystal concept laptop Samsung Galaxy Ring Xreal Air 2 Ultra AR glasses Something else Vote WALLPAPER OF THE DAY Mw By Jake WALLPAPER OF THE DAY Mw By Jake Download Wallpaper Popular Stories Hottest new T-Mobile offering finally available in stores Anam Hamid In an SEC filing, Dish says it can't buy T-Mobile's 800MHz spectrum as it heads toward bankruptcy Alan Friedman Verizon has already won March with its free Nintendo Switch and Chromebook offer Anam Hamid The Skyphone: a hybrid between smart- and satellite phone that takes it to the next level Preslav Kateliev "I've wanted this since the start!" - Z Fold 5 user reacts to Galaxy Z Fold 6 leaks Rado Minkov 30 million people bought “the worst iPhone ever”: Apple’s cult-like influence on the phone market Martin Filipov Latest AR/VR Stories What does the first Vision Pro buyer in New York City think about the device after one month? Alan Friedman New bride is unhappy when her hubby wears his Vision Pro to the wedding reception Alan Friedman Arcade Paradise VR lets you turn your room into the ultimate arcade Cosmin Vasile Apple’s Vision Pro possibly exceeded expectations. Is a global launch next on the agenda? Stanislav Serbezov See All AR/VR Community Highlights tokuzumi says: I would rather use a Google glass type of product rather than the apple style VR headset. Hopefully companies keep pushing the AR tech AI smart glasses, like the ones by Meta, have caught Apple's eye, but where did the AR dream go? Brewski says: If you told me this was a lost video for a concept that never released from 2019, I would believe you. A flexible phone that goes on your wrist (kind of): Motorola shows proof of concept at MWC chaos3621 says: Although this and DXO camera scores doesn't match, I find S24 ultra to be a camera monster. problem with dxomark is they never mess around with raw, and high res modes. they only test auto mode which still not particulary good in samsung phones.s24 produces excellent raw photos in the main camera app and expert raw app produces top notch crispy pthotos for social media, also zoom camera algorithm are far better than what we've seen in most other phones, far better than iphone 15 pro max, pixel and s23 ultra. I would even put it on par to iphone in video due to amazing 8k at ussable frame rate. in camera deppartment the only real contenders are opo find and vivo models Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is the new best smartphone camera: PhoneArena Camera Score meanestgenius says: A Foldable iPad is something I can definitely get behind. I prefer tablets to smartphones, so it's not a shock that I prefer iPads to iPhones. With that said, I'm not so sure that Apple had an issue with the displays. I just think that they realize how far behind they are with Foldables in the smartphone space and have decided to first test out how well they'll do with a Foldable device via a Foldable iPad. Foldable tablets are a virtually untapped market. How successful they are with Foldable iPads will determine if Apple will then release a Foldable smartphone, IMO. iPad road map features a major surprise coming in 2027 that might blow you away Naksut says: Huawei use to buy $billions$ of chips from Taiwan , S.Korea, US, and Japan but, is now "stuck" buying $billions$ of "more expensive" chips from China's SMIC this Means 1.China will no longer be spending $billion$ IMPORTING foreign made chips And Foreign chipmakers like Japan, S.Korea, US and Taiwan will no longer be making $billions$ selling chips to china...money that use to go into R&D for more advanced western chipsInstead2. China will be making its own expensive 5 nm chips and keeping $billions$ at home where the $ can be used for R&D into new , cheaper & improved Chinese chipsSo3. US export controls have basically ENERGIZED the Chinese Chip industry And Hurt western chip makers 4. Which was just the OPPOSITE of what politicians like Trump and Biden sought to do.So5. Trump & Biden are the "founding fathers" of the Chinese chip industry Blockbuster report says SMIC will build 5nm chips for Huawei this year MsPooks says: People need to understand that Samsung's customer service reps (most of which aren't even US-based) are generally clueless. Case in point, the "screen defect fix" reply, while a different Samsung reply says the screen has no defect to fix. Bottom line, call again and get a different rep.I've had similar experiences with Google reps too, BTW. Call later, talk to a different rep, and get the outcome you want. Galaxy S24 Ultra users are complaining about a thin green line appearing on the screen US Carriers Verizon has already won March with its free Nintendo Switch and Chromebook offer Anam Hamid Hottest new T-Mobile offering finally available in stores Anam Hamid In an SEC filing, Dish says it can't buy T-Mobile's 800MHz spectrum as it heads toward bankruptcy Alan Friedman T-Mobile brings its 5G Home Internet service to Puerto Rico Cosmin Vasile In Case You Missed It Intel video shows the $400 million tool that will help it build more powerful chips Alan Friedman • 19h ago Apple faces potential class action suit over "anti-competitive" iCloud Alan Friedman • 20h ago 6 These are the Oppo devices that will be receiving ColorOS 14 in March Johanna Romero • 23h ago 1 NBA 2K24: MyTEAM goes live worldwide on iOS and Android Cosmin Vasile • 1d ago Asus Zenfone 11 Ultra’s front design, charging details confirmed by certification platform Cosmin Vasile • 1d ago 1 Vivo X Fold 3 Pro leaked specs reveal powerful chipset, massive battery Cosmin Vasile • 1d ago 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab S6 Lite (2024) price and key specs leak ahead of launch Cosmin Vasile • 1d ago You have until the end of this month to watch these titles on Netflix before they disappear Alan Friedman • 1d ago More News Licensing Reprint & Permissions Database Licensing Advertise with us Company About Us Team Contact Us Careers Ethics statement How we rate Content Home News Manufacturers Carriers Reviews Sitemap Help Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Notifications Ad Consent Cookies PhoneArena © 2024. All Rights Reserved. FCC OKs Cingular\'s purchase of AT&T Wireless