Slashed Beauty - Budget Beauty & Drugstore Makeup Reviews About Contact Me Featured In Disclosures Privacy Policy New Posts Beauty Makeup Skin Care Hair Bath & Body Nails FashionBudget friendly fashion favorites and recommendations to stay on trend on a budget. TravelBudget friendly travel tips, my favorite travel accessories and vacation diaries. Fitness & HealthFitness product favorites, healthy living recommendations and wellness discoveries through my own experiences. Videos More Stories Wedding Lifestyle For Him Shop My Faves Search for:Search Button Menu New Posts Beauty Makeup Skin Care Hair Bath & Body Nails FashionBudget friendly fashion favorites and recommendations to stay on trend on a budget. TravelBudget friendly travel tips, my favorite travel accessories and vacation diaries. Fitness & HealthFitness product favorites, healthy living recommendations and wellness discoveries through my own experiences. Videos More Stories Wedding Lifestyle For Him Shop My Faves Search for: Bringing you the latest in budget beauty reviews, tips and tutorials since 2012. 10 Cute Makeup Organizers to Buy on Amazon Worth the Hype? Milani Cheek Kiss Cream Bronzer Review Drugstore Lip Plumping Glosses: Which Ones Work? What’s New 16 Feb 2024 The Ultimate Taylor Swift Eras Tour Outfit Idea Guide Looking for what to wear to a Taylor Swift concert? Get outfit inspiration for each one of the Taylor Swift eras, from Debut to Midnights. 23 Jan 2024 Color of the Year: Peach Fuzz Makeup Try the color of the year, Peach Fuzz, in your makeup looks with these drugstore picks! 11 Jan 2024 The 5 Best Drugstore Lip Oils Tested & Compared Comparing five of the highest rated drugstore lip oils-- what are the differences? 5 Jan 2024 The Best Smudge Proof Drugstore Mascara? L’Oreal Voluminous Panorama Mascara Get ready to discover your new go-to for dramatic lashes without flakes or smudges: the L'Oreal Voluminous Panorama Mascara 29 Dec 2023 Are the New e.l.f. Camo Liquid Blushes Rare Beauty Dupes!? Take a look at the newest drugstore dupes in town: the e.l.f. Camo Liquid Blushes. See a comparison against the Rare Beauty Soft Pinch Liquid Blushes! Miranda Mendelson I'm dedicated to inspiring you to discover and get creative with budget beauty, and live fabulously without breaking the bank. MakeupSkincareFashionTravel About Contact Me Featured In Disclosures Privacy Policy © 2024 Slashed Beauty - Web development by Moss Web Works