Homepage - White House Historical Association Skip to Main Content Search & Explore Resources & Shop Primary Navigation White House Historical Association Home Search Search WHHA - start typing and then listen for common searches like yours. Search Filters Presidents First Ladies First Family Life Significant Events Architecture Interiors & Decorative Arts Fine Arts Gardens & Grounds Explore the Initiative Featured Collections The Historic Stephen Decatur House Making Connections in the President's Neighborhood The White House Behind the Scenes Pulling Back the Curtain on the Executive Mansion Decorative Arts in the White House An Interior that Reflects a Nation A Tour of the White House America's Most Famous House See More Collections The White House 1600 Sessions Podcast Featured Questions Have you Ever Wondered... Does the White House have a swimming pool? How did the White House get its name? What is the Resolute Desk? What are the dimensions of the White House? See More Questions © The White House Historical Association Find us on... Facebook Instagram Twitter Secondary Navigation Featured Links About Us Our History, Mission, & Team Ways to Give Preserve & Protect History The Rubenstein Center Education & Scholarship Publishing Our Books & Quarterly Donate Support and Contact Press Inquiries & Background Information Book the Decatur House Intimate Gatherings & Large Celebrations Plan Your Visit The White House & Lafayette Square Contact Us Have a question? Get in touch. Support and Contact Digital Library Thousands of Images covering the History of the White House Shop Official White House Ornaments, Books & More Main Content Homepage Women and the White House Official 2024 White House Easter Egg Set Get Yours Today! White House Easter Egg Roll The History of a Holiday Tradition The White House Historical Association is a private, nonprofit organization founded in 1961 by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy with a mission to protect, preserve, and provide public access to the rich history of America’s Executive Mansion. Donate President Jimmy Carter: Faith, Family, and a Presidency The White House 1600 Sessions White House History Live A Monthly Program Online Educational Resources K-12 Learning Tools & Programs Upcoming Events Jan 08 - Dec 31 Tour the Historic Decatur House Tuesday, Mar 12 White House History Live: Marquis de Lafayette Returns Thursday, Mar 21 White House History with Margaret Brennan: Women in Diplomacy See All Upcoming Events White House Historical Association Home Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date with the latest events and stories. Submit The White House 1600 Sessions Podcast Book the Decatur House Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Become a Member Help protect and educate America on the history of the White House. Shop Now Official White House Christmas Ornaments, Books, and More. Renew Today To Preserve and Protect History Renew Today To Preserve and Protect History Renew Today